Made a reservation about a month in advance for a party of 4 on a Sunday evening. It was pouring outside when two of us arrived about 10 mins early for our reservation. The hostess offered to take our coats and umbrellas and promptly seated us. Big plus! Not a pretentious feeling restaurant and they made us feel very welcome. The ambiance and decor choices are great; has a very clean, modern feeling without trying too hard. The menu looked so good we had a hard time choosing what to order! We did end up with the house red wine for $1.50/oz, which was a zin/syrah/something blend that was light, yummy and very easy to drink. A total steal considering that puts the average 5oz pour at $7.50. Our meal was delicious and thoughtfully prepared! We shared the beignets, calamari, 2 bowls of celery soup (they split it into 4 for us), pesto linguine, red snapper, duck confit and trumpet mushroom confit. It was the perfect amount of food for 4 and we still had a little room for dessert. We got the bread pudding and pavlova. Did not regret any of our order except that we wished we could have tried everything on the menu. The staff were gracious, the meal delectable and the restaurant one I will come back for.
My hubby and I love this place, we enjoy coming here for our anniversary or just a special date. The appetizers are amazing, I tried almost all of them and my favorite is the cornbread bowl and I always order one more to go. Service are great and ambiance is warm and cozy. You can never go wrong to bring your date here.
Love this cute little restaurant tucked on a quaint street in the Castro! The ambiance is homey and cozy, and the service is beyond friendly -- the perfect spot for a lovely date night (not great for large groups though). We loved every single appetizer plate and the house red wine (you're charged based on how many ounces you consume -- brilliant!). However, we weren't a huge fan of the main entrees. The bavette steak was a bit too dry and not fatty for my palette and the red snapper was great texture-wise but a bit bland in terms of flavor. I'd almost recommend coming to Frances and ordering all the appetizers, salads and soup on the menu and sharing carafes of their house wine!The items I especially recommend are the bacon beignets, chickpea fritters, linguine al pesto, and the charred beet salad. Definitely consider Frances for your next date night excursion! Happy Eating, Yelpers!
Ok. Had heard great things about France's and it's our new hood so lucked out on a table Friday night. Love the ambiance and the restrooms were nice (pet peeve of mine is the dichotomy between restos and how they manage these rooms). Anyway the food was phenomenal and our waitress pleasant. The killer for why we won't return? After great salads we waited 40 min for our entrees - 2 bavette steaks. Not rocket science people. No apology, no offer of an app to keep us occupied. Sorry but this is basic stuff given the wait. And guess what? I'll share this experience w everyone. Wasted opportunity people.
Tiny little restaurant in the Castro which make wonderful dishes with BIG flavor!Definitely believe the hype of this place...simple, elevated comfort food that satisfies the palate and the senses...these dishes were not small and simply pretty but definitely generous portions with flavor/textures.Ordered for family-style:* Linguine al Pesto - Charred Rapini, Poached Egg, Aleppo Chili and Pangrattato * American Red Snapper - Butter Beans, Charred Broccolini, Smoky Clam Broth* Grilled Bavette Steak - English Peas, Ramps, Fingerling Potato and Crme Frache* Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Crimson Grapes, Bulgarian Feta, Hazelnut, DillDesserts* Chocolate bread pudding - rich, creamy, chocolately* Pink lady hand pie with buttermilk ice cream - more on the savory and not too sweetAll items were extremely yummy but would probably skip the linguine with pesto next time...it was tasty but not memorable...It's been a awhile since finding a place that has such delicious food, wonderful service in a quaint space in the City with available parking! Came here on a weeknight and the place was packed...very telling and glad we got to try it. I will definitely keep this place in my dining rotation!.
I had the Cornish hen. It was just okay, kind of difficult to eat and not particularly tasty. The brussel sprouts were good, not uniquely prepped, but still good. The single stall bathroom was almost never available.
Long overdue review of Frances. We actually went here to celebrate New Year's Eve Eve (the day before NYE). This place really elevates food to the next level. The technical skill shown by Michaela Rahorst and her crew is top notch. It's no wonder getting a reservation was not easy.I think most of the street parking around here is 2 hours...we were worried, but this meal was relatively quick. TIP: right by the restaurant, there's the public health clinic. Their parking restrictions end at 6 PM.We were intrigued by their "wine by the ounce", so we tried the house white, which was a pinot grigio, riesling blend. Not too bad at just $1.50/ounce.We started off with the must-order Bacon Beignets with maple creme fraiche ($8). Wow. They were sooooo good. The outside was crispy, the inside was tender, and oh-so-bacony. The Panisse Frites made of chickpea ($8) was also good, but not as tasty as the Bacon Beignets. The breading was paper-thin and incredibly delicate. I'm amazed at how they held together. This is NOT something you can whip up at home. The chili and mint aioli provided a nice contrast. The grilled calamari ($8) was also perfect. Slightly smoky and tender, they'll change the minds of calamari haters everywhere!DH loved the rustic Josey Baker bread they brought out between courses. It's chewy and flavorful. The crust has a deep, intense flavor. Burnt, in a good way! Maybe "caramelized" is a better description. ;)Next up was a Roasted Mushroom Soup with cornmeal fried oyster ($14). The little touches like the oyster really made it special. The soup itself tasted like home-made cream of mushroom...so savory and smooth, perfect on a cold day.For the main dish, DH ordered the Mount Lassen Red Trout ($31). The base consisted of roasted fennel, fregola sarda, green olive, and smoky fumet. The fish was expertly seared. Outside was crispy and the inside was cooked evenly. Strong flavors from the olive and fennel helped to balance the fattiness of the fish. We enjoyed it tremendously, but we were starting to get too full at this point. Watch out for the bread!!The side of broccolini and toasted farro ($9) was fabulous. I can't believe I'm saying that about broccolini and toasted farro. We had some leftovers and they actually PLATED them (see photo). We've been to many fancy restaurants and Michelin starred places, but we cannot remember ever seeing this. Wow. Such attention to detail!We finished off with the slightly controversial Lumberjack Cake ($9). Neither one of us likes coconut or dates, but we'll eat them. It was okay, but didn't fit with our food preferences. DH says, "It wasn't bad, but it's not something I'd order again." For a coconut & date cake, it was actually quite moist with nice crumb. It wasn't gooey or difficult to eat. Like a cross between an apple cake and a coconut cake. It paired very well with the Muscovado ice cream. The ice cream was delicious. My advice: if you don't like coconut or dates, it is OKAY to skip this.Overall, spectacular food crafted with a high level of technical skill. Great place to get some unique eats that still taste good. The seating is a bit cramped, though. Service was excellent and friendly. If we lived closer, we would love to come back!
Dinner review. Bacon beignets - 5/5 - Very light, perfect with chive creme fraichePanisse chickpea frites - 3/5Linguine al pesto - 4/5Duck confit - 5/5 - Great apple soubise sauceLumberjack cake - 5/5 - 7x7Dark chocolate bread pudding - 3/5Overall, very good. Bacon beignets are "as good as it gets."
What can I say on here that hasn't already been said ? Without going into too much detail, Frances offers a meal, start to finish, that's unpretentious and delicious. Each item seemed to have been carefully prepared and layed gently on the plate for the patrons to devour. Each course ordered was complementary to the one prior, and each dish made the table squeal with excitement (no kidding), when it came around the corner and made its way in front of our faces. Start to finish, delightful. It can be difficult, by the way, to get a reasonable reservation. Typically if you're looking for something within 2-3 weeks its a res for 9:30pm or so, which really isn't that late, and can make for a good way to finish the evening. Take any reservation you can. Really, just take it. Its a small place and if you get there maaaaybe when they open you have a chance withojt a res... maybe.
The waiter gave some good recs but assured us everything was going to be good here.Started with some house shots that included some punchy concoction with kava and rum? I think. But very fruity and barely tasted any alcohol so we ordered another of course which was a little more citrusy but didn't mind at all. Started with some warm bread and butter then next up was the bacon beignets which were light and fluffy. Quite airy on the inside with a nice crunch on the outside. With a light cream sauce, quickly each one of these was thrown in my mouth. Bavette steak was cooked medium rare nice and pink on the inside the way I like it! A good 4 medium sized chunks of red meat. On to the duck... Duck skin had a nice crisp to it and the meat was tender with a good portion. Also, decided to go with the house red wine that was very smooth indeed to bring out the flavors in my steak just a little more. A side of Brussel sprouts to add some greens to the plate matched perfectly. Very good.I don't think anything we ordered here was bad at all. Definitely would come back for a very good dinner!
Bookmark this place! Make a reservation! Highly recommend! Service was excellent here too!Every dish we had was delicious (see pics)! The portion was good and the prices were reasonable.There is a small bar section for walk-ins (seats about 7-8 ppl).Coat check is available.Good luck finding street parking!
So this...is the power...of a Michelin star restaurant...I'm not a foodie. It takes a lot for me to go somewhere like this, because I'm always afraid that my taste buds aren't good enough to get the subtle flavors of each food, and that would feel like a waste.Not so at this place.Went here because my friend Frances was leaving for Seattle, so we OBVIOUSLY had to go to Frances before she left SF. We had an OpenTable gift card, too, so that made me feel a little more relaxed about it. The thing that made me extremely happy, though, was the fact that they served Song tea on their menu. This shop is on Fillmore and I love the teas that they have, so to see it in a restaurant like this made me think very highly of it already.Service is, not surprisingly, top-notch. They also serve a bread from a local bakery which was excellent. Honestly, good tea and good bread is something I could live on, and on this alone I'd come back, which sounds insane. They were kind enough to keep refilling my tea, and at one point the waitress gave me fresh tea leaves as she didn't want the flavor to be lost in another steep. This action alone is one of pure excellence. And these aren't just any teas - it's proper stuff that goes in tea festivals and such. So good.We had the brussels sprouts for an appetizer. I'm not a fan of them as I think they're too bitter, but this restaurant made these things taste like heaven. I'm still in awe of how good they tasted. Is this the true potential of brussels sprouts? My word. Actually, all the veggies they had here were cooked to perfection. I never knew veggies could taste so delicious...I also don't usually like duck, but the duck confit was amazing. So crispy! So flavorful! HOW! We ordered all four entrees to share amongst ourselves and we were stuffed silly. Portions were excellent, and while prices aren't what I'm used to, I think they made sense for the quality of the dishes.We also ordered a the pavlova dessert, which was like eating a slightly hardened cloud. It melted in my mouth. How is it possible for a mandarin orange to taste so sweet? And the lime? And...just...how? HOW?All in all, it was a wonderful dinner. I'd definitely come back again if I could get reservations!
4.5 stars. We had dinner here last Saturday at 5:15pm, at which time they were about 1/3 full. By the time we left around 7pm, the place was packed.The Good:- super accommodating to our toddler. They gave us the last table by the kitchen/bathroom, which typically, people don't want. However, it was the most spacious, with a wrap-around booth and lots of pillows that were perfect for our son, who had just fallen asleep during the ride over. - service was so friendly and the staff was unassuming- decent wine and cocktail list. I was bummed I didn't get to try the market shots or the wine by the ounce.- tasty small plates, which I prefer over large entrees (though they did have a few entree items)- inexpensive Michelin-star dining- parking was easy (lots of metered parking around the restaurant)The Bad- hmmm, were there any? I mean, if you are claustrophobic then you might find the tables too tight.The dishes I ordered and got to taste (my hubby ordered his own so I can't speak to those): - beignets - nice and warm, not heavy at all- chickpea fritters - this was on many tips I found and though one tasted good, eating five was just too much. The texture is super dense, kind of like a denser rectangular block of tofu. I would say skip unless you share with the table and you eat two, max. - mushroom soup - really nice, creamy and tasty. Loved the dollop of creme fraiche but the fried oyster was just ok.- side of broccolini - the farro texture was amazing!- lumberjack cake - the BEST item of the night. I almost didn't order this as the description made it sound so heavy, and I already was beyond full. By the time I took my first bite, I was hooked. I tried to eat as fast as I could, before my brain caught up to my tummy. I am telling you, order this or you'll regret it!
For months, I kept walking by this restaurant, and my curiosity grew. Eventually I had the opportunity to come here with a good friend of mine because she wanted to try their Lumberjack cake. When we first arrived, I learned that they don't seat you unless your whole party is present. Lucky it was just the two of us. The bar seating area is super cramped. I was practically touching the guy sitting at the main bar behind me... but I guess I understand that Frances is trying to maximize seating in such a small and cramped restaurant location. As soon as we read the pay-what-you-drink wine policy, we just couldn't resist. They give you a carafe of the wine you choose, which has tick marks on the glass. They don't charge you for whatever you don't drink, which is dangerous... because I'm used to finishing whatever alcohol is sitting in front of me.As for the food, none of the entrees caught my eye, so we just ordered a few appetizers. The Bacon Beignets were disappointing... they were fresh and fluffy but the only thing bacon about them was the way they smelled. Definitely not what I was expecting. Fortunately the Panisse Frites made up for this. They were amazingly tasty, and I'm glad our waitress recommended them. The poblano romesco dipping sauce made the perfect pairing.Lastly was the Lumberjack cake. I was personally not a huge fan, but my friend liked it. After all it was the whole reason why we came. I'm not sure that I would come back to try their entrees (not tempting enough) but I have definitely recommended this restaurant to friends who wanted to bring their family or significant others here. Overall it was a great experience with incredible service.
It's tough to get a reservation here, so my hopes were high. We started off with the "Linguine 'Cacio e Pepe'" with pecorino romano, bloomsdale spinach, and pangrattato. Nothing amazing. Tiny portions. Next, the grilled calamari with garnet yam, mission olive, tapenade, and pimenton aioli. Same idea. Nothing amazing and tiny portions.For entrees, we got the american red snapper and the five-dot bavette steak. The five-dot bavette steak was solid, and the combination of king trumpet mushrooms and taleggio smashed potatoes was great. The red snapper was a bit overcooked, but all around much better than the appetizers.When you go here, I would avoid the appetizers, small plates, and desserts. Just go for the entrees! My low review really came down to the stark contrast of the appetizers, small plates, and desserts with the entrees. There's just such a difference.Also, service here sucks.This place is basically run by a bunch of rude, butch women. My server barely said a word to our table, and you could tell she didn't give a s*%$ about our dining experience. She had short blonde hair, was a little chubby, and wore a wedding ring. She was pretty rude and never followed up about a request we previously put in. Frances, you should work on training your staff to act more appropriately.
This place is good...so happy I picked this place for our anniversary. We got the following. 1. Bacon beignets -4/5 light and fluffy although the I wish it had more bacon flavor. 2. Calamari salad -5/5 perfect texture. Not chewy. I was so tempted to order a 2nd...3. Trumpet mushroom side - 5/5 4. Duck confit -4.5/5 - I thought this was really good. Better than what I've had in Paris. Crispy tasty and not overly heavy. Husband wished it was more fatty hence the -.5. 5. Red snapper -5/5 crispy later tender inside. Very tasty. 6. House red wine - 5/5 this was so good!!! Husband and I only planned on drinking 1/2 carafe but we finished 2!! Not heavy and flavorful. 7. Lumberjack cake 4.5/58. Bread pudding - 3.5/5 -a little too sweet for our tasteTotal was $179 :) good price for the amount of food. Awesome food in non pretentious atmosphere. Defiantly worth checking out!
On a Sunday night during Christmas holidays, I walked in to put our name down and got a table for 2 that night at a good hour. Reservations are highly recommended but try walk-ins if need to. Very Vegetarian friendly! Service is awesome! Such a cute small restaurant. They serve house wine by the ounce and you pay only for what you consumed!Here are the items we tried and we loved every one of them:- Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets- Panisse Frites- Charred Beet Salad - Spaghetti 'Cacio e Pepe' - Chickpea & Winter Squash 'Tagine'Highly recommend it! I would go there again (many times)!
Fantastic. We didn't have a reservation in advance but only had to wait 45 minutes--which felt like forever as I awkwardly stood and shamelessly gaped at people's food. Jesus, I hope I never have to go through that torture again. Fantastic menu with a wide variety of different meats, preparations, etc. We went with its famous beignets to start. No wonder these are everyone's favorite. AH! The mouth feel on these guys is crazy. Of course the menu changes all the time so I can't recall the names of the dishes, but we went with some of the more adventurous sounding entrees and did not regret it. The only thing I regret was not coming in with a greedier appetite. I found myself longingly staring at others' tables. Whole chicken/duck? Yes please. Even the homemade juice here was special. I highly, highly recommend this cozy gem and I'm dying to go to Fraces' sister restaurant, Octavia.
Awesome food. Plan ahead of time because this place gets packed and isn't easy to score a last minute reservation. It's a fairly small space, so expect to get roomy with your neighbors and/or guests in your group.Food:Little Gem SaladCelery Root SoupFarrotoSide CauliflowerPound CakePortions are meant to be shared, so I suggest coming with a group no larger than 4 people. Oh and dress appropriately -- guys, wear a dress shirt and proper pants. Don't roll through here with shorts and mess with the vibe.
Best thing happening in SF "consistently." Other spots pop-up, get a lot of press, flashy, SF-glamour, but Frances has never strayed from what is true: good food, prepared at the highest level is an art form. Simply put, Chef Melissa Perello is an artist. You owe it to yourself to surrender to her culinary magic.
I celebrated my birthday here with my 2 sisters and decided to choose this place based on the great reviews. My experience was really mixed and overall would give this place a 3.5 stars, but will have to round down.Ambience: Small and narrow space with tables very close to one another. I wouldn't say this place is easily accessible for anyone with a disability or someone who requires wide walking space since there is only one narrow pathway. Throughout the night I saw the waiters / waitresses shuffling against each other's backs and my sister struggle to get space to get in / out of the bathroom. While it didn't directly affect me because I chose to stay seated the entire time, I could see how this might be an unforeseen issue for some.We ordered the following:Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - 1 order comes with 5 mini ball-sized beignets. My sisters thought this was too salty, but I enjoyed how fresh and fluffy they were. Different and unique given the fact that I have only had sweet beignets, so I would say it's worth a try.Panisse Frites - I was expecting something more crispy and not a dish reminiscent of thick, mini loaves of mush. I would definitely pass on this. My sisters thought this was also pretty salty.Grilled Calamari - This was pretty good, but came in a very tiny portion. The amount of actual calamari received is small. This was enough for 3 people to taste if each share is approximately 1.75 small-ish bites.Mt Lassen Red Trout: The only highlight of the night. Perfectly soft, melt-in-your-mouth fish with a salty and perfectly crisped skin. I would have never thought to have this with curry but the flavors worked and it was delicious. I would definitely recommend this dish.Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak - these are small, but thick slices of steak. Very good, great flavor you expect in a steak, the only thing was that the meat was on the chewier side even at a medium rare.Sonoma Duck Conft - Huge disappointment. My duck was beyond dry and it was clearly visible that it was, even before I started cutting into it. I had a small bite and my sisters tried a taste - we all agreed it was super dry. I wrested back and forth in my mind whether or not it was worth the effort to say something to the server. My sisters had basically finished their entrees and I was just staring at my dry duck until I finally decided to speak up - after all, it was my birthday, I chose this restaurant, and I shouldn't have to endure through a dish I definitely hated as it was very obviously overcooked. My server kindly replaced my meal with a different one (I chose trout) and I'm glad I decided not to be the passive type that night because the trout was so much better than the duck and saved me from a night of quiet bitterness.Dessert selections were not too impressive, but I ordered 2 to try:Lumberjack Cake - This is one of the most highlighted dishes on Yelp. Not a fan. This is similar to a mushy apple pie cake and overall, it was very underwhelming. The only highlight was the muscovado ice cream which was very delicious, creamy, and unique.Dark Chocolate Crumb Pudding - My sisters loved this way more than the lumberjack cake, but beware, it is very rich and heavy. The chocolate sorbet was kind of gross in my opinion (reminiscent of frozen watery chocolate), but one of my sisters appreciated it. The espresso toffee was really good, but it only comes with a few shards of it.Service: No complaints here. Our server was courteous, friendly, prompt when I needed him and accommodating.Overall, a mildly disappointing birthday dinner, but at least I got a few good bites out of some of the dishes we ordered. Most likely, I would not return unless the entire menu was changed.
I cannot begin to describe how delicious this place is! I had never heard of Frances before, but was surprised and taken here for my birthday dinner! Apparently you should make a reservation wayy in advance for this place because it is super popular, even on weeknight!We walk into this cute small, restaurant and are created nicely by the host who asked if we wanted our jackets hung. Even though we arrived 15 mins early to our reservation, we were taken to our table right away. Since this place is small, the tables are very close to each other, but the delicious food makes up for all of that.To drink, we got the market shots (a cool concept where they take a fresh fruit from the market and create a concoction with alcohol and other spices) and I ordered one of the cocktails - didn't really stand out. Their house wine concept looked very interesting (they bring out a carafe filled with wine and you pay for however much you drink) but their tap was broken the day we went so I didn't get to try that.We ordered the garbanzo fritters, avocado & corn salad, squash fettuccine, and the mushroom & corn risotto. Some of the items on the menu change every day but everything that we ordered was great! The fritters and salad were great appetizers and they both balanced out each other; both were extremely fresh and I could've definitely eaten more. The squash fettuccine was probably my least favorite part of the meal but it was still great! The flavors were pretty subtle, but it was a good start to our main dishes. Now, the mushroom and corn risotto was DELICIOUS! So creamy and the corn added a nice crunch to the risotto, it was a perfect combination of all the flavors. Definitely recommend it!I loved loved loved this meal, and can't wait to come back for more. Because the menu is constantly changing, you're always in for a new treat. The wait-staff is so friendly and everyone really just wants you to enjoy your meal. I will be back Frances!
We came here as a special request and only just managed to get seats, and to be expected considering how incredible our meal was here.Between the three of us, we shared a few of bouchees, a few appetizers, one main and two desserts. Oh and two bottles of their house red (which, like many of other yelpers have said, is so so so so so so good). And of course, in my greediness, I only remembered to take 3 photos.. whoops!The menu is put together based on what's in season and the menu changes slightly every day. But one the dishes they're famous for are their bacon beignets and we all found out, why they're so famous. It's essentially a pillow cloud of deep fried goodness.Amazingly, it was not best dish we ordered. I mean it was good but the highlight for me was definitely the meyer lemon pavlova! Just enough sweet and tart, coming together in an explosion of flavours. Had I been alone, I would have licked the bowl clean!So do yourselves a favour and book yourselves in for meal!
What a wonderful spot! Food was really solid. Bacon beignets are a must. We also had the kale salad, red snapper with butter beans, steak with grilled lettuce and avocado and the lumberjack cake for dessert. The snapper was phenomenal. The ambiance really makes this place though - it's small and cozy with a nice intimate vibe. Will definitely be back!
This is only for juxtaposition to all the 5s'. A little light, on the shadow side.I'm a big fan of butter, cream, chives, & fried foods since they make EVERYTHING taste good. BUT, every...single...dish? Bit much. Very monotone. My body hated me every time I ate here. My arteries scream, "why did you do that to us, it wasn't yummy enough." Yes, always heeding the scale in foodie masochism... Even for the cut/style, the steak is too chewy... A lot of over salting... Those chickpea frites are so close to being something special... People always want to stop in, being that our hood is slightly foodie challenged. My body still sweats grease/butter from every pore, just thinking about it. Ew. One star is a little dramatic, bc it has a fantastic neighborly vibe and the food is very agreeable to the McD's constructed palette or someone more accustomed to punch-in-the-face-umami-sensory-stuffing. I just prefer my food to show off its unique flavoring while being highlighted by preparation technique or butter, etc..
This is hands down the best resturant experience I've ever had. It's expensive but totally worth it considering the excellent food and service. My boyfriend and I wanted a nice meal near Castro before wen went out to the bars so I found this place on Yelp. We walked in and the hostess. Asked if we had reservations, the place was full but when we told her no, we got a seat right at the bar which also happened to.look right into the kitchen which I thought was neat. During our dinner an older man had passed out (stroke maybe), and the staff still stayed very professional and avoided making a scene which I thought was very classy. The food was beyond delicious. I had the duck with brussel sprouts which was so flavorful and cooked perfectly. I will totally go back.
I finally had dinner here last night and am embarrassed by how much I ate (fat bitch!). The food was amazing! Each dish was innovative yet simply prepared to highlight seasonal specialties and the freshness of the ingredients was easily detected.-Panisse Frites were fluffy, warm and accompanied by a zesty harissa aioli. I love chickpeas, so this was right up my alley.-Onion Tart was the night's special. The super sweet caramelized onions tasted sensational with a fluffy dollop of bleu cheese on top.-Linguine & Charred Broccolini tasted delectable and kind of healthy! Win!-Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak looked like soft pink pillows atop a mountain of potatoes. This was DIVINE!-Sonoma Duck Breast had great flavor, but I would have preferred a crispy sear on the skin. Good, but not my favorite duck preparation.-'Lumberjack' Cake made me cream my pants. That's all you need to know.The steak and duck entrees were generously portioned, yet after all that food I still managed to force-feed myself the heavy dessert and left the restaurant feeling like a stuffed turkey. I'm kind of glad reservations are difficult to come by or I'd be here every weekend eating everything in sight and blowing up like a fat-ass.
After a great show at the Castro, my friend and I decided to stop by Frances for a quick meal. We decided to come by Frances since it was on the list (7x7 still) and it was nearby, we decided to pop in for a quick drink, a bit of food and dessert. First off, I love the wine policy here. If you get the house white or red, you basically pay as much as you drink. If you go out with some friends (like my good friend Stef C), we try not to drink a lot, but it does end up that way sometimes. Food: -Bacon Beignets: they were okay. They had a lot of bacon smell, but somehow I couldn't taste the bacon. The salty exterior was great, and the inside was soft and fluffy. The maple chive creme fraiche was amazing with the beignets. -Panisse Frites: we almost didn't get this, but we are so glad we did. The chickpea fritters were delicious and the poblano romesco sauce was very good as well. Definitely a must get. -Lumberjack cake: delicious! Definitely a lovely cake. The ice cream flavor didn't really work on it by itself, but with the cake, the flavors melded together lovely. Overall, my friend and I had a great time sitting at the bar, it's a bit cramped, but you can get some good space there. Gotta try some entrees next time!Protip: lumberjack cake!
They deserve a "0" star if Yelp has it. This is my 1st Yelp review that I would like to give this place , I actually have not have any chance try the food, the manager aka as hostess extremely rude and dishonest. 1st time visiting : We went there without reservation, the short hair host lady ( she told me she is the manager ) said " Oh, fully booked, sorry you guys only can sit at the bar and need waiting 1 hour and she will text us when the seat is ready, we waited 2 hours and still no text msg and phone call, that's ok, she probably busy and forgot. 2nd time visiting : ( 12/06/2015 raining day ) We still walked in without reservation, we know she will ask sit the bar and wait, lucky she told us only wait 30 mins, after 40 mins , we saw 3 party arrived after us and 2 party were seated, the short hair host lady ( she told us she is the manager ) still not seated us . I ask her what's going on, she lied to us those people came before us and we still need to wait another 15 mins. I don't trust dishonest people, and I will never come there ago, also I'll tell all my employees, friends and anyone I know , do not come there. The manager ( hostess) is not welcoming person.
Frances is perfect all the way from it's simple, minimalist, stylish decor to it's perfectly cooked and consistently delicious menu. The bacon beignets, The bavette steak, the lamb, the scallops, the padron peppers, the little gems salad, the house wine, the wine list, the beer list, the service, the ambiance, the cleanliness, the friendliness, the comfortability, the romance, the everything. The Phantom didn't know that one restaurant could be so consistently perfect and has never had anything short of absolutely delicious at Frances. What's more is that the intimacy of it's layout just seems to always make every meal special and the staff couldn't be any more friendly. Is Frances the best restaurant in San Francisco?Five Stars For Frances!frances-sf.com
I think I thought Frances was going to knock my socks off. The space itself is really pretty, just almost minimalistic which has an air of elegance to it. Their simplistic approach sets the stage for a beautiful meal. We started with the beignets which were as amazing as everyone talks about. Just delicious. I had the raspberry wine cocktail and my husband had beer so we can't really comment on the wine. I was hopeful they would have had cocktails at this restaurant but no luck unfortunately; wine and beer only. The raspberry cocktail wasn't that good, just FYI.  My husband had the Grilled Bavette Steak which was to be medium rare but it was closer to rare. It was also tough which I found strange given it's one of their most talked about dishes. It was hard to chew and therefore made it not quite as enjoyable. For another $10 - $15, we would have paid for a nicer piece of meat. I had the duck confit which was really, really nice with the kale, bacon, frisee and I think it had something else in it, maybe sweet potatoes? Surprisingly though, my husband and I both felt the portions were too large for as upscale of a restaurant as Frances is. Neither of us could finish our meals. If we go again, I would definitely split a main, have the beignets and finish off with a nice dessert rather than being stuffed with the main course. It's good, go to Frances but don't get your hopes up beforehand. Lastly, our waiter was okay, he was a little odd at times in that, I'm trying to be a good waiter by not putting you on a pedestal and acting super casual because I'm cool and we're in SF so that's the cool way to do it. Just be a normal waiter, I'm paying a fair chunk of change for this meal so greet me with a little more professionalism.
Where do I even start...Frances has been my go-to restaurant for the past 2 years, and I've eaten here once a month without a fail since.Trying to impress a date?Trying to celebrate a birthday? Got promoted at work? And the above examples are all real (and now I haven't been paid by them to write this).Walk into this cosy restaurant (make sure you have a reservation), and get sat by one of the awesome staff members. Start off with the Josey Baker bread (oh The Mill, you'll always hit the spot) with some salted butter, and you know it's going to be a good night. Order a market shot to whet your appetite, followed by a carafe of the house red. Be careful with those carafes though, you end up drinking way more than you had anticipated.Every time I've been here we've ended up with the steak (garnishes and prep changes often), and the fish (fish and prep changes often). Lets not forget the chickpea fritters that you MUST order (with a bomb dipping sauce), the bacon beignets (the beignets by themselves are meh, but add the dipping sauce and you've got an orgasmic combination in your mouth), and the lumberjack cake for dessert. Add to that a warm and welcoming staff, women running the kitchen, and a cosy environment, and you've got a winning combination.See you in a few weeks, Frances
I visited Frances once many years ago, and in the time since, it has won a lot of awards, and gotten a lot of press, making it very difficult to score a reservation. But luckily I was able to visit again recently, and it's as good as I remember. The thing with Frances is that it doesn't really matter what you order, the menu changes so much that it's impossible to recommend anything. But trust that the kitchen is extremely skilled, and will make you a fantastic dinner. The items we ordered- chickpea fritters, corn 'begniets', and steak were all cooked perfectly, with a light touch that perfectly expresses the Californian culinary spirit.If you can get a reservation, go! Bring a date ;-)
Two words. Bacon beignets. I believe this is the most popular item on the menu and I can see why. I tried the beignet alone and it was just okay but once dipped in the side of creme fraiche sauce, it completely changed the dish. The flavors complement each other very well. Also ordered the kale salad and beef with potatoes which were both very good. Another recommendation would be the onion tart appetizer, very light and fluffy pastry with carmelized onions and cheese. A+We didn't have reservations so sat at the bar but the service was good. The restaurant itself is really nice and clean as well.
They had to seat us 45+ mins after our actual reservation time because some annoying diners just wouldn't end their heated discussions after paying the bill... But the restaurant staff was very apologetic and it was out of their control.Food was very good!!! We ordered nearly everything on the menu because we were starving obviously... I was thoroughly impressed :) can't go wrong with any dish!
Wow what a great restaurant in a city of great restaurants. Located in the Castro. Vegetarian friendly menu.Applewood smoked bacon beignets with maple chive Bremen fraiche for dipping should be illegal it is so good.We also orderedLacinato kale salad Roasted mushroom soupFive dot ranch Babette steakSonoma duck confitRoasted iacopi Brussel sproutsEverything was great. The duck , mushroom soup and Brussel sprouts were particularly well prepared .Desserts as well as everything else were shared.The Lumberjack cake is their signature dessert and did not disappoint.The dark chocolate bread putting with banana and salted Carmel ice cream was the table favoriteIt is so rare to find Pavlova so we had to order the Meyer Lemon pavlova. It was the best I had outside of New Zealand.Service was efficient and friendly. A special shout out to Sarah. She made our evening truly special.
I researched long and hard before making my dinner reservations for the week I would be spending in SF and Frances came to the top of the list in terms of affordability and positive reviews. I wanted excellent food but I wasn't in the mood to dole out the cash required for one of the many tasting-menu experiences that SF offers. Enter, Frances. I loved the rustic atmosphere upon entering, but I did notice that it was rather sweltering on this particularly warm San Francisco night. We decided to order everything family style. We started with the grilled calamari and kale salad. The kale salad was full of peaches, refreshing and large. The calamari was not memorable.We also ordered the duck and the risotto for entrees. I don't always love duck but this duck was incredible with turnips and farro and was excellently prepared. The skin was nice and crisp and there was not too much fat to cut around. The risotto was done with mushrooms and corn risotto with Chanterelles, king trumpet confit and basil pesto. It was a slightly different take than the Italian risotto that I am accustomed to but it was still good. The pavlova for dessert was so wonderful I thought we were going to fight over the last bite! The perfect summer dessert. Based on others reviews I thought prices would be a bit lower but this is definitely a pricey restaurant.
I will say that the service was outstanding, and it did seem like the chef was trying really hard. I think though that they were just trying to hard to be different, and that got in the way of it being good. Wierdly every dish we tried had a burnt flavor to it, they called it smoked or charred but it really just tasted like someone burnt toast and scrapped it onto everyhing. We started with the bacon beignets and the chutney dipping sauce. The sauce was unmemorable, and the frietes were okay, but mostly they were just mushy bean paste,,,we had a second appetiser, i forgot what it was called but it had carrots and seafood, again with way too much paprika and burnt toast on it...I got the red snapper which was not prepared well, and it was sat in a terrible sauce with WAY too much spices that did not medly.we also got the bok choy, this was the only this that was good, it was delicious orange in a yogurt, and then they added the bok choy, poorly cooked, a bit burnt, not cut up at all just big pieces straight into the dish. So now you have delicious desert you eat with a spoon, combined with a big unweildy piece of veg in a bowl, so you cant cut it, really....i think this place has high stars because people like the service, and the way the menu tries to sound super elite, but for the price of the food, it was terrible!!!i would not recomend this place at all!!
Reserved in advance on Open Table and arrived 15 minutes early. They had me a table ready for us prior to that so we sat down waiting for the other friends to arrive.Ambience of this place is nice and it felt like you were somewhere in Manhattan in a fancy restaurant.We started with table red wine which was sold by the ounce; it was excellent red wine.We started off with the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets and Panisse Frites (much like French fries but soft on the inside). Both were crispy and tasty.For appetizers we had Sierra Fig & Early Girl Tomato Panzanella and Roasted Fennel & Tomato Chowder. Both were delicious.For my main, I had the Mushroom Risotto; as a Risotto fan I would have it again. One thing that would have brought it over the top is if it was a slight more creamy. For my side I had the roasted carrots with Bulgarian feta and black sesame; that added a nice touch to the meal.For desserts, we shared the lumberjack cake and dark chocolate torte. Both were excellent as they came with ice cream.Overall, the ambience, the service and quality of food is excellent. I would come again for the Quail which looked really good from afar.
I had really high hopes for Frances. I've walked past this place three or four times before, always stepping in during prime dinner times to try and snag a seat only to be told there's a one hour wait. But Lady Luck was on my side when I stopped in last night -- no wait! I ordered the roasted duck breast with cipollini, persimmon, chestnut puree, and jus. Duck is one of those things I love and I think is fairly easy to cook. And while Frances definitely sources their duck from a good vendor, their kitchen is clumsy with the preparation. My piece of duck was too fatty and rare, both undertrimmed and undercooked. My teeth got such a workout from chewing that I had lockjaw upon leaving the restaurant. The vegetables were under roasted as well. For $30, is it so much to ask for tender vegetables?!?!On the plus side, it was a tremendously generous portion of meat and the skin was nicely seasoned and just a tad crispy. The browning reactions on the meat provided intense ducky flavor that I enjoyed. A glass of red paired well with the beautifully plated entree.But for the price, I was hoping for a lot better.
Have eaten here on several occasions and could not rate Frances any lower than five stars. The food and service are fantastic. I feel that the waiters and waitresses try to foster a genuine connection with the patrons and I have always felt welcome. I would recommend specific menu items but the food here changes seasonally (and I have yet to eat something that I did not like, so to recommend a singular is silly). That being said, if they have the Lumberjack Cake, ORDER IT! Fantastic, dense cake with rich, complex notes of caramel drawn out even further by the turbinado sugar in the ice cream. The fruit featured in the cake changes seasonally.The only notable downside would be that the atmosphere and small, intimate setting is not conducive to larger parties which makes Frances more of a "date night" restaurant as opposed to a family get-together.
I read Jeremy S's review on Frances and vowed to come here one day. That was back in 2010, and since then, Yelpers Bailey Z and recently David G had great experiences. Not knowing where to eat the day after Christmas, I suggested we head out to the Castro. We were also taking a gamble since reservations are a must. However, they do have counter seating, and we lucked out and only had to wait about 10 minutes.Our friendly and sweet server, Melissa, was a little excited that it was our first time dining. We started with a bottle of Santa Giustina wine, Barbera/Croatina, and the signature bacon beignets. Both were a great start to an amazing evening. We both ordered the Bavette steak and it came out on top of seasoned farro, and it was very tender and flavorful. And for dessert, I had the lumberjack cake and the partner had the chocolate stout cake. Both were delicious, but we did like the chocolate one more. It reminded me of chocolate souffle. We also ordered two espressos and it was a great way to end the meal.One of the things we loved was after each course, a young woman came by to wipe the area clean. The inside is pretty cozy. Reminded me of places in New York where you're sitting almost in each others laps...LOL! There is only one bathroom but it is nice. I love the individual cloth hand towels! I made two new friends that evening; a gentleman when we sat down because we were sort of back to back, and after they left, a young woman in the same situation with me. But both were friendly...C'est la vie!Frances is located off the beaten path and it looks like it is frequented by many locals and neighbors. I can't wait to return and visit my new friend, "Frances."
Quaint restaurant serving French dishes that look simple but executed very well. Started with appetizers that were a bit ordinary and higher on the price range. Beignets were fluffy and rich with bacon fat but at $8 I expected more than 5 marbles of them. Same story for the $14 mushroom soup, though the fried oyster adds a nice touch. The entrees were excellent in taste and portion. Duck confit was perfectly textured with a great mustard sauce and the bavette steak was ever so tender. Finished with the delicious, renowned lumberjack cake paired with the muscovado ice cream which I thought was even more interesting than the cake itself.
It was with much excitement that I anticipated my birthday meal at Frances. Let me just some it up. The food was fantastic and I would have given that a 5. The service was actually terrible and that's why I came to a 3 (1+5 = 6 divided by 2 = 3). I sometimes wonder if we got terrible service because we were two women (women, I guess, don't tip as well, you know 79 cents to the dollar gender wage gap, so I personally make it my mission to dispel that stereotype and we even tipped 20% despite the service.) I had to actually ask for bread and then I got attitude and I think that made them ignore us even more. Don't get pissed at me because you screwed up! I hope they allow take out, I've got to have those bacon beignets and brussels sprouts again.
Definitely a fan of this place. Reservations are impossible... I was by myself so I ate at the bar. The vibe is good... a slight pretension but not off-putting. It was more like a confident cool sophistication. I like the tone of this place. The cocktail I had was top notch. The Cranberry Ritz. Lillet, Hard Cider, Ginger? um yes! (I had 2) Next came the Bacon Beignets with...wait for it.... Maple Chive Creme Fraiche. I can't... Then there was Mushroom soup. A fried oyster and a dollop of creme fraiche came to the table and was given a creamy mushroom soup bath right before my eyes. (Every once in a while the expediter deserves a chance to shine.) All this was in anticipation of the Bavette steak (I had seen pics). I mean this dish photographs well. The wait for this course was getting a bit long so since I've never eaten a bavette steak I turned to the Google. Flap steak, similar a flank steak... takes marinade well...usually in kabobs and skewers. Uh oh... Well it finally arrived and it looked amazing. However, it was relatively flavorless and on the tough side. I was bummed. Several slices were siting proudly atop roasted mushrooms, baby carrots and a velvety creamy polenta. Why, I thought, did they not put a gorgeous cut in this dish? Why chance it on a cut that "takes salt and marinades well" and can be iffy when its not the right piece. I actually told this to the waiter in the nicest way I could. He took my criticism very well. He was not put on the defensive at all. Ok on to dessert. The recommendation from said waiter was the lumberjack cake. Dense and sweet, it was delicious. Needs coffee as a accompaniment for sure. I just read Gianna S.'s review...we had such a similar experience. However the bar was not crowded when I was there. I would have knocked the elbowey girl off her barstool. I'll be back. When the check came the water had removed the steak. Not the reason for complaining. It was a very nice gesture for a restaurant with a lofty reputation. They realize that a restaurant's longevety relies on repeat business and positive word of mouth. I liked this place. I'll be back.
Salty, salty, salty. I have never eaten at a restaurant that I couldn't eat the food because it was too salty. Also, I couldn't even chew the steak-/so tough!!! Servers were great, but they were running around to get their work done,so it wasn't relaxing at all. Seating way too close together. Trying to make as much money as possible. Skip this place. There are hundreds of better places to eat
My husband and I almost NEVER venture to the City unless we absolutely have to because we hate driving through the infamous traffic. One of his best friends always raves about this place and they frequent this place so much that it had piqued my interest to actually go into the City for a change and try this place out.We had arrived super early because we knew parking would be a pain - luckily, we found a spot fairly close to the restaurant so we waited patiently outside with all the other patrons that had also arrived early for their dinner seating.Dinner was quite an amazing experience - every single item off of the menu was delicious and the service was impeccable. I really love the decor inside - there is basically nothing to complain about. I can't really believe that I'm saying this but I actually would definitely come back and battle through City traffic just to try this place again!
Frances is one of those restaurants you might expect in Chicago or somewhere else on the east coast. The longer-than-wide room, the dim lighting, and a crowd that seems a bit more educated and stylish than other places. Well, we are in the castro. Good food and good wine and good company.The surprising par about Frances is not the deliciously succulent duck, but the reasonable pricing attached to all the menu items. You can have a rather nice date night at a good price, without compromising the quality and taste.Definitely get the duck. It is quite perfectly cooked and seasoned.
- red blend house wine by the oz! $1/1oz not bad, but not the best, either.- overrated: bacon beignets- underrated: red trout, bavette steak, sonoma duck, panisse fries- do order: pasta, gnocchi (so good), cornbread in a bowl (stole the show)- don't order: chicory salad and quail (both kinda boring, but not terrible)
Last year, the roommate and I were going to be in the area for a friend's event. Since it was going on right after work, he mentioned we should have dinner afterwards nearby. Lucky for me, I found a table for two on OpenTable a couple days before the event! Of course I snagged it right away since finding a reservation for Frances back then was super difficult.Drinks:Market shot ($3)Frances white wine ($1 per ounce)Frances red wine ($1 per ounce)The Market shot was super fresh with just a hint of booze. Not really my type of drink, but I wanted to try it. Their house red and white were a great value as you get a bottle with ounce markers and are only charged for what you drink. And the quality was pretty good for a house wine at $1 per ounce.Food:Baked cherrystone clams ($7)Squid ink tagliatelle ($13)Applewood smoked bacon beignets ($7)Creamy spinach soup ($12)Salad of spring greens ($12)Sonoma duck breast ($27)Five-dot bavette steak ($27)Yes, two people ordered all this food! I really enjoyed the clams, soup and our entrees. The clams were a nice size and I do love my shellfish. The soup was delicious! Nice and creamy with great spinach flavor. The entrees were cooked perfectly. I love my meat and these dishes didn't disappoint. The roommate liked the bacon beignets since he's the bread eater. And who doesn't love bacon?!Frances is definitely a must try when in SF. So glad I was able to get a reservation!
I have been fortunate enough to come to Frances twice in the past year despite living all the way across the country. I can unequivocally say that it is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at. It hits every single thing I look for in a restaurant: 1. Inventive, constantly shifting, seasonal food that doesn't veer to far into the zany. Just rustic, solid, perfectly executed dishes.2. An appropriate price point to quality. You can actually go here on the relative reg and not end up homeless.3. The right size. Frances is basically a converted painted lady by my best guess (townhouse) that they put a small restaurant in. Because of this it feels really intimate, it is never too croweded, and the food is able to be consistently at a high standard. Service, too. I'm sure the chef could, if she wanted, run a 500 table monster in the Financial District but she chooses a small, neighborhoody feel.4. I don't always drink wine, when I do it is at Frances. The house blends are so solid and affordable...Final tips - bacon beignets are original and signature. Entrees shift seasonally (if not more frequently), but I've had whatever beef/steak they're offering both times I attended and loved them.
YUMMMM! frances has been on my list for a while now. reservations are quite hard to come by for weekends! but i made one for 5:15 pm (lol) on a saturday, showed up ono time, and found that there were quite a few open seats at the bar, so we did that instead. lol. there is a good view of the kitchen action if you get those seats. but man, this cozy little place is poppppular! it was 100% full by 6 pm on saturday.anyhoooo -- we started with market shots, which were refreshing. asked for bread - also really good. tried the linguine  la marinire - a nice appetizer portion and it was delish. the noodles were perfectly cooked, the mussels not sandy (normally i dont like mussel dishes), with a nice cream sauce. yummmm-o! also tried the crab salad with warm beets, a bouchee for $8 - boy really liked this, i was somewhat not as impressed. meep. onto the entrees - i ordered the duck breast - medium rare and so juicy! special of the night was grilled lamb t-bones with a pesto sauce, so boy got that, and was pretty happy with it. we shared a side of broccoli with sieved egg - very intentive! then there was house wine - served in a flask and measured in ounces (though other options are available - pretty long wine list! anyhoooo - we got 27 ounces. HAHAHA. by far the most expensive item on the bill. which brings me to the price point of frances. it's completely reasonable considering the quality of the dishes, the ingredients, anddd the amount of food that they give you! well done! i told boy that the dishes remind me of gary danko, without the price tag, which is a pretty good compliment i daresay.the chef is opening a new restaurant where the old baker and banker space was. excited to try that!
4.5 stars. Cute little restaurant. We went on a Thursday night and the place was packed (made reservation weeks in advance). We waited a few minutes and we were seated in the corner table, perfect for a date night. I always think of snapping photos after my meal. So you'll have to check out other yelpers pics. We started with the mixed chicory salad and the grilled calamari. Salad was delicious. My bf liked the calamari but didn't see the sauce at the bottom of the bowl until he was almost done. He had the duck which he enjoyed. I had the steak and thought it was phenomenal. Wished they had a full bar/cocktail selection but the house wine was good. Would definitely recommend this place.
F . ffffingR . ravingA . aboutN . nuancedC . culinaryE . experienceS . saturday(^_^) Bacon Beignets(^_^) Spoonbread(^_^) Duck(^_^) #btmls Iced Tea(^_^) Avocado(^_^) Platinum Blonde(^_^) Pixie CutDon't rsvp beezys.Walk on the wild side.Stay gold foodyboy.
Frances is a totally SF restaurant - new american, good wine list, cozy, and reservations highly recommended (book in advance of at least a few weeks if you don't want to be eating dinner at 10pm). We had reservations but still had to wait a bit - but no big deal. We didn't wait too long before being seated by our friendly hostess. What we ordered: the beignets were small but done very well - crispy on the outside and soft/buttery on the inside. They were a bit on the salty side, but I love me some salt. The kale salad was good, if you like that sorta thing (I don't, but my date did). We had the bavette steak and the duck breast, both of which were really good and cooked perfectly. I didn't really care for the toasted farro that the duck lay on, but that was probably the only thing I didn't like. We didn't opt for dessert because we were so full, but I definitely enjoyed the food here. PS - The restroom was HUGE and very clean.
I order the kale salad, panisse frites, mushroom soup and the bavette steak. The curry sauce perfectly complemented the chickpea fritters. The steak was incredibly tender and flavorful. I would recommend the salad and soup, but they were not particularly noteworthy. I'll definitely be coming back.
The best part was definitely the applewood smoked BACON BEIGNETS!!! Wow, they were so crunchy on the outside, yet slightly moist and fluffy on the inside. Not too salty at all, just a nice savory, bacon-y flavor that the chive creme fraiche complimented extremely well. I think I need two orders of this next time as each order only came with five! I was savoring every little bite.The other dishes weren't as impressive though. I thought the lobster mushroom linguine appetizer was a bit too salty (especially from the mushrooms). The acclaimed bavette steak was a bit bland. And the stuffed quail had an interesting texture on the inside (almost like a pureed steamed pork). My favorite part was actually the veggies that came with the stuffed quail -- white corn and chantrelle mushrooms as well as padrn peppers!!The next best part came at dessert. We ordered the 'plaisir sucre' with carmelized pear, dark chocolate, walnut dacquoise, cocoa toffee. We thought it was going to be a light layered cake, but it turned out to be a pretty dense brownie-like texture. Still SO GOOD though. They also surprised me with a birthday candle, even though it wasn't my birthday. There are good mistakes in the world, and this was one of them. ;) All in all, a good two hours well spent at Frances! P.S. There was plenty of bar seating for groups of 1-2 up until about 7pm on a Sunday evening, in case you didn't make a reservation and would like to treat yourself to a nice meal.
Panisse frites appetizer was perfect. Duck confit was really delicious. Bread was very nice but the poppy seed pound cake was dry and poor texture. Well prepared food was marred by pretentious waiter...It was truly a shame!
Just like all the reviews, food was great bla bla bla. My GF's steak was a little on the "shoe leather' side.Didn't know they took phone rezzis so walked in at 9:15. Waited 45 minutes for 2 shitty bar seats and were seated at 10PM. All the apps came for the most part on a timely basis.Entrees arrived at..............11:05PM. Nobody said anything but near the end of this debacle I sensed they knew we had been dropped into a black hole.ONE STAR is all I could muster. No need to respond I know....shit happens.
I'll keep it short since I echo everyone else praises..I loved the food! Every dish was a little unique..and full of flavor. Service was great, too. I am already looking forward to my next dinner here!
At Frances, the menu changes daily, but this neighborhood gem continuously offers modern California dishes based on ingredients from local markets, farms, and producers.Nestled in a cozy setting on a side street in The Castro, Frances offers diners a casual atmosphere with an ever-changing array of delicious selections. Based on her experience at Charles Nob Hill and Fifth Floor, Chef Melissa Perello generally turns out consistently tasty dishes. Be aware, it is almost as difficult to get reservations at Frances as it is at Gary Danko or The French Laundry. While walk-ins are welcomed at the ten-seat counter on a first-come, first served basis, don't hold your breath.The dynamic menu usually offers four or five selections in each of bouches (bites), appetizers, entres, and sides. The intensely flavorful applewood smoked bacon beignets ($8) with chive-spiked crme frache are a delicious way to begin a meal. The silken roasted cauliflower and fennel soup ($10) is refined by a dollop of Pickled Lady apples and house yogurt. The fresh, crisp chickory salad ($11) with slightly acidic mixed winter citrus is boosted by Fuerte avocado and Castelvetrano olives and a scattering of almonds. With charred broccolini, celeriac, soft egg, and espelette chili, the Iacopi butter bean casserole ($22) was greasy and confused---a rare miss in the world of Perello. For dessert, choose the rough-textured, but hugely flavorful lumberjack cake ($9) with apple, coconut, Medjool dates, and Muscovado ice cream.Service is sometimes friendly, sometimes aloof. Pacing is somewhat haphazard, with some dishes arriving quickly and others lagging. Can this be forgiven is a casual restaurant? Yes, but it is a shame Perello's front-of-the-house is not as in control as her kitchen.Frances deserves to be a hot ticket. Go if you can, and be prepared to experience good, food and casual dining, not a white tablecloth experience with seamless service.
Before visiting San Francisco, I came across Frances on a list of the best restaurants in the area. I made a reservation almost two months in advance, and I am so glad I did! When we arrived to the restaurant there was a mass of people waiting for the door in hopes of getting a seat at the counter.The dining experience was nothing short of amazing. I wish I remembered our waitress' name because she was great. We started with the bacon beignets which had the perfect salt and crunch ratio. I ordered the duck breast and my sister had the steak. Both were served medium rare and were absolutely perfect. We finished with the buttermilk panna cotta which was just as well made as everything else.I will be dreaming about this perfect meal and sister date, probably forever:
I've cooked in Michelin Star (Sweden) and this food is off the charts. Very impressed with textures, flavors, and plating. I chose to order all four bouchees + two desserts. So glad I did. I had to tell the women in the kitchen before I left how spectacular it was.I will come back here, but more importantly, I'll tell my closest friends to go too.
Unique calamari salad, followed by perfect duck confit. Engaging but not obsequious server. It was worth the late night reservation.
Such a cute, intimate, neighborhood place. Its classy and nice enough to be romantic, but also accessible enough for a casual evening. I went with a group of four and we really enjoyed eating family style even though its not necessarily that kind of restaurant. Loved the chickpea fries (can't remember the actual name) and the Kale Salad was outstanding. The house wine is always pretty cheap and solid...at least the red option.They also have some great hot tea selections.For the main course, we split the pesto pasta, mushroom risotto, and steak. Absolutely loved the risotto. It was my favorite dish of the night! The pasta was also very solid. I wasn't wild about the steak, but I'm also not a red meat person. I eyed a few other diner's dishes and thought the quail looked delicious.We were too full for dessert but I would love to go back and try it.Our service was great. Meal was quite expensive but not surprising.This place is worth a visit!
I love Frances. It is one of those rare places that nails it on all the things you'd want a restaurant to nail it on, but then has just that little extra hard-to-define specialness that sets it apart from your average California cuisine, fancy-ish kind of joint. The other places I'd put into this category are also among my San Francisco faves: Foreign Cinema, Delfina, L'Ardoise. OK, so let's try to define it's specialness. First, there are the market shots. I don't know why every restaurant doesn't copy this and also why I don't copy this at home. They take the juice of a fruit that's in season, mix it with some booze, and boom, you have a great $3 start to your meal. Don't think twice about this one: automatic order one for each person. Then, there is the food. I'm a little tired of the food-arranged-by-tweezers kind of thing, but I certainly appreciate interesting ingredients put together nicely. Frances hits that sweet spot of unfussy presentations of delicious things that you wouldn't easily be able to recreate at home. And the menu changes often, so you can go back again and again to see what they've concocted in their magic kitchen. You do have to make some hard choices on what to choose from the list of mini-apps, apps, mains and sides. For two hungry people, we've gone with 1 or two mini-apps (bouches, I think they call them), 1-2 apps, 2 mains and a side. This will get you very full and likely carrying a doggy bag home, but also lets you try a lot of things.Like the food, the servers are similarly unfussy. They're helpful, laid back and very good at making you comfortable. If there is a downside, it's that it's no secret that this place is great for pretty much everyone. I've had little trouble getting a weeknight reservation a couple weeks out, but the coveted Friday or Saturday dinner slots are hard to come by. I haven't tried it, but they do have a handful of counter spots and I'll bet that if you show up when they open, you have a fairly good chance of snagging a walk-in seat most nights.Don't change, Frances, you're the best.
We were given a gift certificate to Frances, wow thank you!! We had a great dinner in a fun, casual, lively atmosphere. It was smaller than I expected but the tables and setting make this a fun restaurant. We started with the chick pea fries and aioli, so nice with the wine we ordered. I had the chicory salad with roasted citrus, so good' my husband had the kale salad, huge potions, probably should have split a salad and gotten one of the delicious sounding sides. The duck was perfectly prepared, my husband had the steak, with crispy onions. Everything was delicious, can't wait to go back. Although we ordered a really nice French Syrah, next time I will try their house wines sold by the ounce. The service was excellent, great neighborhood restaurant.
Absolutely delicious meal. We had the bacon beignets which were smokey, full of bacon flavor, and soft on the inside. Then moved on to the calamari salad-great flavor, char, and texture. Next was the tagliatelle pasta-this was not bad but not our favorite. Best dish of the night was the quail entree! Service was also amazing. We had reservations at 8:15 and they were running a little late but kept us posted. Hen when we were seated the brought out some chickpea fries which were awesome. Great meal-will definitely go back!
Been waiting to try this place for a while now. Finally got a reservation and it was for my best friend birthday. Overall my experience was pretty good. Service was good. Small and tight spaces but overall the ambiance was good. I like restaurants like this. We started out with their daily Juice Shots. Watermelon juice special, spiced and spiked, yum! They had two specials that night. A Tomato Tart and a also Salmon Belly dish. Both were filled with lots flavor and they were delicious. So lucky I asked our waiter because it was just added on. My reservation was at 630pm, prefect timing. We also ordered the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets, which was not greasy and you can taste the bacon. Awesome! Our last appetizer was the Chanterelle Mushroom Linguine. Not heavy and just enough flavor to carry us over to our entrees. As for our entrees my best friend had the Marin Coast King Salmon. He really like his dish. Very flavorful, moist and worked well with the combination of radish and creme frachie. I had the Stuffed Tolenas Farm Quail. The Padrn Chile was amazing and it went so prefect with the Quail. For the sides, we got the White Corn Spoonbread and Caponata. The cornbread was super yummy but the caponata was okay. Was hoping for a little bit more flavor aka in the eggplant.  We ended the night with the Lumberjack Cake for me and the birthday boy got the Plaisir Sucre. You must get the Lumberjack Cake! The cake was warm and awesome with the yummy Muscovado ice cream. Super delicious!
I went here with my husband to celebrate our anniversary. The food was spectacular! I had the best quail I've ever eaten. The appetizers and small plates were inventive and beautifully presented. My only comment is that our table was so close to the others that it was rather awkward getting in and out and it was hard to hear my husband from across our small table.
Frances never disappoints. If you want fine dining in the Castro this is the place to go. Love the food! The minus 1 star is for the staff not handling a group of four, thirty something woman who drank too much booze on 10/14 and thought Frances was TGIF! They were loud, pretentious, annoying and swore like little kids who thought they were getting away with something. Diners looked over, rolled eyes, but staff said nothing to them. Two people were even moved to another table to get away from them. Luckily once the over drinkers got served a little food, they settled down. I remember my first beer! The staff should have at least given them some bread to soak up the sloppiness of these women who disrupted the experience for other diners paying top price for fine dining.
I read somewhere that Chef Melissa Perello named her restaurant Frances in honor of her grandmother.I couldn't think of a more lovely tribute. :-)Grandma Frances would be super proud of the top-notch cuisine served at her eponymous restaurant. Simple yet profoundly delicious, this cuisine made for a lovely evening meal -- and make Frances my favorite restaurant in SF right now.I dropped by Frances as it was opening at 5pm. The dining room was entirely reserved, but I was able to sit at the window counter -- a perfect vantage point from which to people-watch.To start, I had a glass of Sauvignon blanc, which I sipped while nibbling on Frances' famous Applewood smoked bacon beignets with maple chive crme frache. These may be the closest thing that Frances has to a signature item, and they're to die for. The beignets are light and airy, and the bacon flavor is potent but not overwhelming. The beignets are definitely best with a generous dollop of crme frache, which contrasts perfectly with the warm and savory bacon.For my entree, I had summer vegetable casserole (more of a cassoulet), with squash, fregola, and sungold tomatoes. This dish was a stunningly beautiful and colorful collection of local farmers' market produce. It had so much awesome flavor that I totally forgot it was vegetarian.For dessert, I had the lumberjack cake with stone fruit, dates, and Muscovado ice cream. The textures on the dessert were lovely, from the crumbly cake to the sticky dates to the silky ice cream. I also adored the hot+cold combo, as well as the subtle (not overwhelming) sweetness of the dish.Service was friendly and gracious. My server had the timing between courses down to a fine art.What an amazing meal. Bravo to Chef Perello, and to her Grandma Frances!!!
Dined yesterday for Valentine's day; prix fixe meal. The food was good; although, not outstanding, it was enjoyable. The big disappointment was the wine pairing for $50.00 each; it was more like wine tasting. There was about 2-3 sips of wine for each glassed served with the food; literally in one pairing my glass had about 1/2 inch of wine in it (served with appetizer). We both started laughing; but in the end not too funny when you pay $350.00 for a meal, and ended up in total, without exaggeration, the quantity, at best, being 1 glass of wine each if you combined all the pairings.
The food is 5 stars, everything we had was delicious but it's hard to be comfortable when the tables are so closed together. The tables are so closed together, you are literally having dinner with the people sitting next to you. I would go again and request a side table
Frances, like so many other places in SF, has been on my list for quite awhile. It took a special occasion, aka my birthday!, to venture out for dinner here. I made my rez a little over a month before, but maybe that's because I wanted to eat early Sunday evening so I could get back home in time for the sun to still be out and I wouldn't miss Game of Thrones.Things started off well here, since we were seated immediately. One thing that I have sort of a personal problem with is the extremely tight seating configuration so many SF restaurants are challenged with, so for the people who sat next to us who put up with my ranting about my life's problems, I'm sorry. We brought our own wine ($20 corkage), and got down to ordering right away.We were both pretty hungry, so we kicked dinner off with the bread that was getting passed around, and ordered the following:Appetizers:- Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets w/ Maple Chive Crme Frache: Easily one of the best things we ate all night. I love bacon, and I love beignets, so this was a dreamy combo for me!- Roasted Turnip Empanada - Sultana Raisin, Salsa Verde: I was so-so on this, but Greg liked it. The crispy dough was definitely good.- Linguine 'Carbonara' - Smoked Chicken, English Peas, Parmesan and Cream: Surprisingly, the thing that made this dish the best was the peas! This was a perfect dish to share, and the serving size per person was on point for an appetizer.Mains:- Bavette Steak - Charred Broccolini, Spigariello Pesto, Fingerling Potato, Crme Frache: We ordered two mains with the intention on sharing. The dish was good, but the thing I loved the most was the pesto sauce. Otherwise, this was a good dish, but at the end of the day, just a steak dish.- Chicken Roulade - Baby Kale, Roasted Spring Vegetables, Brown Butter Vinaigrette: In the spirit of wanting to be "healthier" or at least pay more attention to chicken, I ordered this dish. I normally am a steak dinner person, but I thought that the chicken roulade was the better main of the two.Dessert:- 'Lumberjack' Cake - Stone Fruit, Coconut, Medjool Date, Muscovado Ice Cream: WOW. What a dessert. This was recommended on Yelp, and it definitely did not disappoint. I would highly recommend this even if you think it sounds like a strange combination of things. Happy birthday to me.Overall, Frances is definitely a solid four star place. Each dish we had was solid, and aside from the cramped seating, I really didn't have any strong complaints or issues. Service was good; our waiter came by to check on how we were doing multiple times, and was helpful when we asked about how many dishes we should be ordering if we were going to be sharing. I would definitely put Frances on your must-try list!
It's hard to find a restaurant where every dish is great. I mean most places have one star dish and the rest aren't so good; or maybe the appetizers are amazing but the entrees don't follow suit. What's amazing about Frances is that all the dishes we had (and we ordered quite a bit) where really great. I actually think this is the best restaurant I've been to at this price point.Drinks: The markets shots are a great idea, and very refreshing. Also wine by the ounce. Great way to try a red with one dish, and a white with another. Great idea.Smaller bites: We got a crab and beet salad. Very well done.  Great flavors and you could tell the ingredients were very fresh. This might have been my favorite dish. Also got the bacon beignets. What makes this dish really is the creme fraiche sauce (very well flavored/seasoned).Entrees: Steak and duck. I'm love duck and pretty much always order it. The meat is so tender and juicy and the skin super crispy. However to my surprise the steak was even better. The meats were cooked on the rarer side (which I prefer) and perfectly juicy and flavorful.sides: spoon bread. Very hot, and cheesy.Dessert: lumberjack cake. Good but just not my particular cup of tea. Service: ehh..okay. We asked for bread when we initially placed our order and we were halfway through our meal with no bread offered (I was super hungry). We pretty much needed to hunt the bread guy if we ever saw him walking around. Also my bf noted on the reservations that this was my bday dinner, and another table got a candle in their cake and I didn't. =( sad face.It's a small restaurant so be prepared. Although we weren't seated on the main wall where most of the seats are, the tables did look quite cramped and close together. The food is really solid and definitely worth a try.
fav restaurant in san fran! This place is near perfect- only wish it was larger and had more comfortable seating
Great date night place
We tried Frances again and had a much better experience. This time we had the chickpea fritters, chicory salad, bavette steak, and the trout. The fritters and salad were alright, but the mains were great. This time everything came out hot and delicious, and the service was friendly and prompt. We will be back.
After a 15 minute wait at our table with no waiter in sight.. I honestly thought that this is going to be awful.But boy, was I wrong. In fact, I was amazed. The squid bouche and the beignets were wonderful, bite-sized miracles with so much flavor! Paired with a great Chardonnay, it was like magic. For our entree, we had the steak and the duck breast. The steak was so well cooked, it was en minute and very, very well seasoned. The duck breast had an incredible depth of flavor and a beautiful, crispy skin. The Frangipane, combined with a delicious port left us wanting for more. By now it's midnight (three hours after we came in), so it's time to leave and look forward to next time.
The place is a little cramped. We started with the smoked bacon beignets and panisse frites. They were both deep fried so I would suggest you order one but not both for appetizers. For entree, we had the duck breast and the risotto. Too bad it was a warm night and with the cramped space I didn't have a big appetite. The mushroom and corn risotto was very good even for a non-vegetarian like myself. The duck was also very good. I would recommend this place but I wouldn't go back.
Judging by the wait outside prior to opening, and the yelp rating, you would think that this place is not to be missed. I was let down given the hype of the wait and the reviews, and when it comes down to it, the experience and food were pretty average given San Francisco standards. You've gotta bring your A-game son! (Sorry-Warriors victory must still be lingering...)For appetizers we ordered the fritters and the beignets. The beignets were good, salty from bacon and the cream fraiche offered little additional flavor but helped cut the salt. Not mind blowing and re-inventive, but good. For entree I ordered the steak. What it lacked in flavor, it didn't make up in texture. While it was medium rare as recommended, it was really too tough for my taste. Perhaps the chef should consider a better cut and upping the price point slightly? The service was OK. When we asked for a recommendation between the steak and the trout our waitress just stared blankly and said, "They're both very different, but both very good." Umm...yeah....so thanks for that I guess? Interesting staff, not in a good way, OK food. I say keep looking for another restaurant for date night.
I love everything about this restaurant -the wines served in a carafe (just drink as much as you want and that's all you pay for, at $1.50 an ounce), the delicious food and impeccable service. We'd booked it when we were expecting to stay in a different part of town, but due to an AirBNB host letting us down we ended up pretty much next door, which was great for our booking. When we showed up we were ignored for a while which was the only disappointing part of the night. We then got our table and were helped with ordering as we weren't sure of the portion sizes. The stand out dish for me was the Sonoma duck breast with pumpkin seed dukkah, Japanese sweet potato & blood orange and I also loved the squid ink linguine (sadly for my husband, these were both his dishes!). I'd make a point of booking here again when we return to San Fran!
Wonderful spot for vegetarians, as all of the vegetables and fruits are well-sourced, honored, and highlighted.After receiving his King Salmon dish (which he loved), my friend placed a tiny red tomato on my side-plate. I looked up with a furrowed brow.'Just try it,' he said, not even looking up. I did, and then understood: Frances does beautiful things with small produce. Standouts (in order of Deliciousness):Lemon Pavlova - fresh lemon custard on a bed of meringue, so yum.Mushroom and Corn Risotto - seared thick trumpet mushrooms, my favorite bites.Panisse Frites - texture, baby.House Red Wine - a blend of mainly Mourvedre, and super-smooth, like I like it.Yummy enough, but wouldn't re-order:the cake - not sure why everyone freaks out about this, tasted a little dark (dates, maple syrup)Succotash - perfectly cooked beans, just not AmazingI would definitely visit Frances again, perhaps with my sister, Frances! :D I'd love to check-out the next rotation of dishes, which will hopefully be soon...
So apparently there was a spirited televised sporting contest that people in this town really care about, and thank heavens for it, because it allowed me to get a reservation same-day to Frances. Frances! Have always wanted to go there since the history of ever.So, we got the beets and avocado/corn bouche, the avocado was the star, as well as two salads - one kale, one chicory with panzanella, OMG, NOM, DUDE. That was so so so so good. Hubby got the bavette steak and I got the summer squash linguine, and we each gobbled that shit up like it was our job. Throw in some delicious California cab, and you're looking at one happy lady. The vibe was awesome and it's a gorgeous little restaurant. I love it when a place lives up to the hype! It really is all that! Delicious food in a gorgeous understated environment.Ummm... Go Warriors?
Frances is both fun and intimate at the same time. To begin, we ordered the bacon beignets and beet and crab salad, both of which were amazing. We also had the panisse, that was mistakenly brought to our table and we were told to keep, which was just OK. We then shared the linguine with mussels, which was cooked to perfection, and the duck, which was juicy and flavorful. The spoon bread was indulgent.The persimmon hand pie was very good. We also tried a scoop of espresso and muscovado ice cream, neither of which had much flavor.I wish Frances had a greater selection of French wines, specifically Champagne by the glass and Burgundy or Bordeaux by the glass or half bottle so we can enjoy pairing with different courses.
I love this place. If you want a good date spot to impress your person or even their parents, take them here. SF is filled with great pricey places. For the food, portion sizes and prices this is a great deal! I have now been here twice. It is one of 2 or 3 restaurants I would put in my favorite restaurants of SF. This last time I came here with my gf and her parents.....their treat, but the final bill was very doable considering what we had. ~$200 before tip. It is easy to spend $200-$350 between 4 people at a fancy restaurant in this city. Of all the restaurants similar......Commonwealth, SPQR, Nico, RichTable, etc. you get a great deal, atmosphere, and service experience for your money. We didn't feel rushed despite the peole at the door.We started with the bacon beignets. Amazing.....your taste buds will love you. Some people might say they are too salty....its bacon!We split the kale salad between 3 people....great amount of food and flavor was awesome! Kale can be very pokey in your mouth, but this was goo on that. My GF's father got the spinach soup and he loved it considering he hates veggies.Mom and I got the Mushroom Risotto, GF got the Duck, Dad got the Steak. Duck and Risotto were the 2 best of the 3 chosen. I didn't tr the steak....we aren't that close yet. We did end the night with coffee and 1 dessert, but it was ok. Wine by the carafe was delightful.Great spot!
I hate to say that $150 later I was underwhelmed. I'm happy to pay good money for amazing good. This missed the mark. Service was great. Wine was good. Food was average.
Frances is an amazing little neighborhood restaurant in the Castro. Make sure to get a carafe of the table wine, it's a house-made blend, by the ounce and should not be missed.
Got a reservation two weeks ahead via open table and were seated right away .. We had the same waiter that we had the last time very attentive ! For starters we had the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Chive so delicious don't miss out on these then we had the Roasted Baby Carrots- Avocado, Spiced Honey, House Yogurt, AlmondCrme fraiche - really tasty and especially with the heavenly Josey Baker bread don't miss out on the bread !! For my entree I chose the five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak - Roasted Gems and Broccolini, Horseradish it was melting in my mouth such a tender steak at this point I was getting rather full but we chose these two desserts-'Lumberjack' Cake - Poppy Apricot, Coconut, Medjool Date, Muscovado Ice Cream9Chocolate 'Plasir Sucre' - Hazelnut Dacquoise, Cocoa Crumble, Salted Caramel ! I liked the plasir sucre the best it was the hazelnut and the salted caramel that did I for me !! The tables are kind of tight so you don't have a lot of privacy noise level can be high too but the dining experience makes it all worth it . The staff is very nice they offer to take your coats as soon as you enter bathroom super cool I like the towels they have to dry your hands rolled up in the bathroom much nicer than paper towels nice little touch ! This is one of our regular go to restaurants !!
My husband and I came to San Francisco for a work + play trip, and booked a special dinner at Frances based on the positive Yelp reviews--and we were not disappointed. The experience started upon entry into the tasteful but small restaurant, and every detail was accounted for right down to the lovely and simple wine carafe. The wait-staff were attentive and served every need with a smile. We had the applewood smoked bacon beignet's and the pasta with broccoli rabe, and both were simply prepared and delicious. The fish entree was very good but lacked a little bit of heartiness in the side dish, and the duck entree was even better with perfectly seasoned and cooked meat. We finished with the 'lumberjack' cake dessert that left us drooling for more.Would definitely recommend Frances for an intimate and perfect dining experience.
We had booked this pretty far in advance to make sure we could eat there. It may be that that raised the expectations further than necessary. The food was better than most places of a similar style but for the price of the eventual bill we probably thought it would have been better. The drinks were great and even the house wines are tasty.Positives? Great atmosphere and exceptional wait staff.Negatives? A bit on the pricey side for what you actually get and we didn't walk away amazed but we were fairly satisfied.Recommendations? Market Shots. Get like 6 of them right from the start.
We decided to go here last minute and we ended up sitting at their bar. We had a very nice experience both the food and staff made our evening. I order a pasta dish for an appetizer with tomatoes it was very appetizing just light and really clean tasting. I also ordered a steak which was cooked perfectly medium rare. My partner ordered the fish which he says was the best fish he has had so far in the city. We highly recommend this restaurant make sure you get reservations.
As an ex-Michellin starred restaurant, Frances is one of the best: bacon beignet, chicken roulade, Bavette steak, lumberjack cake and house wine are all great! You have to request for the free bread otherwise they won't give you. It's a really good bread. House wine is $1.5 per ounce, price rises from $1 to $1.5. I would rate it 4.5 stars because the steak is too chewy too raw. The cake is too sweet. The place is really small and crowded. The tables are too close. But I think this place is better than most of the michellin stars.
Also going to keep this one short and sweet: fantastic meal featuring incredible California foods. Highly recommend the bacon beignets and lumberjack cake, per the other reviews. Frances was the perfect place to celebrate an anniversary. Service is excellent , and the vibe was also perfect, in that music was audible in the background, but everyone could still hear what people at the table were saying, even with parties seated relatively close together.
We came here for a date night and loved everything about this place, the food, the service, the atmosphere. We started off with the beignets and the linguine with broccoli, and then had the duck breast for our entrees. Everything was delicious. We washed everything down with the house red wine which was also great. They give you a large carafe of wine but only charge you for what you drink! We will be back!
Maybe it was the person I was with, the bittersweet calmness of a sunday evening, the heartwarming wine, the ambiance of the dimly lit restaurant filled with lively conversations, or all of the above, but I had an absolutely delightful time at Frances last night. Our server David was phenomenal -- he gave great recommendations, checked in frequently but not disruptively, and timed every dish so we aren't rushed to finish the plate on the table. Loved the guy and he definitely made the dining experience very special :) NOW ON TO THE FOOD.My oh my, every single dish arrived with so much complexity in flavor. We opted to maximize variety, so we decided to share one entree and order a bunch of bouchees and apps. 1. Applewood smoked bacon beignets - Delicious but definitely wasn't the star of the meal. I get the hype -- it's fried dough with bacon, come on. It was comforting, the freme fraiche was sweet, which complemented the savory beignets well.  2. Roasted early girl tomato tart - this was a special that wasn't on the menu. The tart's crust was perfectly flaky, buttery, and sweet. It was well balanced with the savory roasted tomatoes and the tarragon creme fraiche tied everything together (I put the creme fraiche on the bacon beignets -- great idea) 3. Treviso radicchio and frise salad - Every other table was getting the little gem salad - it was the safer choice: lettuce, tomatoes, summer squash.. I'm sure it was delicious. BUT. I'm SO glad David recommended this salad. It probably my favorite dish of the night. The bitterness of radicchio paird so well with fresh, sweet figs, and the bacon pieces added so much fullness to the salad. The fried shallots were fun and kept making my fork come back for more. 4. Stuffed tolenas farm quail - I never, EVER order quail. But I'm glad I listened to David and ordered it. Whatever it was stuffed with, it made the quail moist and flavorful. Chanterelle mushrooms, potatoes, shallots were okay. The purslane (which I almost confused for watercress, excuse my lack of greens knowledge!) added the perfect amount of bitterness and freshness. But the star of the dish for me was.... the freaking padron puree!!! Who would've thought pureeing padron peppers would produce such light, deliciously spicy, flavorful, and airy sauce? Oh my goodness, it was the best thing on that plate and David graciously brought us a small ramekin filled with extra sauce. I literally dipped everything in the sauce and had to resist really hard not to drink it. I couldn't believe it had nothing but padron peppers -- beautiful ingredients shine with simplicity! Ahh.. it was dreamy.5. White corn spoonbread - This side dish was a star dish on its own. This was soooo delicious. It was as if corn bread and bread pudding had amazing sex and had a beautiful little baby. Yea, I would eat that baby. It was soft and moist in the middle, perfectly seasoned, and so wonderfully comforting, especially when paired alongside the quail. Yum. 6. Toasted coconut pavlova - I had planned on ordering the lumberjack cake, per every yelp review's recommendation. But I had to go with David's recommendation, because his recommendation had been so on point the whole night. This dessert was a little too sweet for my liking, but I appreciated the variety of components (including the birthday candle for me :D). The lime curd was my favorite part -- I kind of wished it was ice cream to balance the warmth. The caramel was also very good, as were the caramelized bananas. I thought all of the components were amazing separately, but all of them put together, it was overwhelmingly sweet. Being super greedy, we asked for Josey Baker bread -- with salted butter, it was a great palette resetter in between bouchees, whether that's a thing or not :P The house red wine was wonderful and kept me happy and warm throughout the meal! So there ya have it. It was an outstanding experience (hell, 3 hour long experience!) and I CANNOT wait to go back!
We went to Frances even after hearing they lost their Michelin Star. We were not disappointed. The location was nice and the inside was immaculate. We were able to sit off on the side a little so we had our own private area which was nice.We started off with the Bacon Beignets. This was fabulous. It was so light and airy. The flavor was outstanding. Next we had the Duck Liver Mousse. The portion was big. It also had pickled onions that complemented the Duck Liver and crispy bread. Next we had the Squid Ink Linguine. It was very nice and the squid ink really came through. We had the Duck Breast as an entree. The duck was cooked perfectly. But, I really didn't care for the spices that were on the duck and there were too much citrus for my liking.We had the Lumberjack Cake and the Toasted Poppy Seed Genoise. They were both great. The Lumberjack Cake was the better desert and it was full of flavor. The Poppy Seed was more subtle and light. This is a great place to eat a nice dinner and share plates so you can taste quite a few.
Frances is very good. The service is excellent and the food is high quality. The bacon beignets are good but they were not the best thing I consumed all evening. They are a gimmick and do not have a great bacon flavor. They tasted like simple savory beignets. They were well executed and tasty but I will not be dreaming about them.My favorite items were the chickpea fritters. These were incredibly tasty and the sauce they were paired with was so good that I wanted to lick the bowl and or dip bread in it (despite the olive-y nature of it that I usually am quick to avoid). They should put these on the menu full time. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the dish overall was well conceived and put together. I enjoyed it fully. Frances was my favorite dinner in SF. I'd highly recommend it if you are in the area, but I do not think it is a destination restaurant with really standout or notable worth-the-trip dishes.
top notch restaurant,food service and vibe were 5 stars, DO NOT miss the Roasted Mushroom Soup, but of course also: Sweet Potato Strata,Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak, Grilled Calamari, Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets.for dessert we tried the pavlova it was perfect, but i guess everything on the menu will not let you down..
I don't see what the hype is I really don't. This review might offend a few being that this restaurant is 4.5 stars. This review is for what I ordered not my wifesGot a reservation for 9 pm got there and was squished Next to two couples. However there was another 3 tables open by the window and 2 on the sides. I asked if we could sit there and the lady replied no these are people with reservations. In my head I was like "I'm pretty sure I made a reservation as well" didn't mind it bec I was there for a date with my wife and the "wonderful" food. Started with two market shots which was good very soju like. You pay by the Oz and you would probably need to spend about $30 to get a good buzz... Then I got the bacon beignets 3 small little balls! the size smaller than a golf ball for 8 dollars!? I was hoping they would be good but man these did not do it for me one bit.. I compare these to those long John silver balls that they serve. I was so disappointed.... For my main course I got the bavette steak.. I'm a steak lover and I love my steak medium rare tasty tender melt in your mouth. I didn't get any of this. The "look" was good it looked the part but my god this thing was like chewing rubber. The flavor did not fit the steak and the portion was very small for the $30 + price rangeThe only reason why I gave this place a 1 star is because of the lumberjack cake. That's what saved the night for me... Other than that there are plenty of other places like this in San Francisco that's not rude, squished in a small area , small portion food, expensive etc.. If you would like to know personal message me and I will tell you...
I had been waiting for months to eat here. Food was solid but I wasn't overwhelmed. The bacon beignets were good but what made them special was the maple chive creme fraiche served on the side which was a pleasant surprise. Wasn't a fan of the linguini with smoked peppers. The bavette steak didn't blow me away. The mushroom risotto was the highlight of all the dishes we ordered. The chocolate toffee crumb pudding was very rich and dark but the chocolate cake was made with corn meal and I didn't care for the texture or flavor of it. I loved the toffee in it which had a rich and complex flavor. Enjoyed the pound cake more which was topped with a blend of huckleberry and pear which went nicely. I swapped out the ginger ice cream for vanilla. Love the decor here as well as at Octavia. I think the service at Octavia was better. The servers were more attentive and knowledgable about the menu at Octavia although staff at both places were very friendly. Overall, was a nice meal but if I had to choose I would go back to Octavia.
i ABSOLUTELY HIGHLY recommend Frances for everyone!I came here for my bday with my lovely boyfriend and the experience was absolutely terrific! The restaurant is hidden in a residential street and seats about 30 people max. It's very cute and intimate.Upon arrival, we were seated promptly! The waitress made some suggestions on the menu and we opted for 2 starter bites, 2 entrees and a side.1. Bacon Biegnets - delicious but a little salty! I did like this dipped with the Chickpeas Fritter sauce since that was a bit sweet. It was a good combo. I probably wouldn't get this again and I'd want to try something else2. Chickpeas Fritters- AMAZING. I highly recommend this. It's soft on the inside but crispy on the outside. The dipping sauce is the die for.3. McFarland Springs Trout - Roasted Cauliflower, Fregola Sarda, Almond Gremolata- I got this as my main dish. The fish was absolutely splendid. The skin was light and crispy while the fish itself was flaky and soft. I loved the cauliflower&sarda mix as it complemented the fish perfectly. I highly recommend this dish so get it before it's gone!!4. Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak - Baby Spinach, Farro Verde, Trumpet Mushroom Conft- My boyfriend got this one and it was tasty as well. The meat was tender and juicy but packed with flavor. 5. Melted Leek and White Cornmeal Spoonbread, Pink Lady Apple Butter, Parmesan- YES, A MUST GET. The bread melts in your mouth and I literally couldn't stop making "MMMMMMM" sounds as I ate it.I love this place and I couldn't stop raving it about it to all my friends. Please go! and please let me know if you liked it! :)
A must. Reservations are booked pretty far in advance, but it's well worth it.I'm sure the menu is pretty seasonal, but this is what we had...Bacon Biegnets = 5+ (sauce was incredible!)Hand Pies = 5Panzanella Salad = 3 (Wasn't a panzanella. It was a kale salad with nice croutons. No tomato. Very little bread.)Five-Dot Bavette Steak = 5+ (oh my!)Dessert....really...mind shaking...'Lumberjack' Cake - Stone Fruit, Coconut, Medjool Date, Muscovado Ice Cream = 5+Lavender Scented Pavlova - Golden Nectarine, Blueberry, Wildflower Honey Sabayon = 5Service was impeccable. My chair pulled out for me before I even had a chance. Water always full. Clean table. Unobtrusive. Simply delightful.
Very good restaurant. Date night with my wife so it was a special night. Yes the tables are so closed to each other but it reminded me when I lived in France. The restaurant is small and they need to make money. It was noisy but I could still have a normal conversation with my wife. The restaurant is decorated nicely and fits the San Francisco style.Now onto the food. Very good and tasty. The beignet were so so but the beet salad and the chicory salad were so good. Well seasoned and great quality of ingredientThe bavette was cooked perfectly and had so much flavor. Bavette is a special cut and has more chewiness to it. I grew up eating this type of cut so I really enjoyed it. Loved the potatoes too, they had a great texture.The fish was a cod and was done well. It was cooked perfectly and loved the cauliflower and fennel. The Black garlic creme fraiche was good but not sure it was the best way to do it with the fish. Nonetheless, very tasty and pleasant.For deserts, we had the meringue and the pana cotta. Both delicious and well prepared. Great way to finish the meal.We ordered a bottle of Gervey Chambertin and it did not disappoint. The wine list is small but efficient. I started with the cava cocktail and it was great.Service was very pleasant. We were welcome by a nice gentleman who is a server but was nice to bring us to our table (I think the hostess was busy). Our server, Melissa, a blond ladie provided the type of great service we love. She was there always at the right moment, never bother with too much talk but she always made sure that we were fine and satisfied. Now, that's what you call good service.Definitely recommend this place
We had a reservation for 10:00 p.m. on Saturday evening, and managed to find street parking close by (just around the block). When we walked in, the restaurant was completely packed. We had a third person meeting us and he was running late, so we decided to order wine and bouchees with haste (the kitchen closes at 10:30 p.m., I think). Frances has bar seating where it looks like you can order off of the full dinner menu, and I note that it was also completely packed. For wine, I ordered a Maximin Grunhauser Riesling. Friends, that is a fabulous wine, even if it's not from the South of France (see my Aquitaine review). My friend ordered the house red. Their house wine policy is cool--they charge $1 per ounce consumed. They put a carafe of wine on your table and you may drink to your heart's content. I tasted the house red, and I disliked it. I can't knock Frances for this, however, because I dislike red wine in general (I know, I'm not cultured, bobloblaw). I like that the menu is dated (i.e., the date is in the upper right hand corner). Wouldn't that be a nice touch if you got engaged there? Or M. Perello could make an amazing cookbook organized by season from a year of menus .... *hint hint* We decided to start with the smoked bacon beignets with maple chive creme fraiche. Smoked bacon beignets = smokin' banana peels! Donuts and bacon are just a fantastic combo, no matter how you slice it. Maple chive creme fraiche? I'd like to bathe myself in it while listening to Def Leppard's "Pour Some Sugar On Me." After we annihilated those in a matter of seconds, we ordered the Savory Pumpkin Bread with brown butter, apple, sage and pepitas off of the "Sides" menu, as well as the Purple Haricot Verts Caesar, with anchovy, parmesan, and pangrattato. The pumpkin bread was screamin. It was served fresh, piping hot--and its texture was dense and so pleasing. I am prepared to marry whomever made the side of butter that the pumpkin bread was served with. The haricots verts? I love to say "haricots verts" because that is basically the only use I get from the 4 years of French I took, but they were just okay. Let's get real though, it's going to be difficult for a vegetable dish to follow bacon beignets and savory pumpkin bread.For the main course, I wanted to order the Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak, but I was so full from the small plates that I could not justify ordering a beautiful plate of food that would likely need wrapped to go, plus both of my companions ordered it. Instead, I ordered the Tagliatelle with tomato-braised chicken, Sicilian fennel seed, Kalamata olive, and Nardello peppers. I tasted my friends' steak, however, and it. was. beyond. delicious. Oh. my. goodness. The steak was a showstopper--Number One Stunner. I am starting to discover that I dislike olives. I am heavily influenced by the workings of the masterful yelper Johnna S., and now I dislike olives as a result. When I mentioned my newly found dislike of olives to my companions, they revoked my Lebanese card indefinitely. I think olives must be used sparingly because their flavor has a tendency to overpower other ingredients easily. The chefs at Frances obviously understand that. The pasta was delicious--homemade pasta is really a hit or miss---so when it's a hit, you have to celebrate with more wine. I was so full, however, that I could only take two or three bites. I sent the balance of my meal home with my friends.  I wanted to pass on dessert, but I was outvoted (I choose my friends wisely). They ordered the Dark Chocolate and Chandler Walnut Torte. I decided to force a few bites. Man, that dessert was just a straight up mind-blower-my eyes are still crossed. My friend said it was too sweet, but I dissent, respectfully. Our server was a little annoyed with us because we originally had four people in our party, but one of the four couldn't make it at the last minute, and the third one was thirty minutes late. I don't blame our server for being annoyed. Nevertheless, the service was excellent and he ensured that we had a great meal. He seemed to relax as the evening progressed and we ordered enough food for six people. As a former server in another life, I hated when people did that too, especially at the end of the evening. I assure you, you will need a reservation. I enjoyed everything about this evening, except the fact that I could not fit more food into my belly. Melissa Perello, I heart you.
Pretty disappointed about our experience here last night. -No one greeted us upon arrival. The restaurant is small so we awkwardly waited for a host to seat us. -The doormat and entryway smelled like wet mops-When we were finally seated, it took at least 5 minutes for our waiter to even greet us-Waters and wine carafes on our table were not refilled consistently-They brought the wrong entree for my friend, they then brought out a new entree which was clearly undercooked and raw-They comped us with free desserts and apologized for the entree mishapI am sure there is potential that it was just an off night but given the intimate size of the restaurant, the lack of attention paid to our table was pretty appalling.
BACON BEIGNETS with creme fraiche: Yes, it's good as fried dough gets. Something everyone should try once in a life time, but I recommend the grilled calamari over the beignets. GRILLED CALAMARI: the best calamari I have had in my life. The portion is small and you will want more. Trust me...just order this. BAVETTE STEAK: delicious, but my husband and I enjoyed the quail dish more.QUAIL: yelpers all raved about the steak dish, but I found the Quail dish to be more intricate, unique, and tasty! LUMBERJACK: This may not look fancy on presentation, but it's delicious. You will like this dessert if you like dates and fruits in your cake (kind of like carrot cake). The cake was moist as well. My husband on the hand did not like it but he wasn't able to explain why. I recommend ordering it because you'll never find anything like it.
I've been dying to try Frances for ages, and I have to say it's one of the better dining experiences I've had in San Francisco (still waiting on my inaugural State Bird Provisions visit).I came with a friend after managing to snag an earlier reservation (good luck trying to get something on short notice at dinner time). Note that the menu gets printed everyday, so some of these dishes might not be available all the time.We ordered the bacon beignets, roasted fingerling potatoes and mushrooms, mussel linguine, bavette steak, and duck breast.The bacon beignets - despite all their hype - weren't actually all that amazing. I wish they'd tasted a bit more like bacon instead of just getting a few crude looking bacon bits sprinkled on top. The maple creme fraiche was a nice touch though.The roasted potatoes and mushrooms were perfectly roasted so they were just soft enough on the inside and a bit charred on the outside, and the mushrooms were thoroughly (but not overly) cooked. Again the creme fraiche helped the dish standout.My friend thoroughly loved the bavette steak, commenting about how tender it was. I actually preferred the duck breast - it was seared perfectly and cooked evenly throughout, and the chestnut puree was unique and accompanied the dish really well. I'd definitely order this again if I came back.Service: Great! No complaints, very friendly, and excellent recommendations. Bottom line: Looking for a nice dinner in the city? Check out some of the excellent options at Frances but make sure to book well in advance. The prices are a bit steep, but it's well worth it.
3.5 stars! I heard a lot of good things about France's so we decided to eat there on our anniversary. The bf made reservations 2 weeks ahead of time and the only time they had was for 5:00PM. He also had to put down his CC info incase of a no show or late cancelation. Honestly I think I had too high hopes for France's. Good but just average to me. Applewood smoked bacon beignets are a must try and I love their Linguine alle Vongole. Wish that was an actual entree instead. We had the steak and the duck for entrees and they were really lacking flavor. Overall my experience was good. Service was extremely friendly and I did enjoy all my appetizers.
WOW. It's no wonder this place is rated at 4.5 stars with so many reviews. Reserve 3 months in advance to get the optimal seating time. The FOOD was simply amazing!!! We got the Bacon Beignets, Tagliatelle with mushrooms, a Quail Entree, a Steak Entree, and a Chocolate Walnut Torte with Salted Caramel Ice Cream -- all were delicious. I would describe each, but I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. DRINKS!!!Wine was done by the ounce, an interesting concept considering I don't drink much to start. Their house white wine was mildly sweet, and perfect for my dish. I saw many people getting the house wine, so don't be shy!!SERVICE!!!- We arrived 1/2 hr before our actual reservation and we were seated right away. - Costas was our main server. He provided great service and sold me on the dessert. He even took a picture of us and got down on his knee to take the picture from the best angle possible. Needless to say, it turned out to be my favorite picture for the night.- Although this model may only work in small restaurants, I found their service to be highly efficient and on top of their game. Despite Costas being our main server, it didn't matter which server passed by our table. Whenever a plate was empty, it was picked up. - We also didn't have to hold our coats or place it anywhere! The hostess placed our coats in a closet and Costas knew exactly which ones were ours when it was time to leave! Read the Bon Appetit article here! bonappetit.com/columns/t
What a cute spot - I really loved the location. Unfortunately it felt very crowded. I couldn't comfortably have a conversation with my husband without feeling that I needed to include the table next to me in the conversation (which they joined). Sitting shoulder to shoulder with the table next to you is just a little too close for comfort when trying to relax. That being said, the food was good. My husband and I both had the duck. We started with the hummus soup and the salad which had citrus slices in it. Everything was fine, but nothing really wowed us.
Amazing food, great atmosphere and wonderful customer service! The german guy was an awesome server who knew how to give good recommendations. I have been a few times and every time is such a treat. Will definitely be back for more!
DELICIOUS! Came here with a friend for a catch up dinner, small intimate wonderful waiter. Checked Yelp before and knew to ask for Josie's bread, so yum. I recommened of course the Bacon Beignets and the Steak. We also split a caraf of the house red. Great call, great meal.
Bests:Grilled octopus Bacon beignets SteakChickpea frites Dark chocolate crumb pudding Delicious:Broccoli soupLittle gem salad Cauliflower gratin Beet salad Probably wouldn't order again: Quail Linguini with peppers and poached egg
I finally made it back to Frances. I snagged a prime time OpenTable reservation 2 months ago and excitedly told the bf I would be sharing with him the delight that is Frances. (FYI, Frances called me two days prior to confirm and texted me again the day of to reconfirm. Don't let them cancel on you!)Perhaps it was an off night, but it was definitely only a 3 star night. The last time I was here, the food was just right. This time, nothing was that good besides the beignets.* Smoked maple bacon beignets with maple chive creme fraiche - $7As delicious as I remembered. Either I made a Freudian slip and said "beignets" when I meant "beets" (the bf also heard me say "beets" though... Freudian slip in hearing?) or the server heard me incorrectly, resulting in an order of beignets landing unexpectedly at our table. In either case, I am grateful for the mistake.* Grilled beets with chermoula spice, house yogurt, Chantenay carrots - $7Not a fan. The beets were not quite soft or sweet enough, and they were smothered in too much yogurt. * Tagliatelle with tomato braised chicken, Sicilian fennel seed, green olives, Nardello peppers - $13We both agreed that the texture of the tagliatelle was superb. However, we couldn't agree on the sauce. I thought the olives were too sharp for it. The bf thought the sauce would have been "as boring as vodka sauce" without it. (Hey! I like vodka sauce!) * Sonoma duck breast, purslane, roasted figs, fennel agrodolce, spiced jus - $29The flavor profile of the sauce was fine, but the duck was too chewy.* Five-Dot bavette steak with Nardello peppers, chimichurri, chanterelles, farro verde - $28The steak was also too chewy. I found the texture extremely unpleasant, and the bf, who typically orders his steak "rare rare rare!" agreed it was slightly too chewy as well. The accompanying farro and vegetables were okay, but I didn't feel like the ingredients went well together. I left half the entree unfinished. (People who know me know that I almost always finish my food.)I tried the Frances house red ($1/oz), and it tasted oddly like bubble gum to me. The other reds by the glass were mostly in the $15-$17 range, with a single $13 option. I tried a Cabernet Franc / Merlot blend which was good but pricey.
5 stars for food, -1 star for atrocious service. If the food weren't so damn good, I would've docked it another one.We started off with the market shot, and got both white and red house blend wines during our meal. All were good, and I definitely like the "$1.50 per ounce, pay only for what you drink" concept.As for food, I enjoyed EVERY dish that we got: Bacon beignets - That slight hint of sweetness in their maple creme fraiche sauce is what makes this dish. It pairs nicely with the slight saltiness of the bacon. I totally want to put that sauce on everything...Roasted beets and dungeness crab salad - This might've been one of the best things during the meal. The warm beets had that perfect "roast" flavor, and the crab was exceptionally fresh and sweet tasting.Duck breast - Cooked perfectly (i.e. medium rare but on the rare side), and delicious!Bavette steak - Also one of my favorites. Great flavor on the meat, and again, this was cooked absolutely perfect so that the meat was very juicy and tender.Lumberjack cake - The sweet apple-cinnamon flavor of the cake paired nicely with the muscavado ice cream. And yes, I have no f'ing clue what muscavado is, but just read about it on Wikipedia haha.So what was so problematic about the service?-No server came to our table for a LONG LONG time after we sat down. Not even to ask what we wanted for drinks. Definitely annoying considering we were starving.-We asked for bread when we ordered. No bread came. We had to flag down a different waiter who was serving bread to another table during our entree course to get some for ourselves.-Something just felt "snobby" about the way the waiter interacted with us. Not sure what it was, but both the gf and I felt that way. We go to stuffy restaurants often, but we definitely don't get that vibe from the staff at those.. not sure what was up with this place.-The worst crime of all? I made reservations two months in advance, and I made a note in the reservation that it's for my gf's birthday so I would like it if they did something special like candles on a dessert or something. What did they do? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. What did another table at the restaurant get while we were there? A candle on a motherf---ing dessert. Way to turn our special occasion meal into just another regular meal, Frances. I've always had nicer restaurants ask me about the special occasion note when they contact me to confirm the reservation, but this place didn't do jack sh*t.tl;dr - Food is great, but the service blows. Don't go here for special occasions.
I would run through a downpour for a meal at Frances. Atmosphere for fine dining was anything but stuffy. It was perfect. The B made reservations, so our corner table was ready when we arrived. I had the market shot - apple, lillet, and something else. Refreshing, but didn't have a kick at all. B had the house wine by the ounce. Pretty awesome.So glad we didn't get any apps at Fat Angel before this meal. We decided to get a bunch of small plates to share, an entree, and two desserts. It was a special birthday after all ; )I know they are bouchees for a reason, but I wish they were bigger. YUM. We started off with the Panisse Frites: Crisp chickpea fritters topped with Smoked Eggplant and capers. This really stood out to me. Crispy outside, ridiculously smooth and creamy chickpea on the inside with the eggplant puree sauce on top. Perfection.A very fresh, Grilled Beet Salad: Beluga Lentils, Salsa Verde Coriander, Feta. Also very delicious. I love a good non-canned beet.. :PCreamy Potato and Fennel Soup: Braised Celery, Crisp Leeks and Crme Frache - creamy deliciousness - you could taste the celery in it. So good. I refrained from licking the bowl.Linguine  la Marinire: Tomales Bay Mussels, Smoked Tomato Broth, Fennel, Meyer Lemon - Tasty, but not amazing. Tomato + Mussel is delish.Grilled Bavette Steak: Roasted Potato and Eggplant, Mission Olive, Green Harissa - Steak was perfect MR. A little chewy, not seasoned, but the eggplant was heavily seasoned, so it paired well. Melted Leek and White Cornmeal Spoonbread, Rome Beauty Apple Butter - The only thing that didn't do much for me. It was good, but not stand out. Denser version of cornbread.Desserts: The B really like the Pedro Ximenez & Praline Pudding - Preserved Black Mission Fig, Walnut Shortbread -- It was a little heavy for my taste, but good. He does have a thing for figs. My favorite was the Autumn Fruit with some sort of Ice cream/ Tart thing. Couldn't find it on the menu, but there were sliced persimmons. What a treat! I left incredibly stuffed and ready to pass out. That's a successful meal.
What an amazing restaurant. This is like an intimate version of Nopa. The food is seriously unreal. Farm to table love on a plate. Love the pay-by-the-oz concept on their house wines. Try the beignets. You will not be disappointed. The staff is extremely professional and knowledgable. I can't get enough of this place! Reservations are tough, but fortunately they let you put your name down and will call you when a table is ready. One of my favs!!!
Delicious food as always but our waiter was obviously distracted and didn't provide the attentive service that distinguishes a 5 star restaurant. Chicory salad: generous portion, great flavorBacon beignets: memorable and extremely unique Linguini: wonderful contrast of salt and crunch in the sauce. Duck: perfectly cooked and flavorful. Chocolate cake: tasty if ever so slightly dry.
Bah so San Francisco in its pretension and overrated-ness. I came here a while back for an anniversary date with my boyfriend (reservations difficult to get). It's got wood paneling and low lighting in standard SF bougie style. Service was fine. Neither great nor flawed.THE FOOD:- little gem salad which was tasty but unremarkable- asparagus ditto-bacon beignets which had tons of hype but I thought were sort of bland. The flavor didn't shock me at all. not bad but not noteworthy.- a itty bitty little steak entree, both bites of which were delicious :)-THE SINGLE FINEST GLASS OF PINOT NOIR I'VE EVER HAD ~ Lioco Pinot Noir, Sonoma Coast . SPLURGE IF YOU LIKE PINOTso to summarize the food is good, maybe even very good, but nowhere near it's reputation, and no where near worth it for PRICE and wait times. I will not be back but suppose I am glad I went once.
Secluded hidden restaurant that has been on my radar for years. Looking on opentable for reservation but it was fully booked. The restaurant welcome walk-in but must be seated at the counter only, which I do not want. A miracle happen and out of the blue on the day of our food adventure, I decided to check on opentable one last time. There it was, available seating at 7:30pm, I was ecstatic with joy. We arrived promptly on time and began to ordered:- Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets = anything with bacon is good!- Ricotta Gnocchi = rich and a tad bitter for my taste. -Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak = risotto and the steak was perfectly paired.- Sonoma Duck Breast = devoured this tender succulent duck breast within seconds. The duck jus was AMAZING!!!It was a record for us to finish our food within less than thirty minutes. Either that or we were a true fatties. Overall, it was a wonderful meal with attentive staff that know how to conversate. Would love to come back here for another amazing meal!
I am lost for words... The food is simple and simply delicious. Save room for dessert! In our visit, our table of four literally ordered one of everything on the menu so we can try everything. It was all...just YUM! I recommend that you order one of everything. the portions are just right for sharing if you have a table of four.
What a delight it was to enjoy a meal here. Incredible menu and everything prepared to perfection. We had the best seat in the house in the corner window. Our waitress was on top of her game making sure we had everything we needed. The reason for 4 stars is because the people I went with said the menu hardly changes so that was their only complaint where I can understand. It was my first time so I wouldn't have know. The wine list could have been larger. For dinner we had the salmon and the steak as our main meals. Both were very flavorful and cooked perfect. The starters were good but over priced. The chocolate toffee pudding finished our night! Hope to return soon.
Somewhat fancy, not fussy. Perfect spot for a special occasion. Waiters offered guidance, menu is approachable. Loved the shishito peppers; wine is offered by the ounce.
Simply delicious. An intimate space with creative, flavorful food. Everything was delicious, but the stand outs were the sun choke soup and chicory salad. Our server was very attentive; our water glasses never dropped below half-full. Docked a star because of the tight space. I could hear the annoying chatter of the couples on either side of us. Let's just say they were a wee bit self-absorbed.
Very, very good food but, frankly, nothing that far out of the ordinary to warrant all the fuss. We showed up in the rain (pre-Andy Cohen at the Castro Inforum) knowing the little seats at the bar were the likely option. The woman at the register acted appalled that we had no reservation and seemed a bit perplexed about what to do. Nice server saved the day by offering us seats in the window and then providing excellent service. Again, food was very good but nothing like what I was expecting.
Best. Duck breast. Ever.Seared to a perfect medium rare, this melt in your mouth masterpiece is not one to be overlooked. The menu is seasonal, but if you ever see duck as an option, get it. Seriously. Also, don't forget to order the applewood smoked bacon beignets. You'll never see beignets the same way ever again.Seating is kept to a minimal to keep the ambience on a more intimate scale, so reservations are a must (at least 3-4 weeks ahead of time). Only parties of 4 max are welcomed. If you're lucky, you can grab one of the 10 barstool open seats available the second they open their doors. Expect a long wait if you miss the first seating, but fear not, keep yourself company with a glass of their delicious house wine creatively charged by the ounce.
What a meal, what a meal, what a mighty good meal! I had the pleasure of dining at Frances for my birthday this year and it so did not disappoint. The beau booked a month or two in advance and the best seating time we were able to get was between 5:15 or 9:15. We opted for an early meal, but if you're looking for something at a more reasonable hour, I recommend booking well in advance if you can! We started off with two seasonal market shots which were made with ripe cantaloupe the day we visited. After the market shots, we grabbed a carafe of their house red which is charged per ounce (A pretty nifty concept if you ask me!). We shared blistered shishito peppers which came with a 'queso' dip at the bottom. We are a big fan of shishito peppers, and these were probably blistered more thoroughly than anywhere else we'd had them before which was really nice. Of course we had to get the bacon beignets which were seriously scrumptious. I could've eaters numerous orders of just that for the entire meal.. We also ordered one of their daily "sides" which was described to us as a "fried gnocchi with an eggplant caponata," but was not really that at all. The "gnocchi" turned out to be more like a fried wonton wrapper and was really disappointing (-1 star Frances) The eggplant caponata part was actually really delicious but because it was described to us as a fried gnocchi, we were expecting something completely different and were super disappointed when it came. For his main, the man ordered the Bavette steak which was cooked to p-e-r-f-e-c-t-i-o-n, and then was drizzled with a reduction sauce that was superb. I saw quail on the menu and immediately ordered it with no questions. It was insanely delicious.. and I actually thought it was so much better than the steak. The quail stuffing reminded me of a meatloaf, but in a really good way. Underneath the quail there were all kinds of in season vegetables.. frisee, potatoes, roasted cipollini onions, and Padron peppers. That quail dish might be one of the best things I've ever eaten hands down. In fact, I rarely am able to finish an entire entree, but managed to lick that plate clean. We finished the meal with their Lumberjack cake, which was light, but heavy in all the best ways. The cake itself was cooked to be kind of crispy/chewy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Overall the entire meal was a delight and I'd go back again just for that Quail.
We waited 2 months for our reservation and it didn't disappoint. Everything, and I mean everything, we ate was amazing. The beignets were perfect and melted in your mouth. The trout dish was by far one of the best fish dishes I have ever had. The wine on tap is a fun idea and I wish more restaurants had this concept. Honestly all I can really say is go. Schedule your reservation and go!
Amazing beignets. Get them!Food is prepared with love and care and it shows. Service is great, our hostess was really helpful and patient.
I've been here 5 times now and I leave completely satisfied every single time. I recommend their market shots, bacon beignets, the bavette steak, and lumberjack cake. I also love that you pay for their house wine by the ounce.IF you have extra room in your tummy, order the spoonbread. I will warn you though - it is super filling! Yes, it's $$$ on Yelp, but it's worth every penny.
Wow, what a fantastic meal! Perfect for my small birthday dinner with a few close friends.~~SERVICE~~Our server was incredibly friendly. He was always there when we needed him & just super nice.~~AMBIANCE~~Frances has a great ambiance - you feel like you're in a good friend's living room. It's comfortable yet classy in a casual way. And it's small so your meal just has an intimate feel. I love these random bright red chairs - there's a couple of them around the dining room. Only downside is how hard it is to get reservations! I only got this by going on OpenTable at midnight 60 days before I wanted to eat there.~~COST~~3 bouchees + 2 entrees + 1 side + 2 desserts= a great meal for four.Cost was $39 a person (including tax/tip).~~MUST-HAVES~~Duck breast, butter bean cassoulet, if not just about everything else I ordered! (minus the beets & ricotta gnocchi)~~BOUCHEES~~* Panisse frites - 4.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/francross-section: yelp.com/biz_photos/fran(chickpea fritters, green garlic 'goddess,', meyer lemon. $7)You get a slice of lemon to drip over the fritters yourself. And man those fritters.. they have a perfectly even & crisped breading. The texture inside is incredibly soft & homogeneous - we weren't sure how the restaurant was physically able to get the chickpea to be this pureed without it turning into a watery mush. The dip was really great too.* Applewood smoked bacon beignets - 4 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/francross-section: yelp.com/biz_photos/fran(maple chive creme fraiche. $7)The beignets have an awesome texture - they are soft & have a slight crisp. The bacon was more like small pieces of ham, which gave the beignets a salty hint but wasn't quite the fatty pork belly that I was expecting. The dip provided a nice contrast to the beignet's flavors.* Grilled beets - 3.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/fran(yogurt, preserved lemon, brokaw avocado & kumquat. $7)My least favorite dish of the night, though my friends all loved this. You MUST have a kumquat with each bite - it really adds that kick of flavor for an otherwise pretty bland dish. The yogurt was warm which I didn't like - if there was a contrast of a cool yogurt, this would have tasted much better to me.~~ENTREES~~* Sonoma duck breast - 5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/fran(poppy apricot, spring onion, lacinato kale. $27)Oh my god the meat was so amazing. The edges have a tiny bit of a harder texture, & the middle is so juicy & tender. The sauce was amazing, & the apricots gave it a wonderful kick of tart/sweet flavor. The kale added a slightly bitter taste & added really well to everything else.* Iacopi butter bean 'cassoulet' - 5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/fran(Pt. reyes mozzarella, ancho chili, smokey pangrattato. $18)Wow, amazing, especially for a veggie dish! The beans were perfectly textured, soft but not mushy. The smoky pangrattato was basically these amazingly crispy bread crumbs. The flavors were all just wonderful & everyone loved this dish.~~SIDES~~* Ricotta gnocchi - 3.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/fran(rapini pesto, toasted walnut)This is definitely different from your average gnocchi. They look like marshmallows & actually are kind of that way in texture too, being lighter/fluffier. They come apart more easily than potato gnocchi under your fork & rather than being chewy, they are like a dense ricotta cheese (to state the obvious..). While it's unique, this was not necessarily the best spin on gnocchi & none of us really loved this dish.~~DESSERT~~* 'Lumberjack' Cake - 4.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/fran(Aztec fuji apple, kumquat, medjool date, maple ice cream. $8)The cake had an amazing dense & moist texture. The ice cream was super sweet & also creamy/heavy. There was also this much harder & sweeter crust under the ice cream. Altogether delicious!* Dark chocolate pudding - 4.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/fran(puff pastry twists, creme fraiche. $8)The twists were crunchy yet maintained a good texture that didn't crumble too easily or was too dry. The chocolate pudding had a dark chocolate taste & was intense, & the creme fraiche a nice subtle sweet.
Some of the best food in SF. Delightful flavored paired perfectly with wine chosen by our server. Hands down amazing service with delicious food.
We were there too early to eat a full dinner so we only ordered main course and wine. The ambience is very nice although it's quite crowded. Food was great! We ordered the steak and quail, both are tasty. The quail is a bit oily to me but my boyfriend likes it very much. I'm definitely impressed by the house wine! Love it very much
Went on a Thursday night. Serves was outstanding, and ask for the bread. We had the market shot ( watermelon). Is was very nice. All the apps we tried were very good. We got three with three people. I would not recommend getting that much the main course is very generously portioned . We got sides, green beans and carrots luckily they forgot the carrots. The main courses were not that good, we got the salmon. Steak and risotto. Salmon was cooked well, but too salty. The steak was very chewy, and not much flavor. The risotto just did not work. If I went back it would for the apps and market shot.
Found this place for a date night dinner while visiting San Francisco. Atmosphere and service were wonderful. Wine was great and we were truly taken care of. However, we did not love the food. The cauliflower and the fig salad were great, but we had a salmon app and the steak entree that were less than thrilled with. They were both very "raw herb/earthy" tasting. This is a neat place, but for the money we would not go back.
Where do I even begin? Great food, spectacular desserts, top notch service! Just Simply one of THE BEST restaurants in SF.
We walked in around 5:30 on a Friday and asked to sit at the bar. They took our name and texted soon after. Wonderful food and wonderful experience. Wine by the ounce is dangerous, in a good way..sort of. We will be back.
Man they pack them in here, and for a good reason! Frances has supplied me with a new love and adoration for the tiny, boutique restaurants. I am loving the intimate, corner nook feel of this restaurant. Smaller venue = better service and fresher food, right? I mean, everything was just cooked to perfection and I'm sure its because the kitchen isn't rushed. They actually get to take their time to perfect their craft.I had the duck, which did not disappoint. The gnocchi is to die for- little pillows of goodness. Wine by the ounce is very fun and a steal of a deal; delicious house table wine. I was shocked by it's quality. Boyfriend had a steak of some sort which I tried and loved (I don't generally love dead cow).Excellent all around!
This was definitely worth the hype for me. We were able to get day-of reservations for Monday night at 7:30 instead of the 5 or 10pm leftovers. As can be gathered by nearly all other reviews, the beignets and lumberjack cake are a must try for first timers, though When I return, I'll definitely get the cake, but pass on the beignets. 3 things that still stand out the morning after: 1. Thorough service. I mentioned to our waitress that I don't eat dairy and she literally went down the menu, through each of the 16 items on there, telling us what dairy was in it and how the dish was prepared relative to butter use. 2. The house wine. $1.50 per each ounce you drink. (...carry the one...about $38 if you drink a bottle worth of wine). I just love that they have a proper house wine. I don't know why more restaurants in SF don't do this 3. One particular side dish - grilled summer squash and roasted fennel in a romesco sauce. Mmmmmmmm I wanted to lick the plate. All-in-all we ordered 2 bouches, 2 entrees, 1 side, 2 desserts, 2 market shots, and a lot of wine for $120 sans tax.
Great cute restaurant. My husband and I enjoyed everything we ordered. We especially loved the beet salad.
The pasta and steak were excellent in a quaint side street location. Definitely worth the turn off the Main Street fare.
All so good and so fresh. Flakey crab tucked into tortellini was scrumptious and duck breast tasted like a juicy pork chop. Small, intimate and made me feel like a prince.
Culinary Delight! Strawberry Tart is a must! The noise level is a negative with sharing tables in cramped quarters! The wine is expensive with disgraceful pours! Worst in SF. Overall food is one of best for price! Gary , HILLSBOROUGH, CA /
While it's a bit hard to get reservations at a decent time, the food here is amazing. The portion size is quite large and service was nice as well. Wish the restaurant was a bit larger, but can definitely appreciate the homey feel. Definitely recommend this place!
So apparently, this place is super difficult to get a reservation at. Luckily my friend made ours 2 months in advance. I guess that's the only way. I would have to say the best part was the service! Polite and helpful server, always brought clean silverware for every new course. Water was always refilled on time. I had the steak. A little tough/chewy, but the flavor made up for it. Dessert was delicious and so was their Americano coffee. Although the experience was great, this is the type of place you eat only once in a great while, unless you're rolling in the doe.
This place was delicious, and I loved the atmosphere! The trout and steak were both excellent, as were our appetizers. I was also impressed that I would have ordered any one of the five desserts on their menu, which is unusual for me. We got the pound cake with pears (delicious) and the chocolate crumble cake (also yummy and a very unique texture). I also really like the decor here. It is very simple and peaceful feeling. And the surrounding neighborhood is super cute.
We were a party of six friends and we ordered about ten different dishes including three main entrees and shared everything. I had the feeling that we should have ordered more appetizers, instead of so many entres which were not ideal to share. We loved the seasonal plum galette and the wine recommendations the waiter gave us! Good service and good food, but a little hectic place!
It's impossible to get a reservation here, and I don't understand why (besides the practical reason that it's a small restaurant). Yes, service is friendly, the atmosphere is quaint, and the prices are super reasonable, but nothing stood out food-wise. This is my third strike from the Eater Top SF Restaurants list (just can't trust them anymore).The bacon beignets were as decadent as advertised and good (not orgasmic, but solid). It's the only thing I'd really order again.. perhaps the spoonbread and fattoush too. I'd pass on the steak and duck breast next time. They were cooked well, but nothing really melted in our mouths. Desserts were okay.
What an incredible restaurant. Went with a group of 4 and everyone was very happy with their meal. We shared a bunch of apps including the Applewood smoked bacon beignets and the grilled beet salad which both are must haves if you haven't had them before. for our next dish, we made it easy for them and we all ordered the Linguine a la Mariniere, which was fabulous. For our entrees, two of us had the trout and two of us had the duck, both which were equally amazing. This restaurant has to be one of the best restaurants in the city. don't miss out..
Finally ate at Frances this past April. I have been attempting to get a reservation at an acceptable time for over a year...literally. Yes, you can get a reservation at 5pm on a Thursday, or 9:30pm on a Monday, but who really wants to do that?Was it worth the wait? Definitely. My boyfriend and I stuck with the Yelp highlights and ordered things like the Market Shot, the Bacon Beignets, the Bavette Steak, and the Lumberjack Cake for dessert!You seriously can't go wrong here, everything on the menu will look amazing, and you will probably have a really tough time deciding what to order. Honestly, I can't even go in detail about the food, because I was on cloud nine the whole time, and everything seems a little fuzzy...the wine probably didn't help.
We got the dock and the steak. I really like the seasoning and the sides on both dishes. I got this elderflower sparkling water thing that was non-alcoholic and really refreshing. The wait for the food was kinda long and the space is really tight. We were pretty much sitting side by side from the other party next to us. But overall really enjoy the ambience in the restaurant. Everyone seems to have a good time.The dessert and appetizer didn't look that appealing to us so we didn't try that. However, since they do change their menu quite frequent, I would definitely come back to sample them in the future.
The food is creative and perfectly prepared. The staff is fun. The environment is perfect for date / dinner with friends / really anything. The only downside are the waits, but they take your phone number, so that's a plus.
We came here because of the hype, we left wondering why there was so much hype.I'm sorry I don't remember exactly want we had, the food was good, but I wouldn't come back because it was just not memorable.Perhaps I was expecting too much
I've been here a few times. The food has been consistently good each time and on one occasion, it was excellent. The service has been superlative everytime. There are a couple of things to note - the portions tend to be smaller, which is great for individualized dining but don't plan to share (more than a bite). Its really hard to get a reservation that is at a reasonable time - I ended up with the early bird special or the night owl. On the flip side, they are very considerate if you want to have a leisurely dinner.
Fantasic food and service. Love how you can order house wine by the ounce!
This restaurant is Heavily overrated, although quite nice on a few of the dishes and some finer details. I came to SF to hit a number of great restaurants and my date and I both agreed that it was not even near one of the best. (If you are wondering, our favs were Flour + Water, Bar Tartine, and SPQR) First, the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets are very, very good. Airy and flavorful, with a very smart dipping sauce composed of creme fraiche and a touch of maple syrup. The Winter Kale Salad was also nice but Very overdressed and was also overpowered by the Gouda mixed in. The Monterey Black Cod seems to be a star dish here, although pretty staid in its preparation and presentation. Another star dish, the Risotto Nero was amazingly bland, with over salted hunks of crab and a pretty tasteless (although VERY nicely textured) risotto. The only two dishes we found to be outstanding were an Onion Soup with delicate parmesan crackers and the Lumberjack Cake dessert. The ice cream that accompanied this cake was definitely the best part and, unfortunately, our waiter informed us that it was Humphrey Slocombe ice cream and not made in house. Slocombe is definitely the best ice cream I had in SF (it beat bi-rite by a mile) but this just seemed like cheating for the price involved.Our waiter was a bit strange. Whenever he would come to our table he would rest his hand on my back which at first I didn't mind but kind of creeped me out by the third time it happened. My date also saw him treat some guests hoping to come in for a walk-in meal a bit rudely. Of course this a very popular restaurant but that doesn't make such behavior ok.Anyway, I could care less about the service. I am just here to say that this place is talked about as one of the top restaurants in SF and it was just kind of mediocre. Good old Zuni Cafe definitely provided us with a better meal and, if you really want new, trendy American fare try 1760. It was way better and way more relaxed.
I don't know what happened to the review I thought I wrote for this business, but having experienced shock and horror not being able to find it, am immediately writing it again.This exceptional New American/French inspired restaurant is a gem (maybe not so hidden any more) and I'm proud to call one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco.Few standout recommendations that I think make it exceptionally unique among a city full of restaurants with fabulous food and terrific service.-Market "shot" - There's a unique, farmer's market-sourced, produce-based, likely alcoholic sip served at $3 a pop. It's usually different and always delicious! In any event, a refreshing and awesome way to start off one's meal.-Wine by the ounce - You can get Frances house red or white in a graduated cylinder like beaker, priced at $1/ounce. Very solid offering, very solid price, and a way to have both red and white with your meal without ordering a bottle, or even drinking a full glass.-Bacon beignets. YUM YUM YUM YUM!!!Seems like all of San Francisco and then some have discovered how exceptional this place is, so it's all but impossible to get a reservation. Few recommendations in this area:-Check back close to day-of to see if there were last minute cancellations-If you're 1-2 people and willing to sit at the bar, I've heard this is a decent way to get in-Whatever you do, don't try to bring more than five people. They don't have the table capacity for it. (Unless you're renting out the whole restaurant, I guess)
Start to finish, it was an amazing dining experience. Onion tart, spinach soup, and panna cotta were my favorite. House wine was a really nice blend as well. I can't wait to come back again.
I dropped in early on a Saturday eve and miraculously got a table. The meal left me uninspired however. I had the steak which was a competent preparation but a bit tough in spots and no punch in terms of flavor. I may have become spoiled when it comes to steak in ST but was expecting a bit more. I am clearly an outlier here though because ratings for this place are through the roof, people are ready to trade in their kidneys for a table. Oh, the house red wine blend was superb, forgot to mention that.
Superb food and service. Started out with the calamari and the panisse frites-both delicious. We had the quail which was tender and flavorful. Dessert was a brown butter pound cake with ginger ice cream which was very good. All ov this accompanied by s lovely bottle of ros. My only criticism is that the tables are very close together.
We have been trying to get into Frances for a while. It is really hard to find a dinner table especially on weekends. Try to book 2-4 weeks in advance. Being quite a small restaurant I won't recommend it for groups larger than 6, it would be all elbows and knees. The service is very traditional, the way it is ought to be efficient and classy. Our server knew the menu by heart and made excellent suggestions, don't hesitate to ask here. The food...what can I say?! Amazing doesn't even begin to describe it. We had the steak (divine) roasted cauliflower (a must order so creamy with figs) and dragon beans (never heared of these but they taste incrediable in heirloom tomato sauce) to finish off we ordered the lumberjack cake (words fail me). The objective of this review is to assure you that Frances is worth every penny and the wait. If you want to impress anyone this is the place to be.
I was pretty disappointed with this place. I had high expectations because of all the raving reviews. I ordered the red snapper with cauliflower and it was just very dry and pretty flavorless. My friend ordered steak and he said it was good but not great. They have a decent wine selection. I didn't order any appetizers because I wasn't as hungry but maybe I should have. Overall I think personally I had a bad experience but to be on the safe side maybe don't order the fish. The menu is small and apparently rotates often which is great and interesting and will lure people back but also maybe some dishes will be more hits and others will be misses.
Amazing food and very good service!We tried the beignets that are super, taleggio and ricotta crespelle amazing!Ink squid linguine with bottarga and the steak..And in the end the chocolate dessert..
our ultimate special occasion place. the flavors are consistently so delicious and balanced, not hidden behind too much salt or butter. we consistently have a wonderful time enjoying the delightful food and intimate feel of the place.
I ate here 4 years ago. I recently came back with the snappy dragon and she loved it. This was her first place she has actually liked in SF. Snappy dragons are hard to please. The food and flavors were executed very well. It was definitely much better than my first time here. I thought this place killed Rich Table. Every dish that we had was awesome. The anchovy pasta, duck, and onion tart were delicious. We will definitely be back.
Named after chef and owner Melissa Perello's grandmother, Frances is a homey little eatery in Castro. Is it mind-blowing? No. But if you'd stumbled on this place while walking around, I'd consider it amazing.Personally, I'd booked a reservation two months in advance. There's no way I could've "stumbled" in here and had a meal. Not only is the place tiny (I think about 30 people fit snugly in here), but it's extremely popular.To eat:+Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets: served with maple chive creme fraiche. No, it doesn't taste like a hot pocket (as previously mentioned); it's like a porky, smoky donut. It's the creme fraiche that makes it delicious.+Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak: served medium rare with a super-buttery lemon risotto, grilled Nardello peppers, chanterelle mushrooms and chimichurri, topped off on-site with a warm Bordelaise sauce. I've noticed that chef Perello adjusts last item to whatever's in season. She's also used fennel pesto in place of the chimichurri.+Local King Salmon: served with a shelling bean sauce, lobster mushroom, green olives, and preserved lemon. The salmon is cooked to perfection. Delicious.For dessert: +'Lumberjack Cake': Gravenstein apple, Medjool dates, and coconut cake served with Humphrey Slocombe's maple-walnut ice cream. The cake is tasty, different, but the ice cream and dates together are REALLY sweet.+Boozy Affogato: Humphrey Slocombe vanilla atop hooch topped with espresso. Whoa mama, this is strong!To drink: +House red: served in a notched carafe that counts ounces (house wine is $1 per ounce, though they have a decent--though small--selection of other wines).
Can't wait to go back!Service was fantastic right off the bat which is always an indication of a good evening. I love when a place will seat you before your entire party arrives - so much better than waiting outside in front.Highlights include::: Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets, smoky, salty and a little sweet. :: Short Rib Hand pie, split in two lovely pieces which were perfect.:: Bavette Steak cooked to perfection, melt in your mouth delicious.:: Lumberjack Cake - order this, you will not be sorry. Apple, pear, coconut and dates OH MY! Served with Muscavado ice cream - WOAH.:: Lavender Scented Pavlova, so yummy and clean tasting, the perfect thing to have last. Great wine selection.Intimate space - a wall of two-tops for the most part. We were lucky enough to sit next to some really nice people who were also having a fun night out. When they left their table on the end of the row, our server let us move over before our entrees arrived which made us stay a little longer and relax.Perfect restaurant etiquette from the wait staff. Didn't clear plates until all diners were finished which I appreciate as a slower eater (takes the pressure off to finish faster).Cloth hand towels in the bathroom are always a plus! Attention to detail...I love it.
Frances is a stellar little restaurant on the cusp of the Castro and the Mission. The place is warm and simple, which I love... Last night was my first time eating here and I thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience.The service was excellent. While our party waited for our table and the last member of our group to arrive, we shared a carafe of the house red wine. The waitress was highly attentive. Immediately as our friend walked through the door, the waitress brought out a fourth wine glass...we didn't even have to ask! Our main waiter was super nice and attentive as well. The food is absolutely superb...EVERY SINGLE DISH. Our table ordered:-Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets with Maple Chive Creme Fraiche-Grilled Beet & Apple Salad with Burrata, Dill and Pistachio-Squid Ink Linguini with Green Garlic, Cortez Bottarga, Lemon and Espelette-Five-Dot Bavette Steak with Cipollini Onion, Salsify and Maitake Mushrooms-Sonoma Duck Breast with Fingerling Potato Confit, Escarole, Crimson Grape Mostarda-Risotto 'Nero' with Sauteed Dungeness Crab, Celery Root and Meyer Lemon-Roasted Cauliflower & Romanesco with Smoky Raisin Jam and Toasted Cashews-Warm Chocolate Stout Cake with Cocoa Anise Crumble, Burnt Caramel and Creme FraicheThe bacon beignets were dreamy...so yummy, and paired with the creme fraiche just took them to another level. I enjoyed the consistency of the beignets, they were nice and donut-like. My favorite part was the essence of pork fat on the beignets (they may or may not have fried them in some sort of pork fat). The beet salad was excellent...the beets were extremely fresh and the burrata was perfectly made - very creamy and stringy. The pistachios added a nice texture to this bouchee. The squid ink linguini was great...the perfectly under al-dente linguini was so tasty with the green garlic and the saltiness of the bottarga roe. The bavette steak...a perfect medium rare and super tender. The maitake mushrooms were earthy and the light sauce paired with the steak had a certain "umami" characteristic, which was absolutely delicious.The duck breast was amazing...the duck was cooked perfectly, super tender, nice fat on the breast. My favorite part of this dish was the grape mostarda...It was flawless with the duck. The risotto was crabby...in a very good way! The black risotto had perfect consistency and there were very large chunks of crab in the risotto.The roasted cauliflower was mind-blowing...if I could make cauliflower and romanesco taste like this, I would eat cauliflower and romanesco every single day. The smoky, sweet raisins go so nicely with the texture element of the cashews. The chocolate cake was very nice...the smell of this cake wafting in the air is so prominent, and it tastes as good as it smells. The cake is nice and rich, paired with the burnt caramel which is extremely intense, but tied together with the creme fraiche makes a well-balanced, delicious dessert. We were all very happy to close a great dinner with this chocolate cake.I will definitely be coming back to Frances. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who likes great quality food with superb ingredients, attention to detail and clean flavors. I better make my next reservation now, as it may take a while to get another table!!!
This place has a really sad cancellation policy. Coming here on vacation from HI, we could not make the reservation because there were delays in our tours. We got charged $25 per head for a total of $100. They said it could be used on our next visit as credit; however, we don't live in SF!! It's understandable that this is probably a small place and reservation cancellations hurts revenue; however, this is not French Laundry. This policy seems more of a deterrent for tourist visiting the area. We called almost 8 hours in advance to let them know that we were having difficulties with making the reservation.  If reservations are always booked shouldn't there be people on a wait list? I'm sure that was more than ample time to book someone else? Seems like business may not be as good as it seems for this restaurant?
Best restaurant I have been to in the city in ages and I went to Gary Danko last week.The risotto was amazing - the peas and mushrooms were so fresh it felt like they'd been picked that morning. I don't know what lumberjack cake is but it's delicious.
Impressive, a place that is well worth visiting. Setup/Arrival: 5/5Opening: 5/5 - Waitress was knowledgeable of winesWine: 4/5 - The menu was great, but definitely a bit too complicated. Recommendations: 4/5Food Quality/Presentation: 5/5 - Wow! From appetizers to the finish.Timing: 5/5 - They really worked to pace it well. Ambiance: 4/5 - A bit crammed, but may be a 5/5 if that is your styleWould I go there again? Hell yeah!
Dining here was an absolute dream! I came to Frances with my Mom and we ended up getting the corner table in the back, which was great because we could see the whole restaurant in action and the kitchen too!To start off we had a wonderful waiter, he was attentive and wonderful.We started with the bacon beignets! Oh my, those were that tastiest things I have ever tried. I want to wake up every morning to a cup of coffee and those beignets. Seriously.Second we had the peppers, which I was fairly warned that one will be VERY hot. And of course, when sharing the dish with my mom, I get that flaming hot pepper. Warning, it ruins your mouth for a good 10 min. Overall, they were yummy!Then the corn soup, ahhhh! That was the most amazing soup I have ever tasted. Beautiful prepared and extra delicious when you dip the bread in it!I also ordered the steak, which was not good, but I will not let that effect my rating nor should it stop you from trying it. I am more of an appetizer girl, and I do believe that more love goes into the apps then the entrees. The whole wait staff was perfect and so polite. This place was definitely a treat! Till next time Frances!
I've been a long-time fan of Frances since it first opened. Never got around to writing up a review because I didn't think I could do it justice!  I just had yet another awesome meal there so I'm determined to record it. What I love about Frances is that everything is always delicious and creative, without feeling pretentious. This also means that it's the kind of "comfort food" (I mean this in the best way possible) that you can go back to eat over and over again. It's kind of like having your mom who happens to be a 2-3 Michelin star chef prepare awesome home-cooked food. This time I went with my sister and her husband, and we ended up sharing a few dishes. As usual, I ordered the house wine, which is always really good, eminently drinkable, and you pay by the ounce! How cool is that.  This particular one blends zinfandel with grenache and something else. We really enjoyed it. Grilled beet salad - delicious, refreshing, with nice texture from the pistachio, and the burrata is so creamy Smoked bacon beignets - the maple chive creme fraiche is delicious, and the smoky flavor of the beignets is fantasticDuck liver mousse with grilled ciabatta - YUM. So tasty, and in nice contrast with the vinegared cippolini onions, sea salt, and a garlic puree. Probably our 2nd favorite dish. The squid ink linguine was the perfect al dente texture, with a really rich seafood taste from the cortez bottarga (tuna). Probably our favorite dish. Baby red russian kale salad - also delicious. The roasted carrots were so sweet they tasted like sweet potato, and the pecorino smoothed out the slightly bitter taste of the kale. The medjool date gave it a nice surprise in the mouth too. Bavette steak - the black chanterelle mushrooms were super rich and flavorful, and the steak was perfectly cooked. Grilled chicories side - with toasted hazelnuts and cider vinaigrette - had this warm bitter taste to it. I'm not really that familiar with chicories but it was really good. In the end, I would literally rate every one of these an A, which is so unusual at most restaurants. We had a delicious meal, and I always love the vibe. Our reservation was at 5:15 and it was hopping by 5:30. For a restaurant to be open nearly 4 years (?) and to still be this popular, you know it's amazing!
Trendy, classy spot with great food and good service! Loved everything at this place, right from the choice of burgundy pinot noir along with the applewood smoked bacon beignets and the roasted beet salad (great combination of beets, burrata, tomatoes, and citrus fruit- i think it was a sweet lemon). Also, the Pacific halibut was cooked to perfection (probably one of the best I have had in a long time!). The side order of the finger ling potatoes and asparagus salad was a good compliment to our entrees.Remember to make reservations well in advance if you are looking for a reasonable time to have dinner, otherwise, last minute availability is limited to 5PM or after 9PM. But definitely a restaurant which lived up to its expectation!
Frances is a very small restaurant and the tables are placed kind of close to each other, so it feels quite crowded. We sat in the corner right next to the window so we got a little bit of extra space, but it was still not very roomy. I'm not a very big person and I found it kind of crowded inside the restaurant, so it probably will not be very comfortable for bigger individuals, especially you'll most likely be there for around 2 hours. The food was decent at Frances. The ingredients were very fresh and you'll actually feel healthy eating their food. The only problem I had was for some reason the dishes we ordered were all kind of sour from the tomato and/or lemon. I love sour food, but it got a little bit too much when every dish was a little bit sour. Maybe when we went it was tomato season, so there was at least one dish from each category (appetizer, entre, side) that had tomato in it, and somehow we got most of those dishes...Anyhow, if you're looking for a place to go for a casual and light dinner, Frances is a decent choice. Expedition #3Food: GoodService: GoodAtmosphere: Casual, a little crowdedAverage price per person: ~$65 (including tax & tips)Parking: Street parking, kind of hard to findTime spent for the meal: ~2hr.
Nothing has changed. The quality, purity of flavors, and subtle complexity of the dishes remain. I could eat the duck liver mousse by the bucketful. It would kill me, but I would die very, very, happy. if you can, leave some room for dessert.
I had high expectations of Frances since it's been on my list of place I've been wanting to eat for awhile. I left satisfied with the great service but the food wasn't quite on point. Don't get me wrong. It was good but it was just missing that last bit to make it a great restaurant. Applewood Smoke Bacon Beignets- they were ok. It was more of a bread/biscuit than a beignet. Steak- It was cooked well but some parts were a little chewy. I rarely need sauce with my steak but this one needed the sauce.Cod- This was ok. The texture of the fish was quite weird because it was cooked all the way it was a little slimy and rubbery. Very hard to describe but it didn't take quite like fish that I am normally used to.i really want to love this place but as of right now it will be on my like list but I'm willing to give it another try.
I've been here 5 or 6 times now, and the main thing that keeps me from coming back is that the menu rarely changes. They definitely have some good staples that I would like to see stay on the menu (like the bacon beignets), but I think the menu literally is the same each time.Of course, house wine in a carafe is charged by the ounce and is very reasonably priced, but I didn't love last night's red. The last few times I really liked the house red.Food:- Bacon beignets: sometimes with more bacon than other times; I like the bacon flavor and the balance from the maple creme fraiche- Panisse frites: they look like fried tofu but are actually a really nice smooth texture inside, and I like the smoked eggplant dip with it- Crab and beet salad: good tangy dressing without being too creamy, nice oranges, but only one piece of crab- Bastilla: special bouche of the day with phyllo and carrots inside- Sunchoke soup: smooth, nice presentation as they pour it over a plate with hummus, dukkah, and crisped sunchokes- Josey Baker bread: served warm with salted butter- Melted leek and white cornmeal spoonbread: served in a cast iron skillet, loved the parmesan and apple butter, but it's pretty heavy- Iacopi butter bean ragout: I don't even like beans, but this butter bean dish was really complex in flavors and textures with the celeriac, charrred broccolini, and soft egg- Sonoma duck breast: I actually just loved the caramelized persimmon and chestnut puree underneath, but I think duck is always a table favorite- Bavette steak: perfect medium rare, love the murhoom confitI always end with the Boozy Affogato.Service is always wonderful. They're great at filling water, good with pacing, and there are little things like when they start off by asking if you have time constraints, etc. I'm a little surprised they haven't been able to get their star back since their food has always been very solid and consistent each time I go. Is it the lack of change in the menu? Regardless, it's still one of my SF favorites.
Instantly one of my favorite restaurants of all time.Surprisingly, there wasn't a wait for walk-ins on Friday night at 7:30. Waitstaff was quite friendly and helpful with the recommendations.Smoked Bacon Beignets: Wowser? Balls of crunchy/doughy/bacony goodnessCornmeal Chicken Wings: Nice flavor and texture, small chicken wingsTagliatelle: Pasta cooked slightly al dente, mouth full of flavor, deliciousness in your mouth.Bavette Steak: Moist strips of steak. Enough said.Wine by the ounce: $1 per ounce, pay for what you drink. Great idea, solid wine, especially for a house blend.Everything was perfection. Drooling just thinking about it. Walk-ins welcome!!
My friend had scored a reservation 2 months in advance so we were excited when the day finally rolled around. However, I was swamped with work and requested we cancel last minute only to be confronted with a $50 cancellation fee... That pushed us into going anyways (though I suffered an all-nighter afterwards as a result).Arriving already a little miffed, we waited quite a bit to be seated. Rumor has it the waiting cost them their Michelin star, though they try to appease you by providing complimentary treats. We were given a dry sherry and pomegranate juice concoction, which was honestly quite delicious. After being seated, the waiting continued as we finished contemplating the menu. In response, they brought us an onion and chive dip with crackers. Once again the offering was delicious, but honestly the service is just conspicuously sluggish. We ordered:-Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Chive Creme Fraiche (perfect combination, no overpowering flavors, and the creme fraiche was so light and sweet I could have eaten it by the spoonful)-Squid Ink Linguine - Green Garlic, Cortez Bottarga, Meyer Lemon, Espelette (was not partial to this, but in general I just do not enjoy the peculiar taste of squid ink)-Bavette Steak - Creamed Kale and Napa Cabbage, Salsify, Maitake Mushroom (the meat was very pink and I usually order medium well, but very juicy and not bloody, super flavorful, and the mushrooms were amazing)Unfortunately we didn't have time for dessert, but the Lumberjack Cake seems worth a try. The overall quality of the food was very good, which compensated somewhat for their lackadaisical service.
It blows my mind that Frances isn't a 5 star restaurant on Yelp. It was easily the best meal I had in San Francisco. We had the applewood smoked bacon beignets, chickpea fritters, grilled calamari salad and linguine with fennel sausage to start. The beignets were amazing. Get as many orders of those as possible. For our next course, we had salmon and quail. Although we were incredibly full, the bold flavors shined and made us continue eating. The service was absolutely incredible. I mentioned I was a culinary student and I had the pleasure of meeting the chef and seeing the kitchen. She was so kind and introduced me to the entire staff. It was so flattering. Next we looked at a dessert menu and we were only going to look. We ended up ordering the hazelnut ice cream with toffee and beignets. When that came out, a meringue with caramelized bananas came out as a thank you for coming from the chef. It was so incredible and we did not want to leave. If I could eat there every single night, I would. It was the best 2+ hour dining experience I've had in a long time. If you're looking for quality, passion, excellent food, service that is even better than the food and a unique dining experience, go to Frances. I would love to go back as many times as possible. It was so incredible.
I kinda feel bad writing this review....I'd been trying to get reservations for weeks now....and then had a spur of the moment inspiration while solo one night to just pop in and see if I could get a seat at their counter (available first-come, first-served)....and viola! I was ecstatic! But I have to say...I left a bit disappointed.Pros:Staff is amazingly attentive and niceServers (male) are very cuteAttention to detail is obviousWine list is greatCons:I tried the grilled calamari, as was recommended on Yelp, and I have to say, I've had better. The tomato confit was a bit overwhelming and the calamari wasn't as fresh as I expected.I also had the quail, which got rave reviews, but the skin was a bit soggy, not crisp at all and although I liked the components of the dish (peppers, corn, potatoes), the dish was lacking a light sauce to balance the fattiness of the quail. I kept wanting to marry all the ingredients on the plate and while all were individually great, the dish just didn't tie together for me.Overall, I am super glad I tried it....but I am not sure I'll go back and even though I am no expert, I am not super surprised that they lost their Michelin star. =(
I would probably normally give Frances 4 stars, but I deduct one for the hype and how difficult it can be to get a table. I've been twice now and the food is good, but it's not amazing. Given how long in advance you must reserve a table, I'd put many restaurants above them in terms of where I'd choose to go. The bacon beignets are definitely a must. We also had the little gem salad which me and my friend found to be good but very tangy. It needed some sweetness like dried cranberries to cut the tang. The dinner portions are nice and well presented. Service was excellent. We also ordered the potato salad starer and green beans side. Both were OK, nothing to write home about.So since three stars on Yelp is "A-OK", that's what I give them. Doubt I'll go back a third time, at least not of my choosing.
Some really good food happening here. Great flavors with sophisticated layers. Nice atmosphere. We had been looking forward to this dinner for some time. The service was off. Enough to make a difference in our meal. We were seated and did not get approached for 20 minutes. That was ok, but a 40 minute wait between appetizers and entre was a deal breaker. We got bored, full and apathetic. To bad, because the food was really tasty.
This review is long overdue, but what spurs me to write it is that I no longer live in the "area" and can no longer go to Frances on a whim, which is what I used to do!I have frequented Frances about 15-20 times over the last 2 years, and I have to say that it is simply my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. That is of course my subjective opinion, but I believe it hits the sweet spot of casual, comfort fare that is amazingly prepared and executed and with a bill that doesn't blow the bank. The food has been amazing every single time I've eaten dinner there. It is one of the most consistent restaurants and dining experiences I've had in the city.My girlfriend and I often walk-in for the bar seats. There are about 10-11 bar seats at the front of the table that are not reserved. On the weekdays (except Friday), you can walk-in around 6-6:30 PM and still get a seat for 2. Parties of greater than 3 may find it hard to sit at the bar or find a spot together.As for what to try, I would say the following: I've found the appetizers/pasta more amazing than the main dishes. That's not a knock on the main dishes at all, but the appetizers allow you to try more variety and share more experiences among a smaller group. Every single one of the soups has been delicious - creamy, flavorful, and expertly prepared. The pastas, especially the squid-ink pastas are always great. If there is a liver mousse, it is a definite must-try as well - if the amount of toast on the dish isn't sufficient, just ask for more! The chef used to have a chicken liver mousse that was simply amazing, but wasn't brought back for awhile. Now it looks like the duck liver mousse is back, and I'm so grateful - the mousse is simply to die for - rich, but not overwhelming, with a good complement of the sweetness from the jam to counterpoint the richness/saltiness of the liver.The entrees I would definitely try are the steak and duck. Actually, the entrees have been made even better over time. The current steak entree on the menu is better than the one I tasted 2 years ago - it is a staple on the menu, but continues to evolve and get even better, if that's possible.The dessert to try is the lumberjack cake - it is amazing, as is the in-house ice cream they make. Often times my girlfriend and I will just get two scoops of ice cream because we love it so much.One last note - Frances' food is all about subtlety. The flavors are not so in-your-face as to overwhelm your taste buds - which is a GOOD THING. With each bite, you can savor the complex flavors that are present - from the meat, the broth/sauce, and the vegetables. After eating at many of the top restaurants in SF, for me it hits the spot of excellently prepared and executed food, served in a non-pretentious, casual environment. You can tell the attention to detail that the chef has made to each and every dish, to every detail of the service, and to the decor. Yet, it doesn't feel stuffy or forced. You have to eat here!
Perhaps my favorite restaurant in the city. Get the brussel sprouts, duck confit soup, and any of their specials.
We have been wanting to try Frances for a long time because we had heard it was so good. It really has stood the test of time. It is a true classic. We felt the food was very good, hearty, nice flavors. It could use a little updating tho the entree recipes are good for comfort food. The Appetizers really shined and were more interesting than the entrees. We will try it again.
We celebrated our 10 year wedding anniversary here. Since we don't live in SF, we had our 5 month old in tow. Even though the restaurant is not technically kid friendly, the staff was very accommodating and the meal was exceptional. Luckily our child slept through dinner, so we were able to enjoy every amazing course. The servers made excellent recommendations to round out our course selection. They have a fabulously appropriate wine selection too. Would definitely go back! The atmosphere is perfect!
After wanting to come here for about 2 years, finally got to try with a group of 5 women the other night. Our 8pm reservation was late getting up from their table, so we stood outside having a glass of wine while the hostess kept us informed and they sent the table some complimentary fritters upon getting seated. Look, I'll snack on some fried chickpeas mushed up as a fry anytime, but these were divine. Because there were 5 of us we got to try many items on the menu. All a bit small portions and not just because we were sharing. The hit of the night for me was a seasonal in-house made pasta. Exactly what I want in a dish like that. Also had a couple appetizers, salads and entrees. The one thing I will say is that they prepare everything perfectly -- salmon, quail, steak. But all dishes come in an expected way. Frances isn't really pushing culinary boundaries. But as far as perfectly done food, service and atmosphere go, they nail it all.
3.5 stars. Given all of the great feedback from my friends, I had high expectation, but just didn't quite deliver. Quite traditional french fare with pretty loud ambience where the tables are really packed in. Disclaimer: I lived in paris for 18 months, so my standard for french food could be a lot higher than others.the best dish was the vegetarian cassoulet. beignets are a lot worse than brenda's. squid ink tagliatelle was not as good as flour & water or rich table. I like the cucumber appetizer. the dessert was a bit sweet for my taste. american comfort food rather than rich decadent desserts.
Overall, a very good meal for a reasonable price but it didn't quite blow me away. Our app and dessert were both excellent but entrees weren't amazing and I wasn't a huge fan of the ambiance which is loud, with tables smushed right against each other. Reservations are super hard to get here - we made them over a month in advance and were only able to get 5:15 on a Sunday.  We were running late today and we called them and let them know. They were very nice about it and said they could hold our table for 30 minutes past the reservation. It took us awhile to find street parking (they don't have valet) and we made it there just in the nick of time. We were seated immediately.We shared the chilled corn soup as an appetizer ($12). Creamy corn soup is poured over chunks of avocado, creme fraiche, pickled chanterelle mushrooms and cornmeal wafers.  We both agreed it was excellent. For our entrees, my husband had steak ($28) and a vegetarian cassoulet ($18). My husband enjoyed his dish and I tried it and agreed the steak was tasty. He particularly enjoyed the accompaniments, which were more creative than the usual potatoes. My cassoulet was ok but it felt like they sort of just dumped the beans, squash, and cheese in a pot together. There weren't a whole lot of other flavors going on and it was hard to get more than one ingredient in a single bite. For dessert we shared a chocolate stout cake ($9) which was great. It was warm (but not liquid or anything) and was dark and rich. It had some crushed cookies on top that gave it a nice crunch and an excellent burnt caramel sauce around the base. There is complimentary bread on request but they just bring you out a slice each instead of giving you the loaf.Note that the menu changes frequently and is very limited, with only 4 entrees. I think I would have enjoyed my entree more if they'd had something more to my tastes but none of the entrees today grabbed me. I love to order fish in restaurants but the only fish entree on the menu was tuna, which I don't like. As I mentioned I wasn't a fan of the ambiance which was a little too "cool" for me. The tables are all super close together and we had to listen to the conversation of the insufferable, name-droppy couple sitting next to us. It's also loud and I had difficulty hearing both my husband and the waiter. The service was good, although our dishes, particularly the entrees, took a very long time to come out. I'd definitely come back if I lived in the neighborhood but I'm not sure its quite as much a destination place as the Yelp reviews would have you believe.
Bacon beignets: A+Little Gem Salad: ASteak: B+Corn spoonbread: A+Beans w/ tomato jam: AOzark Pudding dessert: A-Adorable atmosphere, nice neighborhood, reasonable prices, pay-what-you-drink house wine. Highly recommend!
***Frances utilizes high quality, fresh and seasonal ingredients and has a kitchen that can optimize the texture, moisture and flavor of each of those ingredients (and at reasonable prices); that being said, I did not love the flavor combinations at Frances; the restaurant did show enough potential that I would be willing to give them another chance***Frances resides in Castro near Mission and it is my kind of restaurant. It is small with a simple and straightforward decor. The menu is simple too. The small menu features great sounding and reasonably priced dishes with inviting ingredients. Despite the restaurant's high acclaim, all entrees are under $30. With all of this, there is much to like about Frances, but I did not walk away loving Frances as much as I should have.Frances' decor is good. It is simple, clean and contemporary. The restaurant sits right smack dab in a neighborhood and it definitely has that neighborhood restaurant feel. There are a few tables. They also have a small bar to accommodate walk-ins; it is a tight squeeze though and it fills up quickly.The menu consists of bouchees, starters, entrees, sides, and desserts. Complimentary bread is available upon request. They did provide almonds and they were good--crunchy, salty and nicely roasted.I started with one of their bouchees--baked Cherrystone clams with winter greens, fennel, bacon cream, and toasted bread crumbs. It was like a clam chowder amuse bouche. The flavor was good. It had a good bacon flavor but was not too salty. It was also creamy and moist; the bread crumb topping was nicely crispy.The clams were diced too small though. The bouchee kind of lost both the clam flavor and chewy texture.For my appetizer, I had the duck confit salad with baby kale, crispy fried shallots, fennel, and Medjool dates. I was disappointed with the presentation. I was hoping for a full duck leg on the bone (it was shredded here). The duck was pretty good--crispy on the outside with moist flesh (kind of a small portion).The baby kale was good and the Medjool dates were as expected--very sweet. I liked the fennel. The shallots were a little too crunchy for my taste--it would not have been that bad if it was smaller and a more garnish-like portion, but the portion here was big.The salad was fresh, but it was also too acidic from the heavy dousing of vinaigrette (especially at the bottom of the plate where there was a lot of dressing). The acidity of the dressing kind of ruined the salad.My entree was pan roasted duck and the duck was nicely done. The outside skin was very crispy while the meat was very soft (softer than the duck I had at Manresa and Bottega Ristorante). The duck also had a good flavor.While I liked the duck, I was not a fan of the sides. The carrots and other vegetables were nicely cooked and tender though I did not like the polenta-like puree at the base of the plate. It did not have a great flavor. There was also too much of it and its blandness kind of lessened the impact of the other ingredients (arugula, cara cara oranges).I think the duck could be done really well here, but the mushy and bland sides really did not showcase the protein in the best possible light.Dessert was good. I had the chicory panna cotta, which was topped with an espresso gelee and blood orange. The panna cotta was a very generous portion and it was quite good. It was very creamy and the panna cotta had a great coffee flavor (nice and distinct). The citrus on the top was fresh and tart, but it was kind of unnecessary.There was also a garnish of chocolate sea salt cookies. These looked dry, but they were actually pretty good--crisp and with a rich chocolate flavor.Service was good. The food came out at a quick pace and the staff was personable and polite.As mentioned, prices were good. The portions are not incredibly big, but they are generous enough where you can get out of here with a filling meal but also still without having to spend too much--at least when compared to SF's other highly rated restaurants.Frances features the kind of upscale rustic cuisine that I like. They also utilize high quality, fresh and seasonal ingredients. And best of all, they cook those ingredients with great technique to deliver food with the right texture, moisture and flavor. Despite all of that, I did not love the dishes I had. It might have been that I just ordered the wrong dishes (the steak dish looked incredibly good).While I did not love Frances, it showed enough potential that I will likely make a return visit and would also recommend it if you are looking for a high-end San Francisco restaurant that is not too expensive.Parking is hard to find, but you should be able to find street parking if you are willing to walk a little.
Everything is amazing here!! From the Josey Baker bread to the Bavette steak. I can't wait to go back! I still dream about those bacon beignets...Order:- Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Chive Crme Frache- Grilled Bavette Steak - English Peas, Ramps, Fingerling Potato and Crme Frache- Charred Asparagus, Pickled Ramp Vinaigrette, Pangrattato- Brioche Fritter - Albion Strawberries, Buttermilk Panna Cotta, PistachioTIP: Make reservations way in advance.It's not a huge restaurant, and they are definitely high in demand ;)
Food at Frances is doubtless good, not sure however it deserves all the hoop-la it gets.Here is the run down:- bacon beignets - good and really interesting - probably the most creative dish we had there- Panisse fries - ok- duck - good- fish - forgot what fish was exactly - ok and underwhelming- lumberjack cake - good but a bit on the heavy side when it comes to sugarSo - is it worth a visit? Absolutely YESIs it worth the wait and the price? Not from my point of view...
After staying in San Francisco for 4 nights, Frances was the restaurant where we had our most DELICIOUS meal! Here is what we ordered: Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Delicious! Slightly crispy on the outside but fluffy and full of flavor on the inside. This came with a side of the Maple Chive Creme Fraiche which was perfectly flavored and slightly sweet. Paired perfectly with the beignets.Local King Salmon - Salmon had great flavor and veggies were not overcooked. Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak - Our FAVORITE dish of the night! The steak was cooked to PERFECTION--medium rare. They also poured au jus/gravy over the steak and it was AMAZING; you could taste the sweetness of the wine in the gravy that was poured over the steak; and the figs were a very unconventional yet ingenious pairing with the tender meat, along with the Porcini Mushrooms. In my opinion, this dish is a MUST ORDER.Wine - 2011 Medlock Ames Cabernet/Merlot/Cab Franc, Alexander VAlley - Couldn't recommend a better wine to pair with the dinner.Lumberjack Cake - This dessert was very good. I especially loved the Muscovado Ice Cream. I am a chocolate lover and usually go for more rich desserts, but it was nice to do a lighter tasting dessert for a change. What I loved most about this restaurant is how clean everything tasted. The chefs did a wonderful job at not over-doing it with spices. You could taste the individual flavors of every piece of meat, vegetable, fruit and sauce on the dish without it all tasting like each other.
It's hard for me not to give this place 5 stars. I had a great time there and I enjoyed each course very much. I am glad one of my best friends recommended this place. You need to make a reservation way in advance but it is worth it. it is located in a nice area, parking was a little tough but with good luck, you could find parking spots just a few blocks away :) I have read so many reviews saying this place was noisy and that's absolutely true but it didn't bother me at all. The setting is intimate and the restaurant is small but I don't see those things as a bad thing. I really enjoyed my time there. I had an awesome meal and I just had to share it cause that's how good it was. The wine was great and the food even better :) I had the bacon beignets to start and they were perfectly fried, not too doughy and the creme fraiche that came with them was really good. Then I had the cauliflower veloute for my appetizer. The cauliflower was crisp and nutty and the veloute was smooth and luxurious. I really really loved this dish! For my entree, I went with the Five dot bavette steak. It was perfectly cooked and paired with an onion broth that complimented it nicely.All the desserts were tempting but I chose the boozy affogato. This reminded me of the Ile flottante. And even if I am not a vanilla kind of person, I really really loved this dessert. When the vanilla ice cream melts in the coffee, then in your mouth...I think that everybody who visits San Francisco has to try Frances, it is pricey but the food is just that good!
WHOA. frances had me at hello...now let's cut to the chase and get to the food.1) applewood smoked bacon beignets - ugh...so freakin good. probably the best beignets i've had in the city. they were crispy on the outside...soft on the inside...and the maple chive creme fraiche was the perfect complement. a must order!!!2) spugnole pasta - say what? served with porcini mushrooms (delish) and English peas. i pretty much licked the plate when we were done with the pasta. the pasta was cooked perfectly...the peas were real! and the mushrooms gave the dish some texture. a 2nd must order! and probably my favorite dish of the night.3) baked cherrystone clams - baked with lacinato, fennel, bacon, and white corn. also very good and fresh...but i think i could pass on this item next time. comes in an order of 3 but you can add more. we ordered 4. 4) five dot ranch bavette steak - another winner! steak was cooked perfectly...the white corn polenta was the best polenta i've ever had! the sauce was magical...soooooo good!!!5) spring onion and asparagus gratin - a perfect side to our main course. ok...the acme bread...a guy walks around with piping hot sliced bread. he'll ask you if you prefer and outer or inner piece. just leave the whole loaf at my table please! i heart acme bread...especially when it's steaming hot like that. drool!for dessert, we ordered the buttermilk panna cotta. served with marin wildflower honey, seascape strawberrry granite, and pistachio sable. i'd have to say this was the only disappoint of the night...although it was good, i'd rather skip out and try something else. for drinks, wifey ordered a jalisco sunrise. strong...but tasty and refreshing. i ordered a shot of something...i can't remember what they called it. anyhoo, it changes daily depending on what's fresh. my shot was with some red wine and berries. $3 for 3 ounces...totally worth it. the service was decent...all of our food was spaced out perfectly and they kept our table very clean. the water was never empty. although he seemed a little flustered, he got the job done. no complaints really...just nothing memorable. but really, that's all i ask for. =Dthis has to be my new favorite find in the city. make sure reservations are made as this place was already packed at 5pm. it took me 3 months to get a reservation through open table...so plan ahead!
Loved it. Great meal. Worth all the hype. We ate like pigs.Do yourself a favor and make a reservation. People sat outside on the street waiting hours for a table.
I really wanted to be blown away by this place. We waited so long to eat here. In the end, it was okay.- Service was very nice, pleasant, relaxed but punctual.- Kale salad was nice.- Market shot (made out of daily fresh fruits) is fantastic. This would be worth coming here to sit at the bar and drink this totally unique thing.- Duck mousse had a slightly sweet overtone, and far too much/too rich without enough baguette on the side.- Bacon beignets were doughy and kind of oddly flavored like cheap shrimp chips.- Chickpea fritters were okay, basically fancy french fries, kind of dry, slightly overdry.- Squid ink linguine was very salty, probably too salty.- Cod main dish was a little bland.Overall, maybe it didn't feel worth the price/wait.
Awesome food. Quaint. Lively. Betty and I just ordered a bunch of the bouchees for our dinner and had the $1 per oz house wine which was a great deal. 24 oz of wine $24! The bacon beignets were great as were the panisse frittes (chickpea flour fritters). So crisp on the outside and custard-like on the inside. The charred spring onion dip with lavash was a bit salty but very good. The baked clams were tasty and I liked the toasted bread crumbs on top of the creamy diced mixture. The service was great and the atmosphere homey. Definitely one of my favorites in the city. Reservations are scarce, try as soon as you know when you want to go. You can schedule starting 60 days out.
You can't go wrong at Frances and their 4.5 stars boast that reality. I've eaten here on many occasions in the last 3 years and have never had anything but a stellar experience, both in terms of food and service. This can be a special occasion spot, or if you don't mind eating late, you can be almost certain to get a last minute rez on a Monday or Tuesday night on Open Table.
A wonderful gem tucked away in the corner of the Castro. Went a few weeks ago with some friends after being told by co-workers that it is their favorite restaurant in the city. It was pretty difficult to get reservations but one day when I was looking on OpenTable, there was a reservation open that I could make so it was fate!Looks like the menu changes often depending on what ingredients are available. Was looking forward to trying the duck but it was not available the day we went. We had the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets and Grilled Calamari to share, and I ordered the Ft. Bragg King Salmon (others ordered the Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak and the Stuffed Tolenas Farm Quail). Calamari was delicious. Salmon was cooked perfectly. Beignets I was looking forward after reading yelp, but feel that Brenda's crawfish beignets were better (they are quite different, and maybe it's not fair to compare the two). I usually skip dessert but the Lumberjack cake was too tempting to pass up, so I split it with a friend. I'm glad we got it :DOverall, wonderful food, warm homey feeling and surprisingly affordable! I think it could use some more variety in terms of menu items, but can understand it's probably difficult with a smaller restaurant like Frances. Wonderful experience, and I'll be back again (so long as I can get a reservation!)
Making a reservation months in advance because you've heard so much about a restaurant has its drawbacks, but the reality is my whole experience here came down to bread...of all things.This was the second reservation we had with Frances, as I had the flu when our first reservation came around and we had to cancel. So, having waited, literally, about a year to eat here, we were excited!Started with the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets and the Duck Liver Mousse. Weren't blown away by the beignets, but the mousse was amazing! Loved every bite of it, so creamy and tasty. Then we moved on to the Spring Garlic Soup, minus the calamari (not a big fan and my husband is allergic). This was another hit for me.And this is where the problem started. The timing between appetizers and entrees was pretty long, considering. We noticed the table next to us ask for bread and get a couple of pieces each within seconds...so we thought, what the heck and asked for bread also. About five minutes later we were told that they had to make some more bread so it was going to be awhile. So, thinking the entrees were probably on their way, we canceled the bread. Another ten minutes went by and we were just sitting there with empty glasses, no bread, and no entree. The waiter chose this moment to try to make amends by telling me that he was really sorry, they just didn't have enough bread at the time we asked...which is pretty lame, sorry, considering how long some people wait to eat here. Do you really want a 6 month wait to end with an apology for not enough bread being made?My entree was the Grilled Bavette Steak, which wasn't even memorable, and I don't think it's because of the bread...it was pretty and cooked well, but it was just like a bridesmaid's dress. Served its purpose, but maybe it wasn't meant to be the star.If I did ever eat here again, I'd come for the appetizers and go somewhere else for the entree. Oh, and if you think you might want bread during the meal you want might to let them know when they confirm your reservation.
Pretty good. We definitely enjoyed our meal buuuut, kale with the steak was a bit salty, linguine was a bit salty, broccolini was a bit salty in some parts. I'm also giving them three stars because I don't believe the beef was grass fed which I feel like a restaurant of this "caliber" should serve. Was everything organic? I don't know. Sure it's locally sourced but does that mean organic? Service was excellent.
Fantastic neighborhood restaurant but reservations can be a nightmare. A couple of friends of mine managed to get a table - apparently it was the only open reservation left for the entire month. Don't try to walk in neither. I saw a group of five tried to crash it for dinner and got turned down pretty quickly. Oh Frances, you so popular.After dining, I can see why. The food was great. The service was good. And the house wine tasted was decent for being house wine. Another plus is that it's conveniently close to muni if you happen not to live in the area. I'd definitely come again if I can ever manage to get another reservation...
House wine is charged by the ounce! The bacon beignets are as good as people say they are. Chicken with kale salad = bomb. Everything was delicious. Their desserts were remarkable. Would love to try the white corn crab soup.Ask for the Acme bread!
Starting the New Year at Frances sets the bar very high for the rest of 2015. I purposely did not dine out to celebrate the year because most restaurants have set menus and then someone always is not happy.Frances offers a few choices in each category, amuse bouche, appetizers, main courses and does them all so well. Rarely do I give the five star rating unless I've eaten several times at a restaurant but I am certain that all the items I didn't try were also perfect.Intimate, focused service, no unwanted intrusions of waiters telling you what you are eating. Timing of food was spot on, close enough to other diners and yet noise level such that we could have a private conversation and then a friendly chat with a satisfied couple next to us.Bacon beignet with maple creme fraiche, an outstanding sunchoke soup with dukkah, trout on a bed of cauliflower and pearl barley, lumberjack cake to split. Two glasses of wine for me as suggested by our waiters to pair were all I needed to set me right. Like many wonderful restaurants here you must call a month in advance but what fun to look forward to another night at Frances.
Dear Frances, you are worth the wait! Thank you for teaching us patience.I made reservations 2 months in advance. When the big day arrived, we were not disappointed. Wow, everything from service to food was well coordinated. Every dish was amazingly fresh, light, and flavorful. The panisse frites was airy and crispy and the tender duck breast made me groan in ecstasy (symphony in my mouth). The dark chocolate pudding left us in blissful silence. We all agreed this may have been one of the best meals of 2013. Luckily there are more months left to see if we can top it.
We were very excited to come here after waiting a month for a reservation. While some things were very good I was overall underwhelmed. We found the service to be hit and miss. At some points we had 3 people helping us and then we would be oddly left alone for like 20 minutes. The quail was fantastic, the risotto a true let down. The beet and apple salad was divine, and the little gem salad was nothing that you wouldn't find at a Whole Foods salad bar. We expected perfection given the reputation but it did not live up to the hype.
Frances is absolutely amazing! I've never had a bad meal here, and the ambiance is great. The restaurant itself is tiny, so I highly recommend making a reservation...however, I have been able to get lucky the past two times and get a walk-in bar seat. The food is incredible. I started with the bacon beignets (a mouthful of heaven), the charred spring onion dip (delicious), mid course was the squid ink tagliatelle and creamy spinach soup (high recommend both), and finished with the salmon and ricotta gnocchi (pretty rich together, but tasty).I usually NEVER order dessert but I could resist getting the dark chocolate pudding which I ended up renaming "pot de sex". I think that explains how good it was....The best part of this place is that they offer a house white and red for $1/ounce. So essentially they give you a 20oz carafe and only charge you for what you drink....and its well made wine!This place is a San Francisco must!
Frances is my favorite restaurant in the city so far. This is really the best value for money you can get, folks. The ambience is wonderful. Not at all pretentious, and the waiters are so nice and helpful.The only downside is that you have to make a reservation two months in advance. But that's only because it's THAT AMAZING. The menu changes regularly. Everything is delicious, but in general I've enjoyed the small plates and bouchees more than the entrees. Plus you get to try more things that way. The chickpea fritters are pretty phenomenal. I also recommend getting the house wine, which you pay for by the ounce, and the market shots! They use such fresh ingredients. It's really a delight. I can't wait for my next trip!!
Wanted to show my man one of the most raved about restaurants in San Francisco, so I booked reservations for Frances.Accidentally booking the reservation for the following Wedsnesday, one of the workers was kind enough to squeeze us in since we were only in town for the week. The bacon beignets were amazing! I've never had beignets that were fried, and really enjoyed the light crisp exterior, and warm chewy interior! The creme fraiche went along very nicely. However, we where a little underwhelmed with the entres. We ordered the duck and the black cod. The quality was definitely there and the skill and execution of the dishes was quite evident. But the actual flavors used in the dishes were too bland for our palettes. Even the crispy potato fingerling side dish we ordered came out cooked, but lacked the crispy. On the bright side, we enjoyed dessert! Apple pie with meyer lemon ice cream was a very nice touch. The apple pie came out in a little tartlet sprinkled with sugar, and was both flaky and crisp. I wish that there menu wasn't as limited.
My first visit here was over a year ago. I can't recall all the details from that visit except that I remember being wowed by the food! An experience I haven't had with some of San Francisco's other one star Michelin restaurants. I came here for my anniversary a couple weeks ago and it was just as wonderful as the first time.We started out our visit here with wine, of course. We were celebrating, but didn't want to break the bank, so we ordered their house red wine. They offer house red and white wines for $1 an ounce. They bring you a small carafe of wine and charge you based on what you drink. The wine is a blend created by their beverage director every day.I like the way their wine list is broken out. Rather than arranging it by grape varietal, the menu has a brief description of the wine types, such as full bodied whites or light rustic reds. It makes it easier to select a wine that you will prefer.We ordered a bunch of food to share. For our meal we started out with the smoked bacon beignets. How could we resist getting those? They were amazing! The aroma was so lovely I sat impatiently as my boyfriend took a picture before I could grab one.Next we had the chilled white corn soup and a dish with slow roasted beef and vegetables. The second dish was good but couldn't stand up to the wonderful flavors in the corn soup. It had pickled chanterelles, brokaw avocado and cornmeal tuile. I never thought I would find a mushroom that I enjoyed the flavor of as much as truffles, but these chanterelles were delicious little bursts of flavor. Wow! It was my favorite dish of the night!For our entrees we had the five dot ranch bavette steak and the roasted chicken. The steak was cooked to perfection. It a flavorful dish with peppers, chanterelle mushrooms and chimichurri sauce. The chicken was great too. It made me think of Julie Child's description of having chicken for the first time in France. It's not because the ingredients were identical, this chicken had herbs and fingerling potatoes and mushrooms. It was because rather than simply flavoring the chicken, the ingredients seemed to make the chicken taste more "chickeny." The texture of the chicken was incredibly tender too.Finally to satisfy my sweet tooth, we got the chocolate stout cake with cocoa anise crumble, dark caramel creme fraiche. The cake was rich and chocolatey, not too sweet. We shared the raspberry and meyer lemon trifle with raspberry gelee, lemon curd and toasted pistachio macaron. I loved the mix of the tangy fruit flavors. We had delicious blue bottle coffee too.Service was prompt and friendly. The only downside of this restaurant is that it's small, so you can't come with a big group and it's difficult to get a reservation. They do keep a few stools at the bar for walk-ins. You can make reservation a couple months in advance and it's well worth the wait.
Such a delicious meal, every plate was to die for and had me so intrigued as to how they came up with the flavor and texture. There was always something extra that kept us wondering. The Puttanesca and Duck were my favorites. Our server was great, short brown hair and beard, sorry I forgot your name, thanks for taking such good care of us. Highly recommend Frances, everything was the perfect summer dish.
Lucked out when my group of 4 walked in and we were able to get a table. Food was delicious, service was great. I had a steak which was delicious.
Over-rated in my honest opinion. Bottom line, their loss of their Michelin star makes sense.We were hopeful and looking forward to our meal here after waiting nearly 2 months.We had the black cod, the vegetarian pasta, bacon beignets, and 2 sides. Can't say the flavors were there. Somewhat uninventive and plain approach to preparing fish. Also seems like they add heavy whipping cream to everything (kind of like a mucus blast.)Service was ok, had an empty bottle of water for most of the evening that should have been refilled.
We absolutely loved this place! I couldn't even imagine how delicious the food was! We've been waiting forever to eat here and finally had the chance to do so! Oh my goodness my fellow Yelpers! Let me tell you a little something...What's better than great food and a highly recommended local SF hotspot? Wonderful service! So, I heard the restaurant is named after Grammy Frances. You know what? She's probably rolling over in her grave right now as she reads this review. She notices a great review with only ONE star, ZERO if I could make it happen.Well, Grammy Frances.. I have something to tell you. I don't know who is running your restaurant, but they are just ruining your fine name. Yeah, the food is probably good.. All we had the chance to eat was the bacon bread. Your employees call them beignets, but they're confused. It isn't bad, but I wouldn't write home about it. The service was terrible, of epic proportions. Melissa treated my partner and I like we were the ugly step children. How did we know this, you might ask? We heard her whole conversation with everyone else. Maybe it was our skin color or choice of partner. I couldn't figure a thing out, except we were treated really poorly. I usually don't waste my time with long reviews and wasted words but... THEY took my credit card and walked off WITH my card for 6 minutes. I sure hope they don't try to commit fraud with my credit card. Sure would be a shame for them to try. I would advise that if you were to complain about anything when you're here, pay cash or hope you have a very good credit card.Thank goodness for my Chase Sapphire Preferred card, I called them and told them if any suspicious charges arise .. To notify me and do a phone verification.What a waste of time, right? I'll update you if something happens. Anyway, I didn't want to waste my time with speaking to anyone but my partner just so happened to run into the 'General Manager Robert' on the way out.I'm going to wrap it up because this is such a waste of my time.GM Robert: Oh so sorry you had bad service. Again, sorry you felt that way. Oh sorry you didn't like the way you were treated. Oh sorry you think that. Oh sorry that you're leaving, oh well! Maybe next time if you come, she will treat you better!Ok first, Grammy Frances.. I am so sorry that this guy is the General Manager of your establishment. It's such a shame that arrogance gets in the way of good ol food. Ma'am, it's just not the same these days. People get high ratings and treat customers like a number. They don't care to address the problems. Instead, they treat anyone that doesn't absolutely love them... Like junk. You know what my papa used to say to me? He said that if no one ever complained about anything, that means something's wrong. It means that there's a problem and someone's covering it up or brushing it off like it's of no concern. He's a wise man.Treat customers like you want to be treated and people will love you and always come back. So Grammy Frances, if I feel like I would never come back after meeting GM Robert and server Melissa.. Isn't that a sign that maybe a change is in order?TLDR; Melissa is a horrible server. GM Robert is a terrible leader. Instead of offering help, he kept repeating 'Sorry that you felt that way'. If you decide to dine here, make sure that they aren't working that day. Or dear, I hope they will read this and change the way they are. I really do hope they just take it as a learning experience. Also, they took my credit card in the back room for 6 minutes. For what? I don't know? Copy the numbers down? Beware of fraudulent charges! The bacon bread isn't a beignet. More of a piece of bread with bacon bits scattered in. Tons of restaurants that will treat you like they'd treat themselves. Don't waste a single penny here.I left my phone number on my receipt so they would call me. So far, no calls. Let's see if they give a flying pig about customers.*EDIT* My friends and relatives actually live on 17th, one block away. They've been coming here since December 2009, when it opened. They haven't been here for awhile but ahh yes now I know why this place has changed. The previous General Manager Patrick Tsui departed Frances for a new adventure when Robert Wright came in to run what Patrick left behind. Patrick left some VERY big shoes to fill as he was there since inception. So, I can see why he's the way he is. Sad, really. I hope Frances could find a better replacement than Robert Wright.
Since most things have been said - I will just give you some juicy tidbits:1. Order the chickpea fritters (you won't be sorry)2. Every bite of the steak entree is delicious, from the tender steak cuts to the bean ragout to the spinach3. The ricotta gnocchi look like marshmallows and are as light and fluffy as them too4. If you're not a wine snob, the house wine (red or white) for $1/oz is the way to go....sometimes you just randomly want to have 4 ounces of wine....
Pretty great. Reservations weren't too difficult (lots of people cancel when closer to the time). Very nice server who was accommodating to my allergies. Food took awhile to come out.We had:free lightly roasted almonds - this is like crack for me. i used to make something similar all the time :)bacon beignets - my dinner mate said they were pretty damn fatty, but tasty. The creme fraiche sauce tasted a lot like a sweet ranch to me.baked clams - pretty damn tasty.salad with crispy shallots and cheese - The salad had super fresh crisp greens. Loved that part. I think the acid in the sauce was grapefruit, and I prefer my dressing a bit less sweet. Mainly, I got this for the cheese that was mentioned, but I completely forgot it was suppose to even have any till the last few bites, where I tasted 2 small slivers. Was sad about that, as it would've rounded out the dressing better. Maybe my dinner mate somehow got all the cheese. I was also hoping they could just fry some shallots without breading, but it wasn't possible so I didn't eat it with that element.sole - super super light and pretty tasty. I wanted more salt (as with everything). The green sauce was really light but tasted great and lightly of the sea (I drank the remains :). Perfectly cooked fish with great texture. The smallish mussels were nice too.bavette steak - A bit chewier than I hoped for. Sauce/gravy was tasty though. I preferred the fish.yellow flower green tea - this was awesome. It was very similar to a very light dragonwell (one of my fav teas)/white tea hybrid. Chestnutty, creamy, sweet, savory. Omnomnom...Great experience here. Unfortunately both of us got a bit of a stomachache afterwards, I'm not sure if it was a coincidence. Eh, worth it.
For the price and hassle I was very disappointed my second time around. First time was amazing, but the second time was a complete let down regarding the house wine, appetizers and mains. Definitely won't be visiting again
Delicious local inventive food. I was pleased from the moment we stepped inside until we left. We tried several starters including the bacon beignets, stuffed clams and yogurt dip with lavash. I had the lamb which was seasoned and cooked to absolute perfection. The cabbage side was to die for. Service was attentive but unrushed. The only thing that could have been better was the noise level. It was almost impossible to maintain conversation without shouting across the table and that's not very far. I do think we were unlucky to be seated next to an exceptionally loud woman. We can't wait to return and will do so the next time we are in town.
This was outstanding! Not one bad thing here. Bacon beignets, summer squash linguine, and loganberry cake all were just some of best things ever. This is a must when in San Fran. Short and sweet menu. The coffee is outstanding as well.
casual weekday dinner reservations...table ready and staff welcoming...seated and wine first...hiedler gruner moderately priced at $42 bottle...clean and succulent...slight tang and dense flow...quick to drink for a group of 4 and taking another bottle...requesting the josey bread...finding hearty and good with a wedge of butter...order of bacon beignet $8 for 4...small fluffy fried pastry balls with bacon flavor...seems overly hyped...micro peppers decent, but not worth the $8...grilled calamari at $8 is excellent...skip the bacon balls and peppers...get more orders of the calamari...tender and fantastic seasoning... linguine at $14 is pasta perfection...magnificently cooked pasta with perfect chew...thick meaty sauce...taking a second order because it was so good...more gruner!...third bottle requested to wash down the starters and on to the main...$27 tender quail succulent...clean and not overcooked crisp...filet of salmon with skin just perfect at $29 price...tangy sauce complimenting moist flakes perfectly...sliced steak excellent..juicy pile of meat $28...taking a bottle of the lioco pinot noir $66 to pair with the final course of meat, poultry and fish...great pinot and highly recommend...finish with a cornbread in a bowl $9...take a spoon to it and it's heaven...leftovers brown bagged and $112 dinner per person...heavy on food and heavy on drinking...staggering to taxi waiting...farewell frances...
We ordered the following items and loved every bite:Applewood-Smoked Bacon Beignets with Maple Chive Creme FraicheRisotto, Sauteed Dungeness Crab, and Grilled Meyer LemonBavette Steak with Butter Bean Ragout and SpinachEvery plate is simple and complex at the same time. There are not too many ingredients in each dish, but when they are consumed together, they compliment each other very well. The tastes appeal not only to the taste buds, but also to the soul! Along with excellent service, Frances is clearly one of my favorite restaurants in the city for soul food. Well, not exactly soul food. Well, you know what I mean.
Just OK...The beignet's are really hush puppy's. Just so so.The chickpeas fritters were goodThe steaks was good (why does kale have to be on everything these days)The cassoulet was just ok.Took two bites of the lumberjake cake and my husband finished it.  It's more of a savoury dessert (I think).The bread was good (but you have to ask for it)Tables are way to close. Would hate to have to run to the bathroom if your sitting in the middle of the room against the wall. They have to pull out the table for you to sit down.Probably won't be back.
Smoked Bacon Beignets Maple Chive Crme Frache - tasty little fried things that weren't too greasy! Crme Frache was a perfect dip!Kale salad - so refreshing; could have ordered another dish! delicious. Squid Ink Linguini - homemade al dente pasta with delicious sauce; wanted to lick the plate!Chicken Roulade - perfectly cook, juicy, and tenderLumberjack Cake with good (forget flavor - possibly Hazelnut) Ice Cream: fruity, rich, tasty cake; comfort cakeStrawberry Rhubarb Empanada with Honey Lavender Ice Cream: Crisp, perfectly lightly sweetened with nice honey lavender ice cream!
Amazing service and the food was outstanding!! Bravo!!!! Probably my best experience so far in san francisco. Can t wait to come back;-)
What a great little restaurant! Food, service, decor, all great.The quality of the ingredients is obviously very high. If carrots are on the menu, get them. Just trust me. You won't think about carrots the same way ever again.The cauliflower beignets were a delightful start to the meal. Cod was very flavorful. Tagliatelle with mushrooms was delectable. Just everything was great, and a bargain as well! I know I'll be back here many times.
My wife and I were lucky enough to nab an early dinner here on the fly with open table to celebrate our 14th anniversary. The place had a line even before the doors were opened. We believe the line was mainly for those who didn't make a reservation, as the time we got back the entire bar was pretty much filled already. We were welcomed right away by the friendly host, and actually had a choice of seats during this early hour. We grabbed a cozy corner spot. They offer their own blended house red and white wines by the ounce which is served in a graduated carafe. I had the red, which was quite good. They also filter their own water, and offer it in sparkling or still.We started with the applewood smoked bacon beignets (piping hot and smoky flavor is well complimented with their maple creme fraiche with chives), Pannise Frites / chickpea fritters (reminded me of textures from a creamy fried tofu - nice), the chicken liver mousse was my fav (served with toast smeared with sweet date butter), then broke into the little gems salad (sweet roasted beets, blue cheese, buttermilk vinagerette, hazelnuts), and the fried green tomatoes (fried with a light layer of corn meal batter (yum). For our entree's, we had the northern halibut (moist and flaky with summer squash, butter beans, and manila clams), and the five dot ranch bavette steak (bordelaise sauce was perfect compliment along with the turkey figs, porcini mushrooms, and potato gnocchi).We were very satisfied and full at this point, but were tempted to go for the dessert (they feature humphrey slocombe ice creams!)... We decided to skip and go for dessert later in the evening (since we we ready to roll out of the restaurant by now). But, then they surprised us with a dish of complimentary sweets (chocolate + sugar cookies, and some tiny sweet corn cakes, not to mention a lit candle for our 14th anniversary)!Service was impeccable, and friendly. I definitely recommend this place to anyone in search of a good foodie experience. Now I know why they are rated one of the ten best restaurants in America...
I ate here last week and I thought execution was perfect but overall portions were tiny and prices were steep considering ingredients were not luxurious. Break downBeet Salad  -about 4 Beet bits made perfectly but thought it was a sample portion.Linguine with squid ink sauce- Again for $14 portion really really small. Definitely a disappointment felt like it was missing a protein or vegetable. Just pasta with sauce, while executed perfectly was not a dish.Crepe with lemon meyer sauce. Highlight of the night but too little sauce. I did ask for more sauce and made another without lemon meyer. Otherwise dish was perfect and really enjoyed it.Atmosphere- Came from the gym and really sore so it hurt to eat an expensive dinner sitting on a hard bar stool.  Finally right now I am watching Anthony Bourdain's Parts Unknown Lyon France. Frances was nothing like what I am seeing now on TV. While execution was great portions tiny and food simple with no luxurious ingredients.  Would not go back and save my money to eat cheaper dinner in Philly or SLC or Miami or Missoula with similar quality food or spend more money and eat at Sons and Daughter in SF and actually feel full.Food 4 StarsAtmosphere 3 starsService 3.5 StarsValue 2 Stars
This restaurant, hands down, is my favorite one. EVER. Everything I've ordered has been phenomenal and it is not absurdly priced either. It has been the one reliable place I go to where I don't have to worry about if the food is going to be good that night. The wait time can be a bit ridiculous, but that comes with the territory.Do yourself a favor and GO HERE. If by some reason you don't enjoy it, please insult me personally. That's how confident I am about this place. (Thankfully many others feel the same way)
Not my first visit to Frances so I knew to expect a very crowded seating arrangement and also a noise level so loud that you might not hear your table mates speaking. We had a 7:30 reservation for 5 which they could not honor because the diners who were seated at the round table for 5 (in the window) would not leave so we were left on the sidewalk for 30 min until 2 tables opened up that they could get us around. Nearly 30 min after we were seated the table hogs finally got up and left (they sat there for a total of 3+ hours) and we requested to move so we could have more room to eat our entrees and have desert. The woman who seated us and our server could not have been nicer or more apologetic about the seating hassle. That being said everyone enjoyed their food. The best tasting dish was the risotto, the duck breast very tasty and the steak the least interesting but saved by the sauce. The deserts were excellent. If you want a good meal (hopefully get seated on time) don't mind eating practically elbow to elbow with the table next to you and can deal with the noisy atmosphere you won't be disappointed.
Apparently, reservations for Frances are harder to get than a snow cone in hell. I'm not even sure that's a proper idiom, but go with it. A few days before I headed to SF, I was idly surfing open table and chatting with my good friend Helen. "I can never get reservations!" moaned Helen. I inputted some dates and voila, I got 9pm res for 2, the day after Cyrus. Apparently, that NEVER happens. It was turning out to be one gut busting weekend. Love it.If there's one thing you can't forget, it's the famous bacon beignets. Applewood smoked bacon beignets, maple creme fraiche and chive AKA bacon pillows- They completely lived up to their hype and then some. Earlier, we went to brunch at Brenda's and had their famous crab beignets, which were pretty awesome. Then I had the bacon pillows. My life changed.Spugnole (?) Pasta, asparus, edamame (?), walnuts, in a creme sauce-Pretty dang good pasta. Northern Halibut, chanterelle and english peas ragout, bacon, cipollini onions - I swear on the holiest piece of foie gras out there that this was the most perfectly cooked piece of fish ever. Really delicate stuff. The pea ragout was a skip in the garden.Overall, it was a fine meal with terrific company. I wouldn't hesitate to go back next time I'm in the Bay Area.
This place treated my guest and I like GOLD. It was my birthday dinner and it had to be one of the best meals I have had in a long time. granted I had a few to drink prior but instead of Frances being my after binge drinking feast it was delectable, delicious, and well worth the reservation wait.We showed up about 10mins earlier than our reservation time and the place was packed. I knew that that spelled disaster for any person who had made a reservation and hoped to get in on time. The host, was very kind and greeted us upon arrival. He offered us a free cocktail for the wait(which meant it would be longer but I couldn't complain) so we graciously took it and sat at the window while we waited. One of the servers came up to us and asked how we were doing and I told her that I had heard amazing things about the Smoked Bacon Beignets but didn't see them on the menu. She said that she would be right back and she was off. She came back within a few minutes and had two starter dishes along with our drinks and said that they were all complimentary because of our exceeded wait (which had now stretched out into the 45min mark) but we could have cared less. This is how service should be. The rest to follow was a 3 course of spectacular-ness. The drinks are simple and outstanding, and the food was more than amazing. I will definitely be back.Thanks Frances!
It is no wonder it is hard to get a reservation other than 5:30 or 9:00pm here.The food and the service is incredible, understated, and satisfying. I don't need say anymore. Some of the best dinning experience I had. This is what California cuisine is about. This is where all restaurants should stride to be.
Definitely worth every dollar we spent! Very fresh and great presentation! Great service! Highly recommend
A gem on the edge of the Castro. Spectacular food that is expertly prepared. Care is taken with each dish to expertly mix flavors to create a special delight. My favorite dishes were the baked clam starter, roasted cauliflower appetizer, black cod entree and spiced fritter dessert. Smaller portions and reasonable prices allow for experimentation throughout the whole menu. It is a small place and the close proximity of the other tables is not ideal but the food is divine. Highly recommend.
I'm between a 3-3.5 stars on this one..I've heard many great things about Frances and was super excited when my boyfriend and I finally got a chance to go for a NYE dinner. We had reservations at 9:30 which wasn't our first choice at all but got stuck with it because it was all booked. We decided to go a bit earlier nonetheless to grab drinks but we actually got seated right away! That was a real plus. The staff was friendly and the decor was clean and simple - almost the decor that I want my home to be. NYE night offered a 4-course prix fixe menu in which you can choose between two different dishes per course. My boyfriend and I decided to try all of the dishes and out of 6 of the different dishes, only one really wow'ed us. The Salsify Veloute, Roasted Ciopllini, Parmesan & Perigord Black Truffle....it was a creamy soup that was so delicious that we wished we could order more! That was also one of the first dishes so we were really excited about the others that were coming...and then it just turned mediocre. All of the dishes after were good but not great. All the dishes could use a little less salt. Disappointed..Maybe the chef was tired of making the same dishes that night. The repetition of cooking the same 6 dishes must have threw off the passion. Whatever it was, it wasn't good enough for us.Perhaps we expected too much from Frances that night.
Haiku for Frances:I never leave sad. So much love in every meal.You are in my heart.
Frances and I are best friends. He/She/It?!?!? makes me delicious culinary treats, serves me goblets full of fantastic wines and does it all with incredible service. Like I said, BFFs.On our most recent visit, we had the Kale Summer salad which had summer peaches and the perfect amount of dressing to lightly give the Kale a zesty twistAn added nice touch and surprising wrinkle is the in house wine program where you can "pay for what you drink." This is great for those nights where you don't want to commit to a bottle, but know you need more than a glass. Plus it's fun to experience the different blends they come up with. My personal opinion is the white blends are less desirable than the reds, but that might be my personal taste.For my main course, I had the roasted duck. It was incredible. Succulent, well cooked, with just a touch of crispy skin to give it a nice texture. The duck was cooked perfectly at medium rare and was surprisingly not that fatty, but was still moist and tender.For desert, we had the plum tart, which featured great summer fruits and was light enough to not make you feel the guilt on the walk home.Give Frances a try, but don't even think about stealing my best friend!
We had reservations for a Thursday night. Area feels a bit sketchy but the service staff made us feel so comfortable and were so amazing. Not much was memorable except for the BACON BEIGNETS! Must have!
It just isn't worth the wait and price.While this place is very good, it is also extremely popular so the wait is crazy and it always feels too busy when your in the restaurant itself. I also haven't found myself leaving very satisfied with the price/result ratio both times I've been. It just feels too expensive for what I got.So, I'd give it a solid 4 stars, but once you factor in the wait, price and crowds it falls to a 3. There are simply lots of as good and enough better restaurants in SF that Frances isn't worth it.
Took my fiance here for our two year anniversary. I'd been to Frances twice before and it was a first experience for my fiance. The first experience I had at Frances was years ago before they had their Michelin star and when they were super hyped (State Bird Provisions has since stolen that hype). I really didn't enjoy my first experience at Frances and it took many years for me go back. The second experience I had was really great, in fact, probably one of the better meals I've had in San Francisco. It was a spontaneous, last-minute, sit-at-the counter affair and perhaps because there wasn't anymore hype behind it for me, it was a great experience. Last night was very much a mixed experience. My fiance, back in November, had planned to propose to me at Frances but unfortunate circumstances happened and he ended up proposing elsewhere. So we wanted to have a Frances experience for something special. I managed to get us in on a 9:30pm reservation which seems to always be my experience here. I wanted to make the meal extra special by bringing in wine from my own collection and pay the corkage fee. I called ahead the day of and spoke with a very nice lady who helped me pick out a dessert to pair with my dessert wine I was bringing as a surprise for the fiance.When we arrived at the restaurant, I handed the wine to the host and he proceeded to remove all of the wine from the box and display it for all to see on the counter. Well, the dessert wine was meant as a surprise (there was a note to our server about this) but the cat was out of the bag, so to speak. Oh well, at least there was the surprise dessert.One thing I will say about their wine list is that it is very diverse and you can select a number of affordable bottles or a good selection of wine by the glass. If you want to splurge, the expensive bottles are also there for you. And definitely the best thing is their house wine which is served in a carafe and you pay for what you drink. I haven't seen anything like this since I was last in Paris and I'm surprised more restaurants haven't started doing this. Great idea! On to the food.Applewood smoked bacon beignets with maple chive creme fraiche - just ok for us, to be honest. I remember having them before and being of the same mindset. My fiance who is from the South really disliked them and said they weren't the least bit authentic. For me, pretty bland and definitely needed to be dipped in the creme fraiche. But cooked to perfection for sure.Chilled gypsy pepper soup with charred corn, creme fraiche, blistered sweet chile - Beautifully seasoned, delicious and refreshing summer soup. The fiance adored it. One of the better things we had.Panzanella salad with "chicken vinaigrette (Whatever that means)", kale, haricot verts, currants and bread. I think this was my favorite of the night. Bread was crisp, nicely dressed salad, green beans were crisp and fresh. Ft. Bragg King Salmon with charred lemon cucumber, radish, torpedo onion and tzatziki. My least favorite of the night. The salmon was perfectly cooked but it was a dish that seemed like it didn't mesh well together. The weird almost pickle-like radishes and the sour tzatziki that was more like a bad tartare sauce than a yogurt-based sauce. I ate the salmon and pretty much left the rest.Stuffed Tolenas Farm Quail with butterball potato confit, padron chile, corn, and cipollini. Best entree ordered, the quail being astoundingly perfect. A must order. I agree with my fiance in not enjoying the potato confit very much; honestly seemed like a basic roasted potato to me and was a bit dry. Ask for Josey Baker Bread. My big complaint here is how stingy they were. One slice of bread was all we got. I'm used to at least a few slices in a basket. But the bread is to die for so just ask for more.For Dessert we had the Santa Rosa Plum Galette with creme fraiche, summer berries, and lime curd ice cream. I was a little surprised the pastry chef suggested this to pair with the Sauternes I brought but I didn't like the other options. The dessert was just great; seasonal, fresh, light. Wasn't the best pair with our dessert wine, though.We shared a taste of our wines with our server to make nice and we ended up giving the rest of our Sauternes to the kitchen staff.Overall impression after three visits is that the food is just ok. Some things are amazing while too many things fall flat. The biggest complaint is that we almost didn't have one perfect dish; there was almost invariably something on each plate we didn't care for. I'm not surprised they lost the Michelin star to be honest; not even sure why they had it in the first place. I probably won't be back as there are too many great restaurants in the city to try. But if you must cross it off your bucket list, you probably won't be too disappointed - as long as you go in with reasonable expectations.
Fantastic meal, but our male waiter was MUCH more interested in the table with 4 gay men than me and my wife. We had made a reservation for our wedding anniversary and he really let us down. At the time, we didn't want to get the manager involved because we thought it would put a damper on the evening. We just tried to enjoy the wonderful food and ignore the terrible, border-line rude waiter we had to deal with. We'll be back, but I will request a different server. We saw the manager there, and thought it would have been a nice touch for her to stop by tables and see if they were happy with everything. I always think it's a nice touch when restaurant managers do that. That happened to us at Rich Table, and we thought that was so classy. It solidified the relationship; motivates us to come back. If that had happened, we could have solved the waiter issue.
Items sampled:Wheat Sourdough and Salted Cultured ButterUnsweetened Black TeaApplewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Chive Crme FraichePanisse Frites - Chickpea Fritters, Preserved Lemon, Olive AioliSonoma Duck Breast - Lacinato Kale, Fennel Agrodolce, Roasted Fig, Spiced Duck JusRicotta Gnocchi, Nettle Pesto, Toasted WalnutLumberjack Cake - Fuji Apple, Nectarine, Coconut, Medjool Date, Maple Ice CreamSpring Princess Peach 'Vol au Vent' Tart - Franquette Walnut Frangipane, Candied Ginger Ice CreamSmall, intimate, and exquisite would be a good way to begin a list of adjectives describing Frances and for those willing to make a reservation far in advance (or to show up early enough to snag a walk-in table) the rewards begin almost immediately on entry with a warm greeting, flawless service, and perhaps the best warm wheat sourdough in the city. With frequent visits to the dining room by Chef Perello and a daily menu of specials the first step I'd advise would be checking out a few signatures, specifically the creamy chickpea fries and smoky-sweet fried pillows that the restaurant calls beignets. With main courses all larger than one would expect one would next be advised to bring an appetite if they plan to order three courses (which they should) and with crispy skin overlying supple, rosy flesh the duck should be ordered if it is on the menu, particularly if the preparation includes figs and the all-day braising juices from the fowl and if contemplating a side dish it would be hard to think of one better than the gnocchi - the best textured I've experienced in California presented in a true "California cuisine" manner with herbal pesto and slightly sweetened toasty almonds. Moving last to dessert, the Lumberjack cake is a signature for a reason but choosing just one dessert seemed illogical as all five of the daily options sounded stellar and in the end my instinct proved correct as the light, buttery pastry surrounding fresh peaches was a rustic, perfect ending to a meal that exceeded all expectations.
I've been wanting to try Frances for a while now, but it's been difficult to get reservations via phone or Open Table. The SO and I were initially planning to eat at Anchor Oyster Bar, but it was an hour wait and we didn't feel like waiting. I knew Frances was in the area so I decided to test our luck and see if we could get a table. Parking was surprisingly easy. The SO found a spot a block down from the restaurant. When we got to the restaurant, all the tables in the dining area were filled up. However, there will still four seats left at the bar. We were told by the manager (I believe) that the bar serves the full menu and it's quieter than the dining area, which I agree. However, I'm not fond of the seating arrangements. The seats are so close together that you have to get up to allow others to sit/leave. I wanted to be blown away by Frances after hearing such great things, but sadly I was disappointed. The only two things I liked most was the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets w/ Maple Creme Fraiche (appetizer) and the Chocolate 'Clafoutis' (dessert). The beignets were delicious and unique. Anything bacon is good though, right? The entrees were good, but it didn't WOW us. The bf ordered the Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak. I ordered the Northern Halibut. I liked that the halibut was moist, but other than that, it wasn't spectacular. Overall, the service was good. Our waiter came back every so often to see how we were doing. Would I come back? Maybe
There are only several times in life when you have a perfect dining experience from beginning to end. My experience at Frances was one of those times. It is no surprise why this place is booked up months in advance with such high reviews. Luckily I was able to snag a table shortly after two weeks ahead. If you do not have a reservation, do not bother trying to walk-in because you'll likely be disappointed. The seating is limited and cozy which may be not desired by some. So cozy that if you're seated on the banquet you need to pull out your table to exit. So if you're a frequent visitor to the restrooms, I'd recommend you sit on the chair side. Moving onto the important stuff, the food. One word to describe the food is Wow! My husband ordered the chestnut soup and it is by far, hands down one of the best soups that have touched my lips. I ordered a mushroom pasta which was light but full of flavor. The steak and fish entrees were crafted with perfection and we finished the meal with the chefs lovely hand apple pies. The service was impeccable and the food was spaced out well. I was really impressed by the level of attention we received and I cannot wait to return when I visit San Francisco again. My only regret was not ordering some bread. After ordering I noticed that fresh bread was cut at the table, by request only. It smelled and looked delectable! Fortunately I think if we had any our bellies would have exploded but it would probably be worth it. Would certainly recommend trying this place out. The quality of food for this price point can not be beat.
This review is 8 months overdue but it was so good, I remember this meal like it was yesterday.If I had to describe Frances in one word, I would describe it as SUPERB!What we had:Starters: bacon beignets, chickpea fritters, grilled calamari, celery root soup, and ricotta gnocchi.Entrees: saffron risotto, and organic chicken.Desserts: lumberjack cake, and buttermilk panna cotta.Everything was super flavorful however, I thought the starters out-shined the entrees. The most memorable dishes are the chickpea fritters, celery root soup and the lumberjack cake. The only let down of the night was the buttermilk panna cotta. It needed a whole lot of sugar.The market shots that night was pear. It was awesome! I could drink a whole pitcher of it but they sold out before we can order more.The service is casual but friendly, attentive and great. My only gripe about this place is that the tables are WAY too close to each other.I will definitely be back!
Wonderful service, drinks, and food. We were keen to skip a main and have as many of the other dishes as possible, what a fantastic plan! We opted for beignets, linguine w/ broccoli, panisse frites, roasted carrots, gem hearts, and pavlova for dessert. Originally we had planned on a bit of a different order but our server and table next to us influenced us to add the carrots and linguine. The linguine was our favorite dish, but all were divine! Our cava drinks and spiced juice were also lovely. What a special night!
Great food, good value, and pretty good service. My boyfriend and I came here for dinner the other night without a reservation and tried to get a seat at the bar. We had some hiccups with getting a seat, and issues with the hostess which resulted in waiting longer than we had planned for; and both of us being very hangry. However, they had an excellent service recovery. The general manager came to speak with us after he was told there was an issue. He was pretty aggressive at first, but was extremely understanding once we explained the situation. He had the bar tender come and chat with us and quickly gave us some bread to munch on and a taste of some wine. Then all was good. The food was great. We ordered two dishes in each course and had some winners, and some that were just ok. The squid ink linguine is amazing!! I wish we had ordered two of these so I didn't have to share.  We had the duck breast and the steak as our mains. They were both perfectly cooked and very flavorful. I preferred the steak, and my boyfriend the duck. We ordered a pie to split which was good, but nothing to write home about. Overall they did a good job correcting an issue and then gave us a great meal. We live around the corner and are already planning our next visit. We will be sure to make a reservation this time.
Frances has been, by far, my favorite restaurant in the Castro, since it opened! The food is outstanding and the service is NORMALLY, impeccable HOWEVER, today I had an experience that shouldn't go unmentioned! The attitude from the manager and one of the servers was so unlike anything I had experienced in the past! It left an extremely very bitter taste, not only in my mouth, but with the people I brought! Which happened to be their first time there!Knowing we would need a reservation to get a seat at a table, we showed up 45 minutes before they opened, to ensure a seat at the bar. Which is an area, reserved for walk ins. As we were waiting, a heavier set gentleman server, asked how many in our party. I told him three are here right now, but a few more were coming. He told us we would need a reservations and I replied, "I'm aware of that" and that we wanted to sit at the bar. He literally cocked his head, raised an eyebrow and gave us a "sniff" and shut the door on us. THAT IS NOT AN EXAGGERATION, IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM! At about 4:30 a single gentleman showed up to stand in line and asked if we had reservations. We told him no, we were going to sit at the bar. Then at 10 to 5:00, the manager opens the door and calls the gentlemen at the end of the line, by name, to the door and invites him in... My party starts to walk in behind him, thinking they were opening? At which point, the manager, quickly maneuvers himself between the gentleman and my party and says, "sorry, only him!" and shuts the door on us... making us wait until 5 after 5:00 to let us in. At that point, there were about 20 people waiting to get in! Trying not to make a seen, I tell my party to just blow it off and try to have a good time regardless of the circumstances. When we get in, the gentlemen who came after us, was already eating at the bar! Then the manager splits our party up and puts half of us at the bar and the other half at a table... When he clearly knew we were all there together! So before the rest of the people could come in, another member of my party tells him, were were all together and we should be seated together. So he reluctantly, moves the other half to the bar.None of us could figure out why all this drama was going on? We did nothing to provoke such INCREDIBLY HORRIBLE SERVICE, FULL OF UNWARRANTED ATTITUDE!The food was amazing, as usual, but the service just ruined the entire experience!!! Thank goodness the server that was working with us, wasn't either of the two incredibly rude men, who created the situation in the first place! Her name was Molly! Thank you Molly for such great service!Not sure why all this took place, but it was handled extremely poorly!
What a wonderful way to spend my birthday! My boyfriend surprised me with dinner at Frances. He had to hit up opentable 2 months prior to get a Saturday at 7:15pm reservation, thanks!Right when we walked through the door the service was impeccable. They tried to give us a more private table but it didn't work out. No matter, the space is VERY small and although the tables along the kitchen wall are probably the most "private" there really isn't a spot where you can hear your neighbors' conversations. We started off with some Acme bread, on request. Moved onto the frites which were probably my favorite small bite. Creamy insides with a flaky crust; best of both worlds. The bacon beignets were not as good as I expected or as other Yelpers claimed them to be. I LOVE bacon; I would marry bacon if it were socially accepted outside of Jack in the boxes world. But, the smokey flavor, whether it was from liquid smoke or the smoked bacon was overkill for me. (I guess I'm more of a maple bacon kind of girl.) We swore we could smell the smokiness in our car as we drove away. Maybe it was on our breath? Watch out world here we come! Next we got the duck papedelle noodles and although it's another small dish I would have been happy if we stopped there. By the time our entrees arrived I was stuffed. But, I managed to polish off the red snapper and my boyfriend inhaled the bavette steak fairly quickly. Every other bite he took he expressed how delicious it was. Even though we were stuffed we ordered the apple tartin, which for the record was Delicious! We skipped on the milk shake it came with because something needed to be sacrificed. All in all, the meal was amazing, so was the service. Minus one star because of how small the space is. They maximized space by cramming as many tables and chairs as they could. I know the whole communal table thing is in right now but I still enjoy having a private conversation without the table next to us listening in.
I have been waiting so long to come here and was quite let down. Service was great but the food wasn't.We started with the fried green tomatoes that were soggy. Our bacon beignets were under cooked in the middle. Our cornbread was not warm. My steak was really tough and chewy. I can't believe the poor quality of the meat at such a highly regarded restaurant. I really hope this was just my bad luck.I saw the girl in the kitchen pick up a dirty towel off the floor, then went back to her cart and continued handling food. At some point she also grabbed a step stool, something your dirty shoes touch, and then went back to prepping food. She did not wash her hands the entire time we were there. I also saw her cut squid, then on the same board she sliced cornbread without cleaning it!
Hate to be clicheBut loved the bacon beignetGolden crispy nuggetsSurrendering beyond the first biteHot steam risesAnd under the pleasant crunchIt's all unicorns, rainbow, and pots of gold.The fluffy dough isLight in texture, rich on the tongueBits of bacon, not obtuse,Only just rightDon't forget the chive maple creme fraichewhat a pleasing accompaniment to such little gems.Ate them with fingers and ordered another for the main course.
I should preface this review by saying I really wanted to like Frances. I had read the Yelp reviews and heard all the buzz--the Michelin star, and the likes of Bon Appetit and Eater lauding Melissa Perello's neighbourhood restaurant with all kinds of high praise. And at the start, it all seemed good: the pedigreed young chef, the daily changing menu, the bacon beignets...Frances is cute, but cramped. Seated along the long bank of tables, I was hemmed in by the coming and going waiters and diners on each side. Service was awkward, and not commensurate with the Michelin star. Ineffectual and at times inattentive, our waiter succeeded only at taking our order and bringing food to the table. We began with three small bites: the baked cherrystone clams, a grilled calamari salad, and the bacon beignets served with a maple chive creme fraiche. Each represented the very best work of the kitchen, but the clams stood out as the most sophisticated and smartly fashioned dish of the three. Had we stopped here, I would have called Frances a four and went home. We split an appetizer of spugnole pasta--dense squiggles of pasta packed into a pillow--and while the pasta was really tasty, it was comically small: we had 8, maybe 9 noodles for $14. Even if we did scrape the bowl, I'm pretty sure it was equally out of frustration at the portion as it was satisfaction at the taste.For our entrees, we opted for the salmon (served tonight with a tasty corn compote) and the quail. Both were just a touch too salty, but the quail was altogether passable as it tasted like something I could have come up with. Beyond not fussy, the quail in particular was uninspired: bony, tiny, grilled pieces of quail with a melange of chanterelles and the latest in SF food trends, stonefruit.Disappointed by our main course, I was willing to give Frances one last try--'win me back with desert', I cried. An apple tarte tartin was good, but the nail in the coffin, it was unexceptional. Paired nonsensically (at least I didn't get it) with a thin 'milkshake' and dates, the desert, while fine, showed the same lack of composition and thought evident through so many other details of this let-down of a meal.I realise SF is keen to be buzzing about new and tasty restaurants and Perello's background at some of the city's finest haunts (Charles Nob Hill) should have assured her success. But Frances tries to have it both ways: it's your cute neighbourhood bistro, heavy on quirk, and it's the classic French-inspired Michelin-starred outpost in a city of foodies. It excels as neither, and while several bites are tasty, none merit the high praise, long wait lists, and exorbitant prices.
I am blessed this bastion is within walking distance! A treat to eat (and drink) indeed! Ever since this place opened it has been a destination. Sometimes there's a small crowd out front around 5PM, milling about.The cuisine, and it's that, not food, is memorable and wonderful. So simple and yet complex.The wines, ah, what clever palates are at work here. Superb!The service, like a well oiled machine. Professional, with personality. Excellent!Enjoy!
The only way I could see to snag a reservation at Frances was to book the entire restaurant for our office holiday dinner. If you are in charge of such things you should book this place n.o.w. We were a party of 20 and the restaurant was a perfect fit. One long table with simple yet beautiful table setting of fresh flowers and woven burlap. We started with appetizers and champagne/market shots. Bacon Beignets, awesome, chicken meatballs, amazing, oysters with pickled fennel, umm yes and some sort of delicious biscuit bite which melted in your mouth, thank you!!! Our menu was as follows:Celery Root Velout, Sauted Dungeness Crab & Meyer LemonFennel Pollen Sabl Cracker - amazing presentation and the best thing ever if you have a chance to try this do it.Roasted Cauliflower 'Panzanella,' Lacinato Kale and Vella Mezzo Secco - delish perfect salad.Sonoma Duck 'Bolognese,' Tagliatelle, Chestnut and Black Trumpet Mushroom - huge portion, you tell yourself you still have the entree coming but before you know it it's gone. Then the entree of choice:Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak, Toasted Farro and Creamed Cipollini OnionOrPan-Roasted Local Black Cod, Hedgehog Mushroom, Black Lentil RagotI went with the Bavette, and a good portion of the table went with the Black Cod. Both amazing.Finally, dessert. Lumberjack Cake Baked with Autumn Fruits, Dark Muscovado Ice Cream. Nothing to say here except I don't eat ice cream and don't normally like cake - I ate them both and enjoyed every bite.They paired the wines for us - if you have the option, let them they know what they are doing.The staff is wonderful to work with, Samantha helped me with the planning, Melissa called me personally to talk about the evening and what the menu might look like and the entire staff for the evening were warm, personable, thoughtful and attentive. Made our meal just what we hoped it would be, enjoyable from start to finish. Lots of office chatter today about the dinner, mostly I heard "let's do it again next year". I HIGHLY recommend Frances if you can get a reservation, lucky enough to get a table as a walk, sit at the bar or do like I did and rent it out for the night guaranteeing yourself a place at Frances' table.Seriously, go there.
Dined here for my birthday. We had a reservation for 2 at 745 and were seated promptly. The space is small and intimate. The tables are quite close together but I love the simplicity of the decor. We started with a glass of wine and beer. We ordered 2 bouches, 1 starter and main each and 1 side dish. The bacon beignets were fluffy and delicious. I was afraid it would be heavily flavored with bacon but was surprised by how the flavors were mild and balanced. The turnip empanadas were actually better than the beignets. The filo dough was perfectly cooked and the creamy filling was generously spiced. I had the squid ink pasta for starters. The pasta was cooked perfectly, al dente and the meyer lemon sauce went perfectly well with the pasta. I wish the chef had put a bit more sauce in the pasta. I thought it was too dry but still really delicious. My fianc had the puree of lentil soup. It was so creamy and delicious and was served with roasted carrots. The duck is a must. Just try it. The steak was cooked perfectly mid rare and this too was heaven in your mouth. The side of roasted potatoes looked like other roasted potatoes from other restaurants until we noticed the creamy and funky cheese sauce it was placed on. Omg, soo soo good!Finally, we ordered a dessert and went for the chocolate custard hazelnut dessert. This was the only thing I didn't like. It's like one of those desserts you see everywhere and was just mediocre. Service was ok. We ordered a bottle of wine and we had to refill our glasses a few times. Our server would stop at our table to clear our plates a few times while our glasses were empty and refused to pour the wine for us. I thought that was strange. Also my pasta came out first and my fianc's soup came out 5 minutes later. My pasta got a little cold since I had to wait for his soup. If we received outstanding service, I would rate Frances 5 stars but unfortunately, service was sub par and dessert was just meh.
Great food. Everything was good and very artfully done. My boyfriend took me there for our anniversary and it was the perfect spot for an amazing dinner. We had the Duck Breast and Halibut-- both cooked perfectly. Seems like both dishes were popular with others.The place is small and quite crowded-- our table was practically touching our neighbors. We had to move our tables to get in/out of seats.  But still, it was cozy. Highly recommend!
The best restaurant I have visited so far in 2014. Seasonal menu is cute, everything is fresh made. The pairing wine and dessert is impressive. Duck and halibut is must have
Frances may have lost its Michelin star, but I still love it for the overall experience. A friend snagged a 9:30pm reservation the other day and took me here as a gift. Maybe the tables are too close for comfort, but I see it as cozy, and I had no problem sharing conversation across the table. My expectations were maybe too high, but the food overall, along with the intimate SF/French bistro-style charm and the friendly staff (and maybe the fact that I can walk there from my apartment, to a cute deserted nighttime neighborhood right behind my library branch, which all feels romantic to me) won me over. The bacon beignets were not as airy or amazing as I'd expected, but still good. The squid ink pasta with bottarga was addictively good. I had the lamb loin (I was splurging), which was great -- tender, cooked almost perfectly -- but my friend's duck breast was the feast of the night. I didn't even appreciate duck until I had this dish. These dishes are not aggressively innovative, but everything is fulfilling nonetheless. It's a mastery of higher-end comfort food; Frances' well-known, well-worn dishes that still please me immensely. Whatever you do, listen to the waiter and get the duck.The chocolate dessert was pleasing but not amazing. In retrospect I would've chosen the boozy affogato, because I love affogatos and after a substantial meal it's probably a better choice than a full dessert. I'll definitely come back to sample dishes here and there. This place is a treat.
Love, love love Frances! From the atmosphere to the lovely staff, visiting this place has become a tradition for me and my boyfriend. Their execution on every dish we've had so far is flawless, and their attention to detail definitely shines. My favorite dish is the duck! The lumberjack dessert is so freakin' delicious, so don't forget to make room for it :)
My friend was very offended by the level of service. She was questioned if this was her reservation. Additionally the dishes that we tried were okay. Nothing was exceptional. We ordered the calamari, fried donuts, steak and quail. Nothing was exceptional. It was mediocre compared to other michelin star restaurants. We did not understand why this restaurant was Michelin star.
I was a little underwhelmed at Frances. We came here at the recommendation of several friends (all of whom are foodies). I had been looking forward to it for weeks - images of bacon beignets danced around in my head. You get the idea.The restaurant is adorable. In a nice quiet street in mission/castro. It's small and bustling. The staff there BEYOND nice and hospitable. Food we had was decently good and definitely executed well - bacon beignets, heirloom tomato soup, tagliatelle with braised beef, steak, and green beans side. Nothing but the heirloom tomato soup really stood out, however. The bacon beignets were OK but nothing worth craving over. The tagliatelle was good but subpar to the one at Delfina. And the green beans were actually a little weird - they were cold. and seemingly raw given they were crunchy. That threw us a bit.I think normally I would have given Frances 4 stars. But the reason for 3 stars is personal - their menu is heavy in vegetables. There were only 3 entree options around meat - 1 was salmon (yawn), steak (sure if you LOVE red meat), and quail (eh, who really get that excited about a quail main course? appetizer, sure. in pasta, sure. but main course?). And 65-75% of the rest of their menu centers around veggies. I'm a meat and pasta kind of person, so it even took us a while to decide on enough food to order.Definitely head here if you're vegetarian. this place would be like heaven. But me and my particular, carnivorous palate are unlikely to return.
14.03.16.  First visit          No going to repeat what is already said          Adding new insightFood.       4-4 1/2Service.     4-4 1/2Straight to the point   Good food ... but common some dishes they are stingy for the price        Common pasta ... just beef up the pasta only won't kill them        I see why people are gripping about this.   I understand farm to table is not cheap, especially organic, heirloom   However ... the trend is getting silly where I am starring at a      pasta dish cost so much yet so little.         Squid ink pasta   One of best dish that nite.   Too bad they were skimpy on the pasta ... (come on ... pasta)Halibut    Well seasoned     Small poration for the price say my dining companionDuck breast    Very tasty    Perfect executionClosing points:    - Very good food with portion lies between           pure French fine dining and French bistro    - Execution of the dishes are spot on medium rare or none over cooked    - Too many seating in a place where I was looking into the kitchen          several times ... do not have enough cooking burners to keep pace         poor cooks cannot speed up dishes with out sacrificing the quality         if u cook you will understand the details.    - Service is good and attentive ... just the kitchen is overwelmn    - If u drop by there ... look at the kitchen several times and look at the         dinning area ... including the counter spaces.    - More of a brooding thought and question     Are the ingredients, tableware, flowers, labor, and other expenses really         the true pricing of the dishes ... or a way to generate windfall for          expansion of their empire (Kimpton Group, Sushi chain, and others)         I understand high end restaurants doing to "fat cats"     Pasta ... I do not have to point it out ... try it and post your opinion.     Just like football & baseball game tickets are inflated ... are the SF dining        scene at the yuppie and blue collar being milked?     I understand the cost of ingredients and taxation ... however some keep        expanding the empire ... must be making killer profit for the number        of new places
I would've licked my plate clean here if doing so wasn't socially unacceptable. This is possibly the best meal I've ever had. After trying a another Michelin star restaurant and not being all that impressed, I had resigned myself to to thinking this whole star thing was overrated, but Frances has completely changed my mind. We got the cornbread with bacon butter. My first thought when I bit into my simple piece of cornbread was, "What type of sorcery is this? How could cornbread be so mindblowingly delicious." Next we had the beignets. They were good, but after all the hype and probably our super high expectations after the cornbread, it was a little disappointing. It was good, but the cornbread was better. For our entrees we got the duck breast and the bavette steak. Both were delicious, but surprisingly the star of our entrees was probably the lemon risotto that came with the steak. I seriously picked every single last grain of it off of my plate. We had the lumberjack cake for dessert and were not disappointed. I rarely repeat restaurants, but I think this one well deserves another visit. In terms of price, our dinner for two came out around $80 before the tip was included. Prices for every item are listed on the menu on their website. You should definitely check out their menu online before booking too since they rotate their menu.
Holy Smoked Bacon Beignets. Frances delivers on their food, which makes you forget about the tiny space with crowded seating. No wait, the wine helped with that (pay as you go by the ounce - clever girl, F).Squid ink tagliatelle had a rich, umami flavor that's hard to explain because I'd never tasted anything like it before. The idea of eating it reminded me of the first time you drink kombucha - smells weird, looks weird, tastes kind of weird, your logic tells you it's a bad idea...but then you start to like it because of its weirdness aaand then it's gone and you're sad.Halibut with salmon chowder: didn't know how the fish on fish concept would pan out, because these two fish in particular have such different flavors. Skepticism soon ate its own feelings. It was cooked really well and the salmon essence added some good depth to the broth.There was also cornbread with bacon butter. It was a mental and physical challenge to not continue slathering this butter onto the cornbread, partially because it was a little dry, but mostly because butter and bacon combined are probably two of the best reasons to willingly clog your arteries.So, yes to Frances. Check it out and eat it up.
I am the Master (or shall I say, Mistress) of odd-hour dining, which is convenient b/c getting a reservation less than a month in advance at Frances requires ungodly dining hours, like 10PM. This sounds suboptimal, but it is in fact, the shizz. Here's why:Immediate seatingLess noiseAbility to hog 2 tables and sit however you chooseLess busy kitchen so you get perfectly paced foodNo competition for the bathroomUndivided love an attention from the staffAtmosphere: Relaxed, warm, minimalistService: The Michelin star here not so much about the food, but the exceptional serviceFood: Bacon Beignet - Good but not memorablePanisse Frites - Crisp, above average chickpea fritterPanzanella Salad - An extraordinary salad, the best thing we hadSpugnole Pasta - Awesome, tangy, loved itChicken - Perfectly cooked but forgettable Lumberjack cake - Texture of a dense carrot cake that mated with a nutty pound cake - Good but another 7x7 hypeIn a few words: fresh, seasonal, clean, and homey. Overall good, but not wait-for-2-months-for-a-7PM-reservation-good.
I am really giving Frances 4.5 stars but rounding up to 5 stars because they made some amazing dishes.For my beverage, I ordered the white wine by the ounce. I love the concept and I am always on the border about ordering another glass. Now I can add 2oz at a time and not feel too guilty. We started off with the bacon beignets. Alone, they are pretty good but dipping it in the maple creme fraiche and chive counters that the heaviness of the dish. So addicting! Another bouchees we ordered was the panisse frites. This was definitely one of those items "you must get". It had a nice crispy fried outer shell and is super soft in the inside. Once you dip this into the lemon and olive aioli, all the flavors and textures tingle in your mouth. Zesty! Crispy! Creamy!....7x7: Please add this to the top 100 list of things to try before you die!For appetizers, we had the leek and spinach soup and the chicken liver mousse. The soup is very creamy and rich. It was a nice palette cleanser after eating all the fried food. The mousse was another dish that blew me away. It comes pre-spread with like medjool dates jam. Add the mousse and some of the frisee. More explosion into you mouth. The mousse had a subtle taste of coffee, then the sweetness of the dates, and lastly the crisp and crunch of the frisee and toast. For my entree, I had the halibut with chorizo and butter beans. The fish was cooked nicely, flaky and not dry at all. The other items on the dish didn't bring this to the next level. This was somewhat disappointing considering everything I ate before was awesome. Also had a side of butterball potatoes which was cooked perfectly in creme fraiche.For desert, I had to try the lumberjack cake (#92 on the top 100 list of things to eat before you die) and some blue bottle coffee. Imagine a carrot cake made with apples instead of carrots and instead of the frosting, it had maple black walnut ice cream from Humphry Slocumbes over medjool dates. Another great dish to end the evening.
At Frances you are served a dish and you figure, "this is the greatest thing that has ever graced my mouth, nothing will ever compare to this very moment." And as the tears stream down your face while you mourn the fact that you finished that dish, you are served the next course and realize God must exist, because that is the only way to explain the grandeur of what you're eating. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if this food got me pregnant, that's how much I love it. I booked my reservation 3 months in advance in order to get a time that wasn't 5:30 or 9:30. As it turned out, my sister decided to move back to the US after 2 years abroad and she chose the date and time of my Frances reservation to make her grand return. I kept my reservation, and I would do it again. Long Live Frances.
Outstanding place. Great setting, wonderful selection of fish or meat options. Duck was out of this world, lamb chop was superb. The red trout was cooked perfectly. Small setting with wine and beer only from the bar.This place proves you can deliver a great meal without the high end snob feeling. Staff was friendly and helpful.
Let me clear a myth for you all: Frances's bacon beignets are 100% identical in taste to ham & cheese hotpockets--except they make 3000% profit off of selling them. If you're too hoighty-toighty to know what a hotpocket is, go try one and have your "mind blown". Otherwise the food was ok and reasonably priced for the ambiance and service you're given. Go for the house wine.
Why complain about the tight quarters and noise when each course consistently wows you and the service rivals the food? Our unhurried two hours at Frances was a delight from start to finish, and this was on a Tuesday night without reservations. Our wait for seats at the bar was only 20 minutes.Beignets: Different and delectable.Little Gems Salad: The figs pushed it over the top.Cassoulet: Didn't want to share one butter bean with my dining partner, and she was paying.Steak: The meat was good and the risotto almost had a wonderful crunchy skin, but not in an over/under cooked way.Dessert: Am still dreaming about the tort/caramel/mousse/butterscotch sauce concoction.Wine pairings: Great suggestions by knowledgeable staff.Would go back in a heartbeat.
Most restaurants where you need a reservation 3 months ahead of time are the type you wouldn't want to go to regularly anyways (and even if you could eat at French Laundry a couple times a month you'd explode). Frances comes with none of the pretension of such places and has the feel of a comfortable neighborhood restaurant. In fact, Frances seems to have gone out of their way to rewrite the rules of fine dining. Their Pinot Noir by the glass was a Freeman 2007 a bottle which typically retails for $40, but they had it on the menu at $56. What restaurant only marks up their wine by 40%? The grilled squid, crab salad, and lamb entree were all strong. Definitely worth a try, though it appears that getting a reservation has become really difficult... can seem to book again on OpenTable. Oh no!
READ MY LIPS BEST RESTAURANT IN SF READ MY REVIEW!!!One of my friends from Los Angeles decided to surprise me on her drive to Washington for Christmas, and make a pit stop in San Francisco. On her previous trip I took her and her husband to Foreign Cinema, which is always a delight, and they loved it. With one day notice I was scrambling to find a reservation somewhere that would top Foreign Cinema... I heard good things about Frances and decided to take a chance and snag the one reservation they had left for the night! I am so thankful that I trusted my gut because this place was SPECTACULAR, and my company LOVED it too! When booking the reservation, Frances asks for a credit card number, which made me a little hesitant to book the res but it all worked out. Do not fear! Frances has a very small dining room, so every table counts. Frances is nestled off the beaten path in the Castro. The interior is clean with a hint of rustic and about 12 tables plus a small counter area. There is a window from the kitchen to the dining area, and if you were lucky like I was, we sat right in front of it so we can see all the action. Personally I love watching the magic happen in the kitchen. The service was impeccable! We were seated punctually and they offered to hang my coat. Once my guests arrived I think we ordered almost one of everything on the menu! While the menu has limited options they are ALL SOOO good that it is hard to decide. Here is what we enjoyed: Wine (They had a really nice selection of wines) Shame on me, we had two bottles of the same type of and I cannot remember the name of it, but it was a blend, I think french, with a hint of mushroom, oak, and tobacco. I was looking for something close to a Brunello and this is what the waiter recommended. He actually gave me a little tasting between two bottles which I greatly appreciated! StartersCauliflower Beignets: Light and fluffy with a hint of the hearty cauliflower Baked Clams: Rich and creamy these clams even appealed to the non - seafood loversAppetizerTagliatelle with Dungeness Crab Meat: The Tagliatelle was fresh and cooked perfectly al dente, the crab added a layer of richness and texture to the dish (it was very tender and not chewy), and tossed in a light amount of butter (Definitely would order this again) Kale Salad: My friend has been on a Kale Salad kick, and she really enjoyed this salad, it had a very citrus forward complimented with a slight bitter taste from the Kale MainBlack Cod on a Bed of Lentils - Delish!!! Two of us ended up ordering this and we devoured it. The Cod was perfectly cooked and the lentils and spice perfectly complimented the fish. Great dish on a cold night! Steak - I don't exactly remember how this was prepared because my friends ordered this, but I had a bite of the steak and it was cooked perfectly medium rare. My friend cleaned her plate and she NEVER does!SidesPumpkin Bread : Mix of Sweet and Savory flavor. This is not overly sweet pumpkin bread a la the pre La Boulange pumpkin bread at SBux, but rather savory with a hint of pumpkin. This too was light and fluffy ... I did not feel like I was eating a dense piece of bread. Carrots: MUST ORDER!!! Sweet Jesus I did not know carrots could taste so dynamic. These carrots were perfectly sauted with a dusting of cumin or some exotic spice and paired with diced chunks of avocado. I could possibly return to Frances and order these carrots for my appetizer, main, and dessert and leave happy and satisfied! Dessert: Ice Cider: This is a hard cider prepared the same way ice wine is made. I felt like I was drinking a glass of freshly picked apples, juiced, and shaken with ice. Apple Fritters: I only had a small taste of this, but it was a good blend of apple, cinnamon, sugar, butter, and pastry. It was paired with a lemon ice cream which really brought all of the flavors together. I did not think these flavors would compliment each other, but it really worked Chocolate Stout Cake with Salted Caramel sauce: This is the only thing I ordered all night that I did not get a wow factor from. It was a fairly simple chocolate cake with a salted caramel sauce. $500 later, my friends and I dined to our hearts content. Great service, wine, food, and company ... what more can a girl ask for! I can't wait to bring my next guests here as I highly recommend this spot for special occasions or just because!
I didn't want to believe all the hype, but I have to admit, they lived up to it!! It was by accident that we went there, my friend happened to stumble on a cancellation, right on her bday, or else the wait would have probably been a few weeks to get a decent hour (like NOT 10:00 or 10:45 seating).We shared the cherrystone clams, AMAZING, I had mine gluten free! The bacon beignets with maple syrup creme fraiche, now I am not a fan of fried foods   (i know, i know) but this was soooo tasty, the savory tone of the beignet with the light sweetness of the creme fraiche...yum, what a delicious partnership!I ordered the quail with fresh seasonal plums, chanterelle mushrooms, and sweet corn. The quail was perfectly cooked tender, and the slight acidic and sweet accents of the plums were a party for my taste buds.OK...now for the desserts, cardamon ice cream milkshake with a wonderful fruit tatin, LOVELY. Died and gone to food heaven. Service was very friendly, food was well timed (we had a party of 5 with one who arrived 1 hour late, she got her main when we got ours!!), and portions were perfect!!!This is a must!!!
UnpretentiousNeighborhoodComfortSeeminglyEffortlessEleganceRefreshing SipMarket FruitPink Lemony ShotCrusty BreadRequestedHeel or MiddlePass the ButterBacon BitsFried DoughCreme FraicheMore BaconLess DoughPleaseExtraordinaryChickpea FrittersCrisp Rectangles OutSmooth Creaminess InLemony Aioli AroundMagenta BeetsTart KumquatsFresh GreensSummer PersonifiedFatty Rib Crunchy SkinSoft Stewed SculptedRoasted MedallionsA Lamb TrifectaBlue BottleCool Coffee CarafeDessert AnticipationSilky SmoothBittersweet ChocolateTangy Bing CherriesSalty Buttery CookiesPot du Creme PerfectionHumphry SlocombeEnglish Thyme Ice CreamAlmonds Nectarines PastryInteresting PairingDry Corn Meal PoundcakeBut Berry GoodRicotta SemifreddoFavorite PeopleHappy BirthdayThank You MuchFRANCESAT35
food quality was impeccable... however.. the light bites.. are really.. .light bites.. as in one bite. thats it. prices may look pretty cheap.. but we were shocked at how small everything was.. so small it was pianful.. none the less i love the calamari (grilled to juicy perfection) and the bacon beignets.. (which there was a little more bacon)The steak was absolutely delicious.. i kind of wish it was a little less chewy but.. hey still great! All in I would definitely come back.. but id prob eat a small meal before.
Definitely loved the food here but not five stars because the staff was a little snobby and the table was slightly too small (and therefore uncomfortable for my normal-sized date). On to the food:Beet salad: Solid dish, liked itBeignets: Wish I hadn't ordered this, overhyped Squid ink linguine: Best dish of the night, great flavorsDuck breast: Perfectly cooked, quite tastyBlack cod: Good but I liked the duck much betterI honestly don't remember what we ordered for dessert so it obviously wasn't memorable...
Given all the hype and the 2 months wait it took us to get reservations, I had high expectations for this place and really wanted to give it 5 stars. Definitely a great restaurant - decor was fresh and pleasing to the eyes, staff was super friendly, prices are reasonable, but some of the food lacked the excitement I was looking for. Still an excellent + well thought out meal, but it just missed the WOW factor I was expecting to find.Without a doubt, the service was SUPERB! I love how their entire wait staff helps and serves every table, I appreciate how collaboratively well they work with one another. We didn't have to wait for our designated server to come clear our plates or bring us new utensils, each time we were done with something, some one was right there to pick it up. Our water was never empty since our server was constantly coming by to fill it for us, event though the bottle was right there on our table! Hubby and I shared the following:*Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Would have been perfect if there were more bacon bits. The bacon to batter ratio was slightly off.*Panisse Frites - Nothing too special, but I really enjoyed the lemon & black olive aioli that came with the dish*Chicken Liver Mousse - OMG, this dish alone made my night! Normally, a dish like this would be too rich for me, but I couldn't get enough of it. I ate up all the toast it came with and started spreading the mousse on my ACME bread...delish! Definitely a great opener!*Trottoloni Pasta - Hubby ate most of it since it was a bit too creamy for me after the mousse, but I really enjoyed the thin slices of asparagus it came with, great component to balance out the dish.*Organic Chicken w/ Semonlina Gnocchi - I was bummed they weren't serving duck on their menu, but this was a great alternative to complete the poultry part of the menu. So glad we pick this dish! I'm normally not a chicken person (unless it's fried), but this was one of the moistest chicken I have ever tasted! Perfectly cooked and full of flavors, it went really well with the gnocchi and spring vegetables.*Chocolate & Ricotta Mousse w/ Chocolate Sea Salt Cookies - The cookies were rich and buttery, but the mousse was a bit too thick. I usually don't mind ricotta, but it overpowered the chocolate a little too much on this dessert. The cherries added a great touch though, perfect compliment since they just came in season.Wished I had room to squeeze in the scallops too, but my tummy was way too full.Overall, a very enjoyable meal. I can't say I'll be coming back here right away, but I'll definitely be back, probably a different season when they change things up on their menu again.
I don't like to give a less-than-good review, because I know everyone at Frances works hard to make dinner happening and the service was very friendly. I guess it is all about expectations. It was so hard to get a reservation even a month in advance. And also the price level made me think I would have an extraordinary dinner experience. Well, my partner and I both thought it was a good dinner, but nothing to rave about.We were there on Sept 26, a Friday night and had "Spicy Roasted Cauliflower" (interesting, but had better in some Indian restaurants for much less money and the cauliflower was too raw for me), Chilled Tomato Soup" (nice, but not very fine in it's overall impression), "Linguine alle Vongole" (no, not good), "Sonoma Duck Breast" (maybe our favorite, although the meat was a little too raw in parts), and "Cranberry Bean Cassoulet" (good, but I think the beans did stick out taste-wise, did not blend with the rest of the ingredients).The other thing is the cramped space. You cannot get up from your table without moving the whole thing. I know real estate is precious in SF, but I would hope for fine dining we can still sit comfortably. Also the seats are blank wood and my toosh hurt immensely at the end of dinner. I couldn't wait to get going.On the upside, the food feels healthy, fresh and made with non of the easy pleasers, like lots of salt or cream. So if you have the money, you can't go wrong at Frances. But in my opinion, the experience does not grant the price and hype.
This place is a must go. The sides of farm fresh vegetables alone is worth it. Sunday nights are the easiest to avoid the crowd.
Food was great. Almost everything we had was great. And we were in a group of 4. Delicious bread served table side. Good wine list. But the place was a bit warm on a summer night. We found ourselves fanning each other with menus which perhaps contributed to the 1 less star. The tables are very close together so it can feel a bit congested when it's hot outside. This is a small place but a gem nonetheless.Would definitely go back and highly suggest it for dates or for 2 couples out together.
Me and Frances, we just didn't have a good first impression of each other. In fact, it was the kind of blind date where you give out your phone number but switch the last four digits around. Oh, I expected a whole lot given all the advance praise. Someone at work told me it was the best restaurant he's been to in San Francisco. I don't question all the five-star ratings, but I do have to say the tight quarters at Frances really makes it essential to recognize that timing is everything. Jamie W. and I could only secure a 9:30PM reservation on a Friday. I made it on Open Table about three months prior, but we unexpectedly had a great meal with friends the night before at Zazie. Despite rumor, I don't usually go out for a nice dinner two nights in a row unless I'm traveling. What am I made of? Money? So alas, we arrived with some trepidation and saw the place abuzz with hip singles and other assorted foodies.... people crowding in the iddy-biddy bar area as you come in, people dining at tables snugly placed against the right wall. We were seated smack dab in the middle of those gulag-style tables. Hell. Pure hell. There was a blowzy, tree-trunk-thighed blonde in a too-tight black dress sitting to one side with her bellowing Aussie boyfriend. Alcohol-infused beyond reason, this couple spoke in such a high decibel you would have thought they were stage-trained. Her screechy, squealing voice made my ears bleed and broke all the stemware on our table. On the other side of us were the beginnings of what looked to be a Branch Davidian-type of commune with very skinny people in skanky outfits apparently multiplying and crowding the waiters out of their serving paths. Jamie and I could barely hear each other due to the squealing blonde who kept ridiculing our dining choices with the subtlety of Michelle McGee's tattoos. We managed to order two of the $6.50 appetizers above the din - the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets with a Maple Creme Fraiche & Chive and the Crisp Pork Trotters with Sauce Gribiche & Pickled Baby Vegetables (see photos). The former was tasty though I couldn't really taste the bacon, and the latter was similar to crab cakes in texture. Next came the $10 Grilled Asparagus Salad with a Walnut Vinaigrette, which was marginally disappointing with the chicories doused in the dressing on top (see photo).The entrees, however, were top-notch if a bit small in portion. Jamie had the $16 Watson Spring Farm Lamb with Butter Beans, Artichokes & Olives (see photo). Tasty, savory, and it really was a nice match of flavors and textures. I went more conservative and ordered the $11 Organic Chicken, served in roulade fashion with Green Garlic & Spring Vegetable Ragout and Parmesan Pudding on the side (see photo). The poultry was genuinely succulent, and I savored every morsel. Still, despite the attentive waiter, the dining experience was a disappointment since we couldn't just sit there to be enraptured by the food. Instead, I had to hear big-mouth Barbie's detailed account of her BFF's liposuction procedure as she wolfed her food. Next time I'm coming early and bringing a Taser. FOOD - 4 stars...quite scrumptious most of the time AMBIANCE - 2.5 stars...Frances' weak area, just isn't fit for a romantic dinner for two unless there was more crowd control SERVICE - 3.5 stars...very attentive but I was hoping he could see our pain and move us when he had the chanceTOTAL - 3 stars....I might try Frances again but not until blondie's car-alarm voice is completely out of my head
Every dish was impeccable. We had Gem Lettuces, Cauliflower, and Duck. We had two incredible glasses of wine, and a fabulous dessert, all for under $90. That is a rare find, especially in Los Angeles, where we live.
Superb in every way. Started with the Applewood-Smoked Bacon Beignets with maple chive creme fraiche and preemptively considered this a stellar dish. It was great, but slowly lost it's rank when we experienced all the other dishes (this just means all the other dishes kept surpassing the previous). The cod was delicious. Want to try the kale salad. Lumberjack cake and stout chocolate cake were fantastic!
Can't give half stars or would have given it a 3.5. Overall decent experience but not worth the hype as the service was the biggest letdown (may be isolated incident, but our waiter was really slow). We ordered the the beignets (amazing), steak (just ok, nothing special or unique about it), salmon (good well cooked and mixed well with creamed corn), squid ink pasta (amazing) and kale salad (very good). Desserts were decent but a bit bland.Its moderately priced which helps, but I have a policy of not returning to any business which charges any "tax", surcharge or other fee claiming they are to cover the health care costs in SF. Frances charges $1.50 per person (so $3.00 for two of us) which was over 3% of the total bill. I believe that everyone should get health care coverage, but ultimately its very unlikely this surcharge gets to the waiters as more often than not its turned into profit for the owners.You are running a business, to pay for health care just raise prices instead of hiding a sneaky surcharge (no mention of what it is for btw) on the bottom of the back of the menu. When you go to buy groceries they dont slap on extra fees for the pay and health care of their workers, why should restaurants?
Go early or make a reservation. Order the applewood smoked bacon beignets with maple chive creme fraiche and the marinated burrata with fava bean pesto and grilled focaccia, to start. The Porcini Mushroom & Gigante Bean 'Cassoulet' - Kale, Parmesan and Pangrattato, as an entree. To end it, order the Strawberry Rhubarb 'Hand Pie' - Chandler Strawberry, Wildflower Honey and Chamomile Ice Cream, for dessert. It's an adult pop tart that you will dream about forever. The Frances red/white wine in a pitcher, ummmmm yes.
Yeah.
No.
Came here because of the 5 star Yelp reviews, and left feeling I had a solid, if slightly unspectacular meal. Maybe it's my fault for having high expectations. I usually like to keep expectations low, so I'm never disappointed :)Pluses:*Bavette: Ordered this medium rare, and on the medium rare spectrum, it was on the rare side, which is perfect in my book. The steak was on a bed of something starchy and cut up leaves, and sauce was poured at the table, which is always a nice touch. *Lobster noodles: I was expecting chunks of lobster, but the lobster came sliced. I thought the texture and flavors really came together well.*Tomato soup: Thick, hearty, and flavorful, with almost a marinara sauce consistency. Minuses: *Bacon beignets: If we're being honest, the beignets were really more like hush puppies with a side of ranch dipping sauce. This was a complete fail.Service was adequate, but not spectacular, much like the whole experience. That being said, I would come back for a special occasion, and frankly, given the dearth of fine dining options in the Castro, Frances stands head and shoulders above everything else in the neighborhood.
The food, the decor, the ambiance were all amazing! One of the best meals I've had in SF and I've had a lot. Our server, however, I found to be a little bit haughty. The rest of the servers I found to be rushed and would just drop the food off with no personality at all. That was the one caveat of Frances. Otherwise, a meal that you will never forget!
It's been a few weeks since I ate here, so I'm going to rely on some bullet points from the notes I took when I ate at Frances. First of all, the place was very cute and intimate, with none of the attitude you might expect from a michelin starred restaurant in SF. It seemed like a nice little neighborhood bistro. The host was awesome, and invited us in to sit down before our entire party was there. Now on to the food:The chickpea fritters were unlike anything I've ever had. They were very good. Thin crispy exterior with a satiny chickpea puree interior. Served with a spring garlic, fromage blanc, and meyer lemon sauce.The masala spiced cauliflower puree was AWESOME. It had a great indian spice flavor, which was balanced perfectly by the housemade yogurt, which was nice and smooth and not too tangy. The lavash chips were a nice textural element to the dish that really made it pop.The ricotta gnocchi with arugula pesto was my least favorite dish. It was a little too lemony, a little too tough, a little too dry. Not horrible, but not at all on par with the rest of their dishes.And finally, the butter bean cassoulet. This dish is really what prompted my five star rating for Frances. It was INCREDIBLE. Never before would I have described beans as juicy until this dish. This is one of the few dishes I've ever thought kale added something to. And the smokey breadcrumbs balanced out the buttery, cheesy, rich flavor of the cassoulet perfectly. I felt like the cassoulet at Frances was not only outstanding in terms of flavor, but also very innovative and showed off the talent and creativity of the chef. Also, the portion was quite large.Final notes about Frances: their wine system was nice, with a very accessible $1/oz, pay only for what you drink house wine system. Our waiter was not very friendly at all, and acted annoyed with our group for ordering a smallish amount of food (we shared a lot of dishes). But, for the quality of food, I can forgive that little blemish. Overall, I would highly recommend checking out Frances, but make sure to make your reservation well in advance!
I took my parents here when they were here for my graduation. It was a small restaurant but every dish was perfect. The cold soup was especially delicious! I will definitely go back gain here.
You know, we were total dorks when we came to Frances. All I had heard about were their applewood smoked bacon beignets with maple chive creme fraiche. And all we wanted were their applewood smoked bacon beignets with maple chive creme fraiche. We wanted to so much we went to the trouble of even reserving a table.We felt bad, but we also showed up 30 minutes before closing, and no one else came into the restaurant after we did. So it's not as though we took up a table that other diners could've used. That said, their staff was still more than happy to accommodate us, and for that we're grateful. The beignets were awesome enough on their own, but that they wouldn't get all huffy about us wanting just that was pretty cool. Kudos, staff at Frances SF.
You know how must guys wait until the last possible minute to pick out a Valentine's gift for their special lady? And they usually come up with something random or just plain stupid, like a life-sized teddy bear? Or a heart shaped box of Russel Stover candies?Not mine, he planned ahead. At least a few weeks in advance, 'cause reservations at Frances are hard to get most of the time, let alone the Saturday before Valentine's Day. Five stars to him, but you can't review people on Yelp, so Frances reaps the benefits. Totally understand why it's a tough seat to nab. It's quaint, intimate and the food is quite memorable. When we arrived around 9:30 pm, this places was hoppin'. Most restaurants are winding down about that time, but Frances was still getting her groove on. Rather than lurk in the very small bar area, we walked around the Castro for 10-15 minutes and came back for our 10 pm reservation. They sat us right away and drinks were in order. If you are a wino like moi, definitely go with their house varietal. Not only is it good, but they charge you by the ounce. It's brought out in a marked beaker with a wine glass and you can self-serve as much as you like. You only pay for what you drink. What a deal! OR if you're more of a cocktail connoisseur, definitely go with their lavender champagne concoction. For a light bite (or bouches as Frances calls them), we split the calamari, Panisse frites and bacon beignets. Food came out hot and the servings were much larger than expected. I particularly like the frites, as they were a cute little play on fish sticks. Sophisticated fish sticks, of course. And the bacon beignets were out of this world. If you order anything at this restaurant, go with the beignets!Main dishes are exquisite, both the steak and the duck. Just the right amount of meat with a rich, velvety sauce on top. Because I was so full from the dishes above, plus the fact that it was 10:30 pm (go ahead, call me a weenie), I was starting to fade fast and couldn't finish everything on the plate. Oh, but I wanted to! Just... Couldn't... Eat... Everything... So... Tired. Pretty sure my 10 oz. of red wine didn't help, either.That didn't mean that we skipped dessert. It was our Valentine's dinner, duh! We split the lumberjack cake, which came with some Humphrey Slocombe ice cream on the side. My +1 is a big fan of this date-flavored anything, so this was mostly for him. But since I didn't finish my meal and was only able to pick at the cake, it was totally OK.We left Frances stuffed and completely satisfied. And exhausted! As soon as we got home, headed straight for some SNL in bed. In my world, that's a pretty freakin' fantastic way to end a romantic meal. Wouldn't have had it any other way.Well done.
After all the 5 star reviews I've written, I realize this is higher than 5, so maybe I need to rethink some of my other reviews. The food here is sooooo delicious and obviously created by a chef with major talent. The bacon beignets are superb . . . the duck liver mousse is over the moon. I also had the squid ink pasta and loved it. The four of us had 5 desserts between us. All were excellent, however the two I recommend (highly) are the strawberry rhubarb tart with etherial homemade ice cream, and the cake with all kinds of fruit...pears, dates, etc. in it and equally etherial homemade ice cream. The atmosphere is very nice . . . wonderful dinnerware and beautifully plain wooden tables. Even the aprons the wait staff wear coordinate beautifully with the plain and tasteful color theme which feels just right. And the service is perfection. I can't wait to return!!!
Really enjoyed our meal at Frances. Simple, warm, inviting decor and friendly, helpful service. All the food was excellent. Everything was very straight forward and expertly prepared, highlighting each ingredient. Just as it should be!We ordered a nice variety from the menu including a lovely roasted squash 'bouchee' with the most delicious pumpkin seed pipian ($7), perfect for sharing. The kale salad was fresh and lemony and I really enjoyed the apple and fennel paired with the dino kale ($11). I'll be copying that one at home! We had the risotto entree with lovely fresh crab, celery root, and black rice ($22). It was creamy and hearty and the black rice gave the dish a nice earthiness. The black cod with butter beans, chanterelles, and broccolini was also super... buttery, perfectly cooked fish with crispy skin and creamy beans ($27). As I said, all the food was really great!We also enjoyed the house red wine which is 'per ounce/ pay for what you drink', Even if you drink the whole carafe, which we did of course, the price is reasonable for the quality ($27).Portions were just right, not too small, not too large and I felt priced reasonably for the quality all around. The weakest part of the meal in my opinion was dessert. I would have really appreciated at least one gluten-free option... at least one! My husband ordered the apple cider beignets with cinnamon brittle ice cream and poached quince. The beignets were not very apple-y at all, really just tasted like sugary fried dough, the ice cream tasted mostly of over-caramelized sugar, but the quince were divine.Overall, we really enjoyed it and will be back!
Probably one of my fav local places, in the Castro of all places. Chef Perello, wherever you came from, God bless you and your white corn soup! Haven't had one item that wasn't stellar - fresh ingredients, creative prep and presentation. Nice selection of vino. Highly recommend!
This is easily my new favorite restaurant in SF. From the food to the decor, everything was perfect. The interiors are reminiscent of Europe in it's simplicity and elegance, with a modern rustic edge. We were lucky to be seated at the chef's counter without a reservation. We were told that there is a 2 month waiting list for a reservation. Our waiter, David, had a lovely voice and demeanor, and was extremely patient with us as we took a long time to order. We got the house wine on tap, which was a delicious blend that they custom made. It came served in these gorgeous custom monogrammed carafes which were reminiscent of science beakers. Our neighbors at the bar were generous enough to buy us a shot of the cocktail special of the day, a fresh peach puree with vermouth (and something else)... tasty! We spent all night at this restaurant and never felt pressured to leave so they could "turn" our table. They were gracious to the last. We ate:Tomato soup - to die forCornbread with BACON butter - the best thing I ate all nightLittle Gem Salad with Farro - ok, nice and lemonySquid ink tagliatelle with squid and squash blossoms - yum (they gave us this on the house for no good reason! Love it!)Duck breast on fennel, fig, and kale - oh so very delectableBavette steak with chanterelles on a lemon risotto - delishCornmeal Fritter with berries and lemon ice cream - like a light cornmeal funnel cake, great!Lumberjack cake with maple ice cream - a little on the sweet side (sweet like a date or fig), but cozy and tasty. (They also gave us this dessert which we didn't order and an extra carafe of wine on the house. I LOVE THIS PLACE.)The service was a fantastic, our fellow diners were wonderful, the food was outstanding and the decor is ideal. If I were to open a restaurant, I'd want it to be exactly like this. My only complaint was that our food came out rather slow. However, they gave us tagliatelle, a carafe of wine, and an extra dessert all on the house, so any complaint that I might have had, was completely nullified. GO HERE NOW.
Great service and great food. Their grilled corn was simply delightful. Wine by the ounce is nice but it's easy to over drink/spend. Nice little neighbourhood restaurant over all. I recommend it. I'll go there again.
We went here for our anniversary and I must say the customer service was exemplary. I really like how they use text messaging to let me know that they had a table ready if we wanted to come earlier. They also quickly answered my question via text. When we showed up at the restaurant, they welcomed us with big smiles and they took our coats for us. Throughout the evening, they made sure our table was clean and that we got everything that we needed. When the table next to us cleared, they allowed us to spread out so that we had more room, even though it was just me and Loverboy. They comped one of our side dishes because it took forever to come out. They called a cab for us at the end of our dinner. Everyone was super nice, friendly and down to earth. If I could give them 100 stars for the customer service and food, they truly deserve it and they definitely deserve their Michelin Star.Drinks: You can't go wrong with the Elderflower Meadow and Jalisco Sunrise. Both were refreshing and delicious. They're made with wine since they do not have a full bar. They have a huge wine list but Loverboy and I opted to just pay the corkage fee ($15) because we wanted to pop open this bottle we have been saving for our anniversary. I noticed that they serve Blue Bottle coffee which is one of my favorite coffee brands. That's legit!For starters we ordered: Grilled calamari, Panisse frites (chickpea fritters), Bacon beignets, Baked Clams. I just have to warn you that the servings for the bouchees are really small but I think it's more about quality than quantity. The calamari was so tender and it tasted really fresh. I loved the pickled currants mixed with the calamari. Loverboy was having foodgasms over the baked clams. The bacon beignets were so delicious that they were like an amazing party in your mouth. We loved the beignets and clams so much that we ordered extra servings of them. You only get two shells of clams filled with "amazingness" so it is definitely easy to inhale that dish. I'm pretty sure the server and food runner thought Loverboy and I were human piggies.For entrees: Loverboy ordered the Bavette Steak and I ordered the Pan Roasted Duck breast. The steak just melts in your mouth and it was perfectly seasoned. It goes really well with the gratin side we ordered. The duck was so juicy and I really liked the crispy skin that they left on the breast. I think having the citrus flavors with the duck was a stroke of genius.The star of the night was our dessert: the chocolate almond clafoutis (it's like a molten lava cake) with banana slices and salted caramel ice cream. The salty-sweet flavor combo was to die for! We wanted to order an extra one but we needed to stop before we eat ourselves to death.To sum it up, Loverboy and I ate like it was our last meal. We practically cleaned our plates which would make our moms proud. I highly recommend this restaurant and I will definitely will be back for more.
Had dinner here the night I ran the San Francisco marathon, so was very much looking forward to a much anticipated visit to Frances. Cute, simple but classy, tucked away place. We scored with the back corner table. The market shots were tasty and refreshing. The service was a little off. We went a while in between check-ins so ordering / refilling our wine carafe were lengthy pursuits. My dish came much in advance of my boyfriend's which was a little odd, asked to have it re-heated. Timing issues aside, the highlights were definitely the chickpea fritters, lumberjack cake (get it!), and the house wine system. Glad we got a chance to visit Frances!
We went to Frances for my birthday a couple days ago. We have been there before and had a great time - wonderful food and service last year, so this year for my birthday my family surprised me and took me there.The food was great and the wine was nice. However I was really disappointed in the service. Our primary waiter seemed to be in a weird mood. Initially when we were asking him a couple questions about the meal, he got into a huff and a puff and started being really irritated. Honestly it felt uncomfortable and if t was not for the fact that it was a special evening and my son had worked hard on getting a reservation, I would have walked out. The rest of the support staff was nice and considerate and the food was great.
I think I would like this place a little more if it wasn't for all the hype hence high expectations. Or maybe I've just been spoiled living in a city with so many great restaurants that when I dined here I was far from wowed. Hubby and I ordered the beignets (just ok), beet salad (I could have made this at home), and baked clams (too salty) to share and duck and steak for the entrees. The entrees were cooked nice but the overall meal lacked the creativity or even a single wow factor which puzzled me about what all the hype was about.Sorry guys, but this place is overrated in my book.
We ordered seven dishes - four were quite forgettable and the chocolatey dessert was mediocre. Only the maple creme fraiche, and the cheesey crouton base to the beef, were sort of decent, and each of those was just an add on to a dish. Solid 3-star food. But at these prices?!Service is friendly but the tables are so close together you need to contort your body each time they bring something to the table. That gets annoying the fifth or seventh time. Acoustics are surprisingly good considering the table density - that's the one thing they did really well.I don't understand the hype at all. I don't mean that in some food-snob way. On a basic "did you love the food?" level, I see no reason to return. Not even if it cost half as much as it does. In this city, there are so, so many better choices.
Great food. Decent staff. Pricey. Noisy. Cramped.Good stuff. Nothing to write about...wait...I'm writing...DAMN.
Not sure what I can add to the more than 700 reviews. Yes, Frances is worthy of making the top 10 best new restaurants of 2010 in Bon Appetit Magazine. It's been on my list that long and finally tried it for a friend's birthday celebration recently. We had to make the reservation six weeks in advance, and it was for a Tuesday evening. Yes, it's that good. The applewood-smoked bacon beignets are reason enough alone to go, but Frances is the full package, from start to finish. The end of our Frances experience was kind of great. My two girlfriends and I were busy catching up and oblivious that we had been at our table long after our check had arrived. Being that the restaurant is small and popular, the next diners were waiting for our table and had probably made a reservation six weeks in advance like we did. Our host approached our table and asked us if he could buy us a drink at the bar. I immediately understood what he was doing, trying in an affable way to get us up from our coveted table. I laughed, apologized and told him that was the best way I had experienced being kicked out of a table. We joked, went back and forth and I really appreciated the approach. Wonderful food and overall experience.
I arrive in San Francisco, get picked up from the airport and then the same heroine whisks me to Frances for a 9:30pm reservation on a Friday night.Oh, stars... how I love it when you align just so. For starters: Frances is a low-key kind of gal, with 'neighborhood' spot written all over. You're well-aware of the write-ups, the accumulating accolades and the reputation. With that comes the even harder-to-get reservations! Expected, obviously. We shared a few brilliant dishes including the bacon beignets, duck breast, Meyer lemon risotto and the roasted Brussels sprouts. The food: Disarmingly good. The space + service: Disarmingly likable.And there you have it... my year, culinary speaking, has been made.
By chance, friends of ours were able to procure reservations for four people! I was so EXCITED. I heard such great things and it MUST be good if it literally takes months to score a reservation!We ordered MANY things on the menu. Nothing disappointed.-smoked bacon beignets - excellent and flavorful-calamari salad - fresh-cucumber salad - light and crispy-charred eggplant - perfection-grilled beets - grilled perfectlly with wonderful spice-lacinato kale salad - my FAVORITE dish of the night as it was absolute perfectionThe hubby and friend both had the duck and both thought it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. I had the Cassoulet and it was utterly fresh and tasty. Our other friend had the steak and he thought it was excellent.For dessert we both ordered the Lumberjack Cake which was AMAZING!If I could get reservations here every weekend - I 'd definitely be here!
Guys, I am sorry. After reading the reviews on yelp was super excited to try this place, but I have to say we left really disappointed. The pros: the pay for what you drink house wine is a great innovation, and we started our meal with the market shot which was really tasty, as others have mentioned.However, it was pretty much downhill from there. We ordered the chickpea fritters and bacon beignets to start after reading rave reviews. The beignets were ok but extremely filling, i cant believe that anyone is complaining about the portions being too small (for a $7 small plate). The chickpea dish is not something that I would want to eat again. Both of these dishes were quite heavy, especially for appetizers - if fried food is your thing then go for it, but if not do yourself a favor and stick with one of the salads. The chicken wings on special were decent, but by that point we had trouble eating anything else that was fried.The gnocchi, which have been talked up quite a bit here, were extremely soft, bordering on mushy. Between two of us, we didn't even finish half of these. For the main course, I ordered the steak, medium rare. It came out way on the rare side. No lie, I had to chew each bite for at least a minute. If you must order the steak, get it cooked at least medium if you don't want to spend half your meal chewing. Some of the desserts sounded good, but by that point we were ready to go and decided to skip it.Honestly, I was pretty surprised at the level of mediocrity given the high ratings on yelp. The only reason I am giving 3 stars instead of 2 is that I am taking partial blame for ordering so many fried appetizers instead of a salad. The ambiance is nice, the service was decent and I really liked the graphic identity / menu design - I definitely wanted to like this place, but the food we had was subpar across the board. At this price point (and given a Michelin star?) I expect much better execution. I don't understand what's up with most of these reviews - are people seriously waiting months to get a reservation for this place?
Took a while for me to get a reservation, finally got one late. The tables are VERY close together. I could count the pores on my neighbor's nose it was so close. The services was breezy and cheery throughout.We started with a glass of the house blended wine. It was okay a mix flavors which I didn't find particularly enjoyable. We didn't have another and ordered a bottle of something else, a nice pinot noir.For the food we began with the infamous beignets. They were good, they really needed the dipping sauce because despite the very strong bacon flavor, they were quite under-seasoned. The linguine with chicken was more successful but it was quite a teeny portion and in contrast to the beignets, they were pretty heavy handed with the salt. There must have been around 4 forkfulls of pasta in total.The bavette was tasty, excellent cooking and the portion of the main course was decent. The chicken roulade was good too and the spring onion gratin was delicious. The lumberjack cake with ice cream was a triumph. Great flavors that really complemented each other. So all in all it was a good meal, over $200 for 2 of us so it might remain a bit of a special treat rather than a go-to. The only down side for me was that the menu was small and, dare I say it, not enormously exciting/interesting but everything that was served was executed well.
Cute little place. Nice environment. Daily shot drinks were special. :)The food was good. Not mind blowing good, but good. Definitely a place to stop by. The place was packed at 5:30 so make a reservation. I recommend the Beignets and Steak.
The restaurant is small. We came around 6.30pm and waited for the walk in line which took 30 mins to get a seat. The deco is hip while cozy. Ordered the Beignet as appetizer. It's not bad. The tuna salad is great with excellent salad sauce. Salmon and steak are our entrees. They are both great. The dessert is something that you can't miss. The Tarte Tartin is really nice. I love the fig baked with the puff pastry and the milk shake compliment the pie. They are perfect match.
I really liked this place! Loved the beignets, got the beef entree my husband got the fish. Very small and quaint. You need a reservation for sure!
Another perfect dinner at Frances to night!  Keep up the good work! Thank you Thank you thank you! Perfect food, staff, ambiance!
Have eaten here twice and am always speechless by the end of the meal. Everything is dee-lish! I don't think you can go wrong ordering. The service is fantastic. They're attentive, knowledgable and appreciative-- and it's the appreciation that makes all the difference. As everyone else points out, they have great house wines by the ounce. So Frances is a good value too!You can check out photos of the food we got on our food website. The post is titled "But Grandma! I'm a Vegetarian" because Frances is the name of Chef Melissa Perello's grandmother, and it's that history that seems to come through in the experience of dining there. eatsporkjew.com/restauraWith regards to the restaurant's non-culinary qualities:It's a little hard to get a table. If you're walking by you might get lucky with a seat at the bar for walk-ins, but it's best to just try and make a reservation, because with a reservation, if the restaurant is behind in seating you, the GM will go out of his way to make it up to you. because that's how awesome their customer service is. So what are you waiting for? Call the restaurant and take whatever table for two they have in six weeks.
If heaven is a restaurant then Frances is it!!The food here... god himself couldn't make a better dish. I can see why getting a reservation here is difficult. It is a very tiny restaurant but the food had massive amounts of flavor. I went with a couple of my coworkers on a work lunch and we order 4 different plates, all amazing. My main dish was the duck... I basically embarrassed myself. I moaned so loud because it was SO... DAMN... GOOD. It is a little pricy but worth every penny. The staff was great too and very friendly. Frances left me speechless and I now recommend it to every on who lives/visits San Francisco.
The food is always amazing here. The services is amazing--the atmosphere is great. We were not able to make reservations but were able to get seating at the bar. What can I say the food melted in my mouth. You can really taste all the flavors from the seasonings, everything is just amazing. I totally would recommend this place.Most important the service is great too.
This time around I took the advice of some yelpers and checked for available reservations a few days before I wanted to eat at Frances. Lo and behold! I got a reservation without the two month wait! Thanks Yelpers!My friend and I decided to dine tapas style... we started out with the always refreshing and delicious market shots. Then we got all the appetizers on the menu, a couple of gem salads and two desserts. Not to mention a carafe of their white house wine and a carafe of their red house wine. The more wine, the merrier!The two appetizers we hadn't tried previously were the grilled calamari and the roasted eggplant tapenade with lavash bread. We were so glad we ordered them. Both were so incredibly delicious. The gem salads were super fresh and yummy. I love combination of butter lettuce, different types of summer squash sliced paper thin and super light vinaigrette, with the creamy but light "Crema de Nocciolo" on the bottom of the plate.Lumberjack Cake, Chocolate Almond Clafoutis and Blue Bottle coffee were the perfect ending to our evening.We can't wait to come back!
Warm and cozy, welcoming staff, and delicious food. My wife and I went for our bi-monthly "nice dinner", and left very satisfied.The restaurant itself is in a small space on a charming street in what Google Maps calls "Dolores Heights" (neighborhood namers rejoice!) and has a nice, homey feel. The sewn coasters and simple walnut tables are classy and not the least bit overdone. The maitre d' is effusively charming and welcoming, and from the start you feel like you're going to be well taken care of.My wife started with the daily shot, which was a delicious spicy/sweet/boozy version of grapefruit juice. I had the house wine, for which you pay by the ounce, but which is served in an 18-oz bottle (yikes!). Both the house white and the house red were quite good, and a budget alternative to some of the other wines by the glass.For appetizers we had the broccoli and the crab risotto, both of which were delicious. The risotto included salsify, which I was expecting to be more flavorful, but was pretty bland, and I wish had been crab instead. :)For her entree, my wife had the crespelles (the vegetarian option), and I had the duck breast with a side order of the endive gratin. I can't resist a good gratin, and this one was a nice fatty accompaniment to the fairly lean duck. My wife loved the crespelles.For dessert we shared a healthy slice of lumberjack cake and a glass of alcoholic apple cider from Vermont. The cake is delicious and perfectly baked, and went beautifully with the cider.Frances is not cheap, and it's tempting to get one of everything. The space is also a little overly loud, but it was a real treat, and a nice night out.
Hands down a stellar experience. We didn't have a single thing that wasn't good. Our table had the bacon beignets, and duck liver pate, chicory salad, duck, and lemon tart. I'd recommend any of them. Wine by the ounce is great, just know that each line is 2 ounces. I didn't realize that so I drank a bit more than I realized. Oops! :-) Will definitely be back!
We had such a wonderful experience here! Can't wait to go back. Maybe one of our new favorites.
A warm, inviting neighborhood spot with personable service and top notch eats. The lighting, decor and furnishings put you at ease immediately...or maybe its the pay-by-the-ounce house wine. Great chefs counter on which to perch and watch the action in the kitchen. Did i mention the personable service? Having lamented the absence of their strawberry shortcake on the menu (peach season now) Melissa herself brought out a jar of strawberries for me as a parting gift. Now how many places do that?
Food is good but the place is over-hyped so to me it seems too expensive for what you get.*Smoked tomato soup - great flavor but too creamy for my taste.*Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - very good, but didn't strike my taste buds as something I can't wait to order again. I haven't had a craving for them again since eating them. Maybe it's just not my thing.*Bavette Steak - delicious!*Gnocchi - Really good. I forgot what else we ordered. The food overall was very good but I don't think it lived up to the hype, and the prices just aren't worth the cramped & pretentious experience. I'd return, but I'd rather try other restaurants.
I do see what all the fuss is about. It is worth going for the Bacon Beignets alone - these delicious salty fatty sweet treats did not disappoint! I wish we had ordered them for both an appetizer and desert they were so good!The quail was also pretty outstanding, although a little under cooked in one piece.  I didn't send it back, but was surprised given the high caliber of this restaurant that would be overlooked.Loved the special side of roasted corn with cilantro and yogurt - simple and delicious.At the recommendation of other yelpers, tried the lumberjack cake. It was good,, but I would say sadly a bit of a let down after such an incredible meal. It seemed like more of a fall desert in the middle of summer, and just didn't do it for me.Staff was friendly, attentive, and made good recommendations. I would definitely eat here again sometime.
Hang in there and make that reservation. The food is yummy and the staff is amazing. Went for a special event celebration and they made it really wonderful. We had a lot of different choices with 4 people. The beignets were a double bonus. And the main courses- while only "slightly innovative" were all perfectly cooked. YUM.
Overall enjoyed our meal at Frances but wouldn't consider it the highlight meal of our SF trip.Started off with what appears to be everyones' favourite; Smoked Bacon Beignets. They are all right, they are lovely and delicious.Thought the appetizers were a great size, not too heavy - Duck Confit salad was very nice. Would highly recommend.As for the entrees and dessert, I think this is where Frances fell off a bit. While I hate menus with a million things to choose from, the choices of steak, salmon, quail and cassoulet felt limited. Would like to have seen a different selection of proteins, so ended up with the cassoulet, which was nice, but not a standout - my husbands' quail was more successful.Ordered the profiterole with salted caramel ice cream for dessert. It sounded amazing and I was super excited to try, but unfortunately was not as great as I expected.Lastly, one thing I loved (and wish most restaurants) would do is their house wine by the ounce, $1/ounce, red or white, and was actually quite good. Great way to shift easily between the wine based on your meal for a great price.
I was expecting this to be a five-star restaurant in all ways but it's really a four-star experience and, considering the price, overall I was slightly underwhelmed. The bacon beignets with the maple-chive creme fraiche were underseasoned with merely a whiff of bacon through their doughy interiors; although balanced by the slightly sweet crme, it wasn't particularly exciting. The crab-beet salad similarly didn't overly light my fire. Sure, the crab meat tasted succulent and I enjoyed the warmed beets against bits of citrus, but, once again, the salad floated by like so much fog off of Twin Peaks, only to evaporate with the next conversation.  That said, the Monterey Black Cod has a punch that played to its advantages -- beyond perfectly done cod as one can only imagine (like a firm white cloud from heaven with a silver lining) paired with flavorful corn niblets, translucent shaved fennel, and an earthy green sauce. Wow. Now I understand. In terms of service, I have nothing but good things to say.  I'd go back for the cod any day but not sure I'd repeat anything else.
We had to reserve weeks in advance for a 10:30pm spot on a Saturday. For the weeks leading up to our meal, all I had to do was wonder how good Frances was gonna be for making me wait so long and trek out on a late night for some food.I must preface this review by saying that my meal at Frances was my fifth of the day (yes, you read that correctly). And even then, it was one of the most amazing meals I've ever had! That's saying something.My first impression of the restaurant was its front door. Its hours said 5:00~10:30 for Saturday. I inwardly panicked! Are they going to let us in at 10:30 for our reservation? Usually restaurants put their latest closing time, not the last reservation time. I was very relieved when we were ushered in warmly by the host. The dining room is well lit with 2 rows of tables along a rectangular corridor. The tables by the wall have benches with comfy cushions for your back. This totally helped because after eating all that food, I could use the back support!The host came by to, sadly, inform us that the bacon beignets were all out! That's what we get for coming in at 10:30, I guess. However, he did mention that they filtered their own water. Points for this because I can't get used to SF tap water at all.Every dish we ordered was exquisite. I couldn't pick out one wrong aspect of any of them! Here is a rundown:Gratin of trumpet mushrooms with fennel, onion, endive and parmesan. I'd have to say this was the best dish of the night. I absolutely love mushrooms (of any kind) and was blown away by the play of flavors and textures of this dish! I was very glad the cheese did not weigh down the other ingredients. Great side!Dungeness crab risotto. The lemon creme was the highlight of the dish! The light citrus flavor cut through the heaviness of the risotto perfectly.Calamari salad with kabocha and a bunch of other stuff. The colors were wonderful! I couldn't help but stare at (and smell) it! The calamari was tender and flavorful and I loved the addition of the kabocha.Duck breast. Thick slices with 80% lean and 20% fat, cooked medium rare, served with a duck jus. Rich flavors, tender texture... just wonderful!Wheat crepes. I loved the presentation of this dish! The crepe looked like a fried spring roll from a chinese take out place but was soft, flavorful, and not greasy! Yum yum yum~Broccoli and cauliflower. I love this combination, especially when roasted with garlic. Even if you have bad childhood memories of these two veggies, I promise that you can't go wrong with this execution of them!I couldn't believe I had room for dessert at this point. I was ready to food coma all the way. But who can resist chocolate cake, burnt caramel sauce, salted caramel ice cream, and caramelized bananas? Yes, it's as good as it sounds! Too bad I didn't get to try the panna cotta... the espresso gelee sounded delicious!It's been a few days after the fact, but I'm still reeling from fond memories of everything I had at Frances. Be sure I will be back (at an earlier hour) for the bacon beignets!
What an unbelievably charming place in the Castro! After a brief detour, Michelle L. and I made our way to this almost secluded restaurant situated randomly in an otherwise residential area. Though very much on the smaller side, we didn't feel cramped at all and with our hilariously charismatic server, we would've hardly noticed anyway.Sometimes the greatest things lie in the details and this could not have held more true at Frances. Delicious, fresh-baked Rustic Levain from Acme Bread came quickly and I joked that it was so soft that a holding a piece reminded me of a little accordion (sorry...haha). To go with this, we ordered the house red and wine uniquely served at $1/oz in slender bottles with 2 oz markings - both very impressive especially considering they're house varieties.The meal started off with Baked Cherrystone Clams and Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets. They were both nicely done and hats off must be given to that Maple Chive Creme Fraiche, it worked so well with...everything and I found myself dunking bread into it the entire time.The first star of the meal was the Spugnole Pasta. Its herbacious and earthy flavors were amazing and I couldn't help but savor every single bite. The similes didn't stop at accordions as Michelle likened the pasta's texture to a "slinky over her tongue." Our main dish came in the form of Local King Salmon - perfectly cooked and brightened by smoked baby beets and creme fraiche.We would never let ourselves live it down without trying the 'Lumberjack' Cake and we were so glad because it was freakin' delicious! The richer sweetness of the dates and dark fruits was balanced by the cake's exquisitely airy texture. Let's not forget to mention the accompanying Maple-Walnut ice cream sourced from Humphrey Slocombe that had "win" written all over it.Frances fully deserves its Michelin star with fantastic food, wonderful ambiance and some of the most personable staff I've met yet =D
As referenced in Robert V's review, I'm his auntie who lives on 17th street a block away from Frances, and I referred him to Frances. My partner and I just so happened to walk our dogs past Frances when we noticed he and his partner signing the bill and departing.  They ran into the general manager and was discussing their experience. I encouraged them to discuss it outside with GM Robert as the area near the door is quite small. I stood their listening to the entire conversation, and I'm disappointed that Melissa would entrust her restaurant to this person. He lacks professionalism, empathy, care and concern for how customers are treated. He was completely obstinate and indignant about the matter, and was actually defending the actions of the server, Melissa. At one moment, when Robert V. shared that they didn't get the water refilled, the GM Robert said "we'll, you have water in your glass now". I thought, oh my goodness, if I were Melissa, I'd terminate him on the spot for treating a customer that way.Completely inappropriate and unacceptable performance I'm writing this in hopes that changes are made. I care about the success and quality of businesses in my neighborhood. I'm glad Frances is here and only hope for their continued success.I've referred many business associates and friends to Frances as we like the food a lot.  At the same time, it's a people business and if that formula is off and arrogance and complacency sets in, that would be shameful.
Innovative menu selections like panisse frites and a seasonal farm to table menu. I'm always impressed here. I love everything here, but the salads, the desserts and the house wine are fabulous. If you arrive without a reservation, share a carafe (or two) of the house wine while you wait, it's fairly priced and very good as house wines go. (Of course this is San Francisco, land of the wine snob aficionado...I like it;)I'm sad to read the other reviews here saying that it's getting 'too big for it's britches' because I have been 3 times in the last year and each time the whole experience was marvelous. Not once did we have a reservation and each time we were seated within 10 to 15 minutes. The staff has always been kind and inviting even when they seemed slammed. I guess some people just have better restaurant karma then others?
Yum... though it seems to draw the very delightfully pretentious crowd. :) Needless to say, that made for an amusing evening.Food was great, service was pleasant- overall a good experience. Order the beignets, amaze.
Fantastic meal! One of the best I've had in San Francisco, by far. This is completely consistent with what I've heard about this place from friends so I might ask myself why it took me so long to get here? Then I remind myself, that getting a reservation here at a reasonable time is no easy task. I had booked my dinner reservation for the night I dined 2 months in advance. So if you want to come here, and avoid the early planning, either plan for a very early or late dinner or brush out all your reservation magic tricks that I just don't know.Stepping into Frances, the much to do over reservations makes sense. It's a tiny, vibrant little space, that was absolutely packed on a Thursday night. I really liked the feel and although the tables were so close together that getting out from the inside seat took some tricky maneuvering and getting to know your neighbor, I wasn't distracted by this at all during my meal. The food was all excellent. I wouldn't recommend the spring onion gratin, not because it was bad, just because it wasn't as amazing as everything else I tried (crepes, snapper, panesse frites) and I'd rather gamble with something else on the menu that sounded delicious. I was extremely impressed by the pay-as-you go table win (a bargain a $1 and ounce!). They bring out a carafe marked in two ounce increments and you pay for whatever you finish. It's a dangerous game but does (hypothetically) give you complete control over how much you drink. That is if control and drink as you will carafe of wine can really be put together in the same sentence. I would totally eat at Frances every week if I could! Sadly I'll have to put in my reservation to try to come again in two months. It was, however, absolutely worth the wait!
Delicious, tasty food with a cozy atmosphere.Came here with a group of four, with reservations booked 3 months out. We got lucky with parking and ended up parking at some building that required no permit after 6pm.We ordered the following:1) Panisse Frites - Chickpea fritters, calabrese chili, lemon aioli. It came with 4 pieces and they were really creamy. I especially liked the orange sauce it came with.2) Applewood smoked bacon beignets - maple chive creme fraiche. Came with 5 pieces and you could see the small chunks of bacon as you bit into the beignets. Soft on the inside with a slightly crispy outside.3) Dungeness Crab Risotto - Delta aspargus and meyer lemon creme. My favorite dish of the dinner! Delicious and flavorful. I could have had bowls of this for dinner. I especially liked the meyer lemon flavor and it wasn't overly creamy.4) Grilled Quail and wilted baby kale salad - spiced jus, lemon, roasted spring onions. We all expected a whole quail with the kale salad, but to our surprise we found that the quail was already cut up. Nonetheless it was very tasty and the onions were sweet.5) Salmon with beets - I think this was the best salmon I have ever tasted so far. I was hesitant to order it for fear of it being dry, but it was moist and very flavorful! The beets weren't the deep maroon/red color, but more pink with a vinegary sweet flavor.6) Lumberjack cake - medjool dates with maple-walnut ice cream. Soo yummy! Love the cake - sweet, soft and warm. The maple-walnut ice cream was very tasty too. Best thing was the cake wasn't so warm that it melted all the ice cream.7) Strawberry Panna Cotta with pistachios - It was alright, I'd stick with the lumberjack cake.Overall, one of the best dinners I've had in SF, and I would love to come back in the future for more.
Hands down, the best restaurant in the Castro.Who do I have to sleep with to get a table? Just let me know.
I've been to Frances twice and both of my experiences were very similar. Excellent service. Good food. But not absolutely mind blowing. I feel bad for giving this place 3 stars because I feel like maybe I'm missing something. For a lot of San Franciscans, Frances is THE restaurant. People enjoy it and keep coming back and absolutely rant and rave about this place. Maybe my expectations were just too high. I'm not really sure, but I haven't given up on this place at all. I would still return and give it another shot. Maybe because I'm convinced that I can still have the same experience as all the others who have written these 4 and 5 star reviews.Until next time...
Do I even need to review this place? I mean, it's SO GOOD as you can read below. Anyone who doesn't agree is JUST PLAIN WRONG! lolGZ managed to get a 5:45 res for my bday. We were warmly greeted and helped by Paul, "the wine guy." He was so nice and not pretentious at all, which could also describe the restaurant's atmosphere. We started with the wine by the oz. which is genius! Bouchees: These were definitely more than a mouthful, more like 3 mouthfuls, actually! I was thinking about skipping these and I imagined them to be small little one biters. Thank god we did not and skipped the apps instead (though I kinda wish we got the chestnut soup).Applewood Bacon Beignets: DO NOT skip these! Fried, delightful, not overly greasy, and not overly bacon-ned. I know, how is that possible, but it is. The maple chive creme fraiche is such a perfect accompaniment!Masala spice Cauliflower & Yogurt: I didn't really know what to expect but it was like a dip that came in a small glass jar. After slathering it on the lavash, I was about to lick the jar clean but GZ convinced me to just eat it with the spoon. YUM.Entrees: Duck breast was perfectly, perfectly cooked. I'm Chinese so my people like to roast that bird to death and it's delicious but in a totally different way. This duck breast was medium rare and so incredibly juicy. The striped bass was pan fried, with a perfectly crispy skin. Sides: We also had the side of the napa cabbage and the gnocchi. The crispy shallots gave the cabbage some depth and was super enjoyable. The gnocchi took a few bites for me to get into, the freshness eventually won me over. Good accompaniment to the rest of the meal.We skipped dessert and they brought out a cookie with a candle anyway! Great touch to a great meal/birthday.Best of all? The portions were quite generous for this type of restaurant. Usually they seem to be a bit micro but here I felt thoroughly satiated and stuffed. I rarely come back to nicer restaurants in SF (so many to try) but I could put this on my return list.
Melissa was rude and just am all around horrible experience. Will not ever return! Just left such a sour taste. Why is she in the service industry if she doesn't know how to handle customers? Felt like we were at the DMV by closing time.
*On our quest to try 52 new places in 52 weeks.* This place gets five stars out of me.We made our Open Table reservation about a week in advance and still only got a 10:00pm dinner spot for this place. We were early and figured it wouldn't hurt to let them know we were here and they actually sat us right away. This place is tinnnnny. Maybe 10 tables? They took our coats and we nestled in between two other couples. Once we had a chance to look at the menu I asked the waiter about the "house beverages" section. What they do here is genius. First, for $3 you can have a 3 oz "market shot." How it's explained on the menu is: Whatever we find at the market gets juiced, spiced and spiked. That day it was some sort of Campari something- I don't know. It was orange and it was delicious. Next they have their Frances Red or White wine which is $1 per ounce. They bring out a 20oz bottle or so filled with your choice and you pay for what you drink (there are little notches on the side so that you can see). Since we only drank about 10 oz or so that's all we were charged for. Amazing.We then moved on to our appetizers. We shared the Baked Cherrystone Clams which were incredible and the Parnsip soup since it was chill outside. The soup was not only beautifully presented (poured over the more tangible ingredients in your dish) but delicious. For our respective dinners I had the Duck Breast and the hubs had the Steak. Both were very good. The Duck was a pretty large portion and try as I could to finish it, I just wasn't able to. We then asked for our bill (which came out to just over $100) and they very nicely put our coats on for us (the service!). I am happy to recommend this place to anyone and absolutely will be coming back. A perfect neighborhood restaurant.
F * I * N * A * L * L * YI've been pining for reservations to this joint for much too long... Opentable is not a friend when it comes to place of such high demand. This is probably the hardest reservation to get in SF.Fortunately for me, the husband was able to score ressies for our 7th (Dating) Anniversary from a kind and generous wizard and VIOLA! One of the best meals I've ever had in gourmet San Francisco... specifically the best clam I ever had in my LIFE!I love that this place is not pretentious and it's really just about the food. And the food... was done so right - I mean OH SO right. The menu items are New American Classics executed perfectly.  Now... if I could just figure out how to score another reservation...
This place is an absolute winner! Went here for a second time and had an even better time. The food is exceptional and the service is spot on. The bacon beignets are a perennial pleaser. The steak bavette and red snapper were also amazing. Don't skip out on the lumberjack cake or you'll be sorry!You get SO much more for your money at Frances. I highly recommend it for a wonderful dining experience!
Service is perfect. The space is small and cold if you sit by the door, but still very charming.  Tip: don't say anything you don't want your dining neighbors to hear because they can hear you.  Eat: baked clams, crab risotto, bavette steak Not my fave: ricotta gnocchi, fish dish
I felt like we won the lottery the other night when we walked into Frances and waited only 20 minutes for the opportunity to sit at the bar, albeit, squeezed quite close to the other lovely guests to the left and right of us. While the menu changes regularly here, it SO helped to have a good sense of what I did and didn't like from my last time here. As a result, I was able to stay away from offerings that were just ok last time - i.e., the persimmon salad, and bacon beignets - and ordered new and better items on the menu. Here's what we had this time, in order of when it arrived: * Domaine La Butte - Cab Franc ("Le Pied De La Butte," Bourgeil, France). We asked for something pretty dry, yet fruit forward and light. Our server gave us a taste of this, and we were sold immediately. The fruit and tannins of a younger cab, but the lightness of a slightly heavy pinot, this was easy to drink and worked well with most of what we ordered. Note: later in the meal, we also ordered a glass of white wine to go with the fish, but forgot the name of the bottle it came from. We asked for dry, full-bodied, and fruit forward. But, got something that was probably more fruitier (i.e. sweeter) than we were looking for. * Panisse Frites - chick pea fritters, calabrese chili, and black olive aoli. One of the favorites for the evening. Delicately crispy coating and velvety smooth inside. How do they get the chick peas to do that?! Seasoned just right, the subtle black olive aoli was the perfect compliment. I didn't quite get the chili flavor, but it was all good either way.* Baked cherry stone clams. Just as fantastic as before. It's amazing how consistent these were to what I remember from my last trip here. (Pls check my original review below for more info). * Wheat flour crepe crespelles - robiola, winter greens, wild mushrooms. Not my favorite for the evening, but it was still very, very good. The crepes were rolled like a spring roll. The stuffing almost had a texture of spanakopita filling. The crepe was just a tad too soggy for my taste, but the small mound of wild mushrooms and greens were perfect with it!* Red snapper - chanterelle mushrooms, roasted sunchokes, meyer lemon gremolata. I almost creamed my pants after having the first bite of this. It was the highlight of the gastrofest for me. Nicely seared on the outside, but tender inside. I really enjoyed the chanterelles and roasted sunchokes. The gremolata was out of this world - delicate, but boldly presented the nice flavors of the fish without it being "fishy." * Roasted brussels sprouts - chestnuts and bacon lardons. You'll never look at brussels sprouts the same way again. Just a little caramelized on the outside and smoky from the lardons. The chestnuts complemented the nuttiness of the brussels sprouts very well. Next time we may order more of this side dish and soup to make to make it a meal in and of itself! * Ridgecut Griss Mills Golden Polenta - black trumpet mushroom ragout. With the texture and look of cottage cheese mixed with finely chopped greens, this was my least favorite dish of the evening. But, the black trumpet mushrooms really redeemed it for me. But, don't take my word for it. My friend loved it.* Lumberjack cake - pink lady apple, medjool dates, maple-walnut ice cream. Having the visual appeal of a fiber muffin, I was hesitant about this dessert when it arrived. But, I was blown away when I tasted it. A little crispy outside, but moist, yet substantive inside. Big flavors from the dates, but tempered by the apples, and not too sweet. The maple-walnut ice cream, while not bold on the walnut flavor (or the maple for that matter), still worked well.* Pink lady apple galette - rum raisin ice cream. This should really be called "Rum Raisin Ice Cream with Apple Galette" because The Humphry Slocombe rum raisin ice cream was probably the highlight of this dessert. You can really taste the rum and the raisin here. It was wonderful. The galette was made well, but nothing too special. The apples on the galette might have been a little over-cooked as it was kind of mushy. The pastry was really flaky and buttery, but got kind of soggy from the apples.A splurge given our unplanned excursion here at $94/person, but quite reasonable given all we ordered and how pleased we were with the whole experience at the end of the night. Solid 4.5 stars!
(See pics)More of 4.3 stars.Great packed place to get a good evening in for some delicious Californian style food and drinks.The applewood smoked bacon semi bite size beignets really hit the note as it's savory sweet that was totally different from anywhere else I have tried.The salad was refreshing that was a good introduction to the main course. The Carnaroli risotto was good rich and round taste.Both the halibut and salmon were very solid good though I am not very certain if they're out of the world inventive.Chocolate 'Clafoutis' with caramelized banana, burnt caramel and salted caramel ice cream from Humphry Slocombe was quite delicious for its very velvet chocolate taste.Lumberjack cake with maple walnut ice cream was a classic hit and was also quite good.The wine by the glass selection was okay and covered the basics. They do have a book of wines by the bottle so it's good if you come in a group of 4 who love to drink and eat.The Four Barrel coffee was in a fantastic big jar and definitely quickly kept me up and wired awake.Really liked the warm feeling ambiance, very welcoming and especially since the restaurant sits in the quiet neighborhood, it's more quiet outside but fairly upbeat inside. Service was good with good suggestions on wine pairing.
Frances is a gem. We were lucky to get reservations for a table of 4 at 7:30 at the last minute on opentable. Someone must have just canceled, and I'm glad they decided not to go! At first I wasn't sure where the restaurant was because it was very residential, but then I saw people standing outside so I knew it must be Frances.The food is very very good. The menu isn't very large, so if you go in a group, I recommend trying everything. I also like how they charge the house wine by the ounce...drink as much or as little as you want. The decor is charming and if you can get a reservation, take it!
I made reservations well in advance (2 months) and it was still hard to get a table. 9:30 on a Saturday it was. The service was great and the restaurant was super charming. I have to say though that I was not blown away. We started with the clams which were good. My BF got the spinach soup... yum.  I had the fish and it was ok. Did not need the gnocchi. The dessert was good but I can't remember what I had and the coffee- get it!! In comparison, I still remember the amazeballs burritos on 24th st in the Mission as well as the sandwich from IKES. So nothing really stood out in particular that I have to go back for next time I'm in San Fran.Love however that for a fine dining place, the price was super reasonable. Love the wine by oz system. We drank the whole carafe and only paid $20 something for it.
Came here with the boyfriend on my birthday. We had reservations for 9:00 p.m., but the restaurant called to inform us we could arrive over an hour early, which was fortunate as we were starving. The place is rather small and you are seated very close to your neighbors. Like, you could reach out and hold their hand if you wanted to. The decor is cute and charming without trying too hard. I felt very comfortable and at ease here.We had the beets, calamari, and another small plate I can no longer recall. We did not get the bacon beignets, which I started to regret once I saw them on tables to either side of ours, and now, glancing through pictures, I most definitely do.We ordered the bavette steak and swordfish entree. Steak is never my first choice, but I was a bit intimidated by the other 2-3 entrees so played it safe. The bf thought the swordfish was prepared well, but there were no exclamations of deliciousness. I wanted to like this place, as it's low-key and uses fresh, local ingredients, but neither of us found anything outstanding. It's possible that we may have ordered the wrong items, and it looks as though the menu changes quite a bit. I would like to come back, but seeing how stressful it is for me to navigate around SF being a non-native, unlikely. If I lived in the neighborhood things might be different.Upon leaving, I attempted to take a picture next to the restaurant's (my) name after dinner, since I thought it would make for a nice photo, but unfortunately, the lighting and my face did not agree, so that was that.
I came here with two of my girlfriends to catch up. We were unable to get resies (resies were unavailable for 2 weeks!) so we decided to try to snatch communal seating. The place is very small so we had to squeeze into a corner to wait. As we were waiting, we each took a market shot (changes every so often). It tasted like a shot of veggie and fruit juice with a bit of alcohol. Yum. We also tried their house wine (charged by the ounce) which was surprisingly delish.(Rant: I think it is common knowledge that when you are seated in a communal area within a restaurant, you simply cannot spend however long you want there since there are other people waiting. I guess it's common knowledge except to the two rude women that occupied two of the three seats we needed. They took an hour to finish desert and even after they paid, spent another half hour just chatting. They were finally asked to vacate their seats since we had been waiting forever for them to clear the table. And they saw us waiting for them the whole time too! Inconsiderate people suck!)As soon as we were seated, we ordered right away. We were waiting for more than 1.5 hours after all. We also asked for the complimentary bread since we were starving. The bread was soft and warm so it was a great starter.We started off with the Bacon Beignets - so good. They were soft little balls of bacon goodness. The beignets emitted a lot of bacon flavor that made me think there were bacon pieces in there. The creme freche that they serve the beignets with complement the bacon flavor very well since it's somewhat light.Next came the Persimmon Salad and the Crab Risotto. I liked the dressing on the salad but what I loved was the risotto. It's a very small portion but packs a whole lotta flavor - very rich in taste and texture. For our entrees, we got the Duck Breast and Five-Dot Steak. I wasn't too crazy about the steak though it was prepared very well. Don't get me wrong - the steak was still good. It's just that the Duck was excellent. The duck skin was not too fatty yet they were able to retain the tenderness and succulence that usually only Chinese places are able to achieve. The meat itself was cooked to a perfect medium that retained a light pink color. We also had a side of baby artichokes which I completely neglected what with all the other mouth-watering dishes in front of us. For a Michelin-rated place, the price is quite good. I can't wait til I come back, this time with resies.
Maybe it was a bad night? This place was good, but didn't meet expectations for what it was.
I loved my recent and first visit to Frances. This quaint neighborhood restaurant tucked away in the Mission/Castro is a great addition to the San Francisco culinary scene. The ambiance feels as if you're dining in someone's house. We were lucky enough to score a reservation for 4 for Saturday evening. If you don't have a ressie, you can always try for a seat at the bar that holds 10. I loved our jovial waiter who was attentive and had a great table side manner.We indulged in the house wine which is poured at $1/1 oz. The red wine was delicious and a great accompaniment to our meal. Our friends also got the market shot which was a little sweet for our liking but very flavorful.Food:Calamari Salad: I loved the combination of red peppers, fennel, and greens. A definite order!Bacon Beneigts: A little heavy for my liking with the creme fraiche sauce, but if you're a bacon lover, give it a try!Pumpkin Risotto: Light and great flavorsSteak: The steak was cooked very well (medium rare) and it came with potatoesDuck Breast: Cooked very well and served with squashWe ended our meal with coffee and we ordered two orders instead of one. Little did we know they were going to come out in big carafes. Order one next time for a party of four. And they also serve blue bottle.Overall, I loved the ambiance, food, and decor. I would definitely come here again but parking can be painful around the area!
4.5 on the dot. Rounding up. Thought it lived up to the hype. And there is a lot of hype. Really delicious - amazing variety. Nice spot. Good service. Love the free bubble water.We had:wine by the ounce (red better than white)bread (great, other than butter was too salty); they didn't charge usbeignets (a tad overrated, but good - aioli could be improved)chickpea fries (awesome texture - stat on the aioli)peach and cheese salad - really really yummy, ripe peaches over very fresh cheese WOWTrottolini pasta - so good - awesome texturesalmon - WOW - perfectly cooked and the stuff it sat on top of - WOW best polenta in lifesteak - a little tough, but the sauce was really nicebutter beans - almost didn't order them - would have been a major mistake. ORDER THESE.Lumberjack cake - warm, unique, substantial and delicate all at the same time
This place had very good food and great service (up until the end when they kind of forgot about us a little.We ordered the spinach mushroom soup which was very heavy and had more of a mushroom flavor than a spinach flavor to it. It was delicious and very filling.I ordered the Kale salad which had a nice tartness with dates and oranges in it. This was pretty good...didn't blow my mind though.My date said that his salmon was delicious and I thought my duck breast was delicious and cooked very well too. I enjoyed the duck juice on the bottom of the bowl.The bacon beignets were ok...not the best donuts I've had but pretty decent.The portions here were bigger than I expected from this type of place so I was happy about that (and much fuller than I normally am from eating at these types of places).Food was really really good but I guess it just didn't blow my mind. All in all i give this place 4 stars.
After making my reservation many weeks in advance, I had built up very high hopes for Frances. My friend who recommended it raved about it. Unfortunately, while the restaurant was good, neither the food nor the service wowed me. Our server was somewhat inattentive, not at all warm and even a bit aloof, but functional enough. I ordered:Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - I found the beingnet to be just slightly undercooked which made for a mushier texture than I would have expected. The flavor was good, but nothing mind-blowing. Predictable.Tagliatelle Pasta with Summer Squash and Blossoms, Meyer Lemon, Corn, Aleppo Chili - I could not finish this dish, and really, it kind of set my palate off for the rest of the meal. I'm a huge squash blossom fan, but the kitchen put so much salt in this dish that it was all I could taste. At a restaurant of this supposed caliber I would expect that they are tasting the food that goes out, and I have no idea how this could have been missed. It was simply unpleasant; so much so that I didn't even notice the squash blossoms.Corn Soup - We did not order this, but the chef sent it out gratis, and it ended up being the highlight of the meal. The corn flavor was bright and summery and in perfect balance with the cream. Delicious.Sonoma Duck Breast - This dish was also good but not great. I really appreciated the balance between the fatty duck and the slightly acidic jus. Very clean and tasty.We had a few wines, too. We started with their house white which was very well balanced and fruity. We then made the mistake of ordering the Abel Mendoza 'Cosecha' Tempranillo. I found this to be far more rustic than I would expect a Spanish Tempranillo. There was none of the lush berry roundness that is characteristic. Instead, it was highly astringent, oaky and one-dimensional. I'm surprised it's on their list. We changed courses after agreeing it was a dud and ended up happy with their Billhook Cab from Napa.
Underwhelmed by this place considering it took us almost 2 months to get a reservation during the hours of 6-8pm. I will say that it is a VERY small place - almost to the point of uncomfortable being so close to the next table.The staff is very friendly and warm for the most part. The menu offers 4 courses - portions are small, between the two of us we almost tried every dish...we were hungry and wanted to try as much as possible.The only dish that stuck out about the meal was the duck confit salad - WOW that was good stuff. I'd go back just for that dish.Everything else was good, but not OUT OF THIS WORLD, AMAZING. The duck entree was definitely nothing spectacular - neither was the steak. Bacon beignets - meh, I prefer brenda's beignets. Can barely even remember what else we had at this point. Lumberjack cake was good, but from the number of reviews I expected something more.Don't get me wrong, this was a great restaurant, but just for the hype/wait/price... not eager to go back anytime soon. :(
Simply phenomenal. I was treated to a wonderful birthday dinner at Frances, and didn't know what to expect. I wasn't really up on the restaurant's reputation, but the lovely lady who brought me knows well my taste for fine dining without all the pretentiousness, so Frances was the most amazing dinner I've had all year. We were greeted warmly and seated quickly when we arrived. Everything that came out of the kitchen was superb (wish I had written this sooner so I could remember what we ordered) and every part of the experience showed a level of care and attention that I very rarely see in restaurants any more. The limited size of the space make for a really intimate experience and although I didn't pay for dinner, it seemed like a good value for the quality of food and service.
I had made a booking one month in advance for an arbitrary Thursday after reading reviews that it typically takes months to get a reservation here. Definitely had high expectations for this place, given the hype on how cute the restaurant was, confirmed obviously by the ultra cool barn-house-red typefont on the website. We got there at 9 and it was packed. Seats at the bar were not an option at this point so, instead of breathing heavily down people's necks, J and I had our third meal (in life) sitting across the table from each other.First impression: Pretty cool wine menu. Uncharismatic service: patronizing in a non-patron-friendly kind of way. We decided to get 12 ounces of the white and red house wines (white was pretty drinkable and red wasn't) and also the Paul Hobbs malbec because it was cheap and good. Menu had a bunch of good wines by the glass.We ended up getting:Squid ink tagliatelle (4 stars - great flavor, pasta cooked really well but could have been more al dente)Chestnut soup (4.5 stars - really rich and buttery)Bavette steak (4 stars - solid, exactly what I expected)Duck breast (4 stars - solid, exactly what I expected)Overall, pretty good food, but nothing blew me out of the water. Probably better craft and technique than most restaurants I've been to in SF so far, but the food just needs a bit more character to justify its "waiting list" rights and the waiters just need to act a bit more like they want to be there.Wouldn't come back for the food, would to come by for drinks by the bar (but probably will be too packed).
Been here multiple times. Was really excited when they lost their star because I was confused in how they got it in the first place. Food is so-so. Had a raw duck breast here before. It's not hard tycoon a duck breast people. Been served ice cold risotto and Then the next one they gave us had a lot if crab shells in it.....great. The soup my friend got was COLD but he didn't say anything. For me personally, the chickpea fritter things were pretty unappetizing. My sister also didn't like them, so I was grateful that it wasn't just me. I had a co worker go here last night and she said the pasta there was "the worst and most boring thing I've ever put in my mouth". So after all that, and coming from my own Michelin star kitchen...my bad experiences far out weighed the good. All that happened in three separate visits. I'm not gonna give them another try.
Fantastic and professional. Visiting the city with friends we decided to walk and find a place to eat, with no reservation on a Saturday night the staff actually texted us when our table was ready. I had the duck which was cooked perfectly! Tender enough to cut easily but the lair of fat was crisp and full if flavor. If I am ever back in this city I will be calling ahead next time.
I had the best meal I've ever had at Frances. I'm vegan and they didn't have any trouble accommodating that and my dinner was well thought out and delicious. Frances is pretty much perfect.
Service 5/5Clams - soooo goooood 5/5Bacon beignets - try it, but wouldn't get it again 3.5/5Salmon avocado salad - 5/5 yummyGem salad - 4/5 it was awesome until I got to the cheese at the bottom. The cheese was blahAsparagus and onion dish thing - 3.5/5 it was ok. But every table got it so it's like famous and worth trying I guessLamm entree - not a fan 2.5/5 if u love lamb, get it. But its super lamby n heavy. The best part abt this dish is the mushroom and the green sauce underneath the lamb! Lumberjack cake - 5/5 it looks not very appetizing , but it's SO FREAKING GOOD! Strawberry lavender shot - 3/5 It was okTheir house wine was good. Dunno what it was though$170 / two people
The only thing better than living around the corner from Frances would be having enough money to eat there whenever you'd like.Frances is tiny. You almost certainly won't get a table if you're just dropping in, but the entire bar area is available for walk-ins. Try early or late, and in either case, if you have to wait, stand out of the way. Have a market shot to take the edge off.Everyone knows about the beignets, and they are delicious, but other regular menu items like panisse frites and grilled calamari are equally brilliant and a good way to begin. Frances is an incredible value. If you're willing to share, it's possible to order the majority of the menu, including house wine and dessert, for $75 per person. If you're not pigging out or drinking, you can do it for much less.Never forget to save enough room to share a dessert. The lumberjack cake is a classic: moist, with perfectly balanced textures and flavors.
Frances feeds fantastic food for even the most frugal of foodies. I know when I'm excited when I start using alliteration in my reviews.We were greeted by our server and given an option of seating. I chose seating against the wall and sat in the seat where the servers round the corner. Not ONCE was my chair bumped during our meal. AMAZINGLY conscientious staff. I was extremely grateful because I really didn't want to sit crammed next to some random couple on the bench style seating. Our server was jovial and poked fun in good humor throughout the meal. LOVED the concept of $1/oz of House Red or White. So fun to pour your own wine!Bathrooms: the wait can get a little long b/c there is only ONE.  *Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets-maple creme fraiche & chive, comes in a set of five, we inhaled these, so light and fluffy w/generous pieces of bacon and the dip was so savory, ever so slightly sweet, balancing out the beignet*Charred Spring Onion Dip-ricotta, sour cream and fennel seed lavash crackers, the fragrant lavash given was not enough to scoop up all the onion-y goodness, before we even had a chance to ask, we were offered Acme bread*Little Gem Salad-roasted beets, tarragon vinaigrette, kumquats & Cara Cara orange, gorgeous ingredients, but couldn't taste any of the vinaigrette*Northern Halibut-morels, english pea ragout, bacon, cippolini onion, silky piece of fish adorned beautifully*'Lumberjack' Cake-lady apple, medjool dates, humphry slocombe maple-walnut ice cream, the cake was laced with shredded coconut, unique and delicious, along w/ice cream and dates, a tad sweet for my palate*Honey Yogurt Semifreddo-chandler strawberries, wildflower honey citrus cake, my favorite dessert of the evening, the semifreddo was so light and airy, the cake had a fabulous crunchy texture on the outside and the subtly flavoredDinner for two gals just shy of $100. Superbly reasonable.
4.5 StarsI really loved the vibe of this place...especially the music they were playing (imagine a reggae-fied Love Shack by the B52s and The Way I Are by Timbaland). The service was really good. On my first visit, I learned that Frances is the name of the Executive Chef's grandmother, from whom she started to learn how to cook.And her grandmother taught her well. Everything we had was delicious. Unfortunately, they didn't have the Bacon Beignets but the Panisse Frites were crispy and creamy. The Caldo Verde had great flavor. We really enjoyed the Fuyu Persimmon Salad that was given to us on-the-house.The Bavette Steak was incredibly tender and the black truffle jus tasted like liquid gold. The Sonoma Duck Breast was perfectly cooked and not at all too salty.The Lumberjack Cake is a must have - oh so moist. Another must-have - the Chocolate Almond "Clatoufis". Who doesn't love a caramelized banana? And the Salted Caramel ice cream - to die for.We will definitely be repeat customers.
I love this restaurant! It has a warm, cozy corner bistro feel that's hard to find in SF, the kind of place you could spend hours gabbing away with your partner or a great friend - a perfect date spot. The staff are friendly and welcoming and service is swift without being rushed. It's upscale but also reasonably priced, and you can drink wine by the ounce ($1 per ounce).Recommendations: squid ink tagliatelle, kale salad (if you love kale like I do this is so delicious), Sonoma duck breast, vegetable 'cassoulet' (warning: this is HUGE), bacon beignets are very good but I wouldn't say amazing.4.5 stars.
About 2.5 stars, right down the middle. Why? I really wanted to give more stars, but it's just not worth the hype. I reserved ages in advance, the first day that I could, for my husband's birthday dinner. This is a Michelin rated restaurant, so I expected to be pretty impressed and for the wait to worth it.We were seated, offered flat or sparkling water, menus. Ordered a combination of bouchees, apps, entrees, and skipped dessert. Everything seemed to be ok, like just ok, not memorable, not amazing nor horrible. The baked clams were way too salty, could not eat them consecutively. It was a crowded evening, and the food took a while to come, to the point that hubby didn't want to order dessert just because of the wait. It was also extremely loud, so it's hard to wait and wait and not have an intimate or comfortable conversation. Seating is tight and you can pretty much rub elbows with anyone at the next table, not to mention eavesdrop on their entire conversation. They gave us a couple of mini chocolate cookies as a token birthday wish, but these cookies were hard and fairly flavorless. Portions are quite small in general. All in all, not worth the hype, there are better places with more interesting food that you can go to without planning a month or two ahead. Sorry Frances, I am on a budget and this budget does not have room for "a-ok" after "praise Jesus" expectations. Those who think this is the pinnacle of dining have not eaten enough real good food in their lives, and probably weigh fifty pounds less than I do.
Frances is a pretty good restaurant, went here twice, first time was a two years ago and most recently a couple weeks ago. Overall, it was a nice meal and food was generally very good and service was attentive. However, I'm honestly not so sure about their Michelin Star. Comparing them to other 1-Star places, it seems that it is underachieving their starWe ordered the baked clams on the shell which were to die for and a huge bargain. We also ordered the squid ink pasta, which was good, but there are far more superior squid ink pastas at other restaurants. My girlfriend ordered the duck as her entree and I had the steak bavette. Both dishes were excellent, the duck was better than mine I think, but mine was still very good. We also ordered dessert, but I had forgotten what we ordered. Like I said the food itself was very good and I have no complaints. But to be honest, a lot of the food they have here can be found at other restaurants at a similar quality and execution, which is why I'm a little baffled with their Michelin Star, I wasn't too blown away. But, the price point is definitely lower than at other similarly rated restaurants, so it may be something I can overlook.
This is my 1st update on a restaurant I've reviewed in the past. My experience last Saturday has compelled me to reaffirm my appreciation for this wonderful establishment and to encourage those daunted by the long wait to get a reservation that this place is worth the wait. Though this place may appear to be spendy, their ingredients & food preparation bears the fruit of where the money goes. And because there's so many options of portion sizes, we did not have to feel that we are overeating. But the best part, of course, is the FOOD!! The clams, at 3 per order for a bouche size was fairly generous. But because we were a party of 2 and were sharing everything, the waiter immediately suggested a 4th clam (for a little extra charge). Good thing he did because we may have to duke it out for the 3rd clam :-) The squid ink tagliatelle was also a big hit for us, with sauce that reminded me of, for lack of a better term, shrimp brain. And I mean that in the best way! We also had the spring greens, a subtle dish in preparation for our entree, the butter bean casoulet. Such a full flavored, hearty dish (with a hint of bacon). The wines by the ounce (white tasted better than the red) was also an endearing feature of this restaurant that is so confident in its place in the SF gourmet food world, the owner does not have to offer only wine with certain pedigree.Yes, I will come back in a heartbeat, but am willing to make a reservation and wait another 2 months next time!
Hearty, fresh, and quality food in a warm, and down to earth atmosphere. We had the bacon beignets, crab tagliatelle, steak, and winter casserole. I liked all the dishes except the bacon beignets that many had positively reviewed - I didn't really taste much bacon flavor, and it was not deep fried well - hard texture and quite oily.However, the rest of the dishes were really good. The tagliatelle was a simple yet flavorful dish. The steak was tender and perfectly seasoned. The winter casserole was so comforting with an array of wonderful winter vegetables and buttery biscuits.We also enjoyed the house red by the ounce - a great deal for a lovely wine!
As the more critical Yelpers say, it isn't all that. Which is precisely the point. Frances is a fairly casual, comfortable neighborhood restaurant with delicious food that happens to have a chef of great pedigree and determination (Melissa was at the Help of Fifth Floor, Charles Nob Hill, etc), and a 2-month waiting list for reservations. What makes Frances special is that it's just right for what it is. It's the kind of place you could return once a week and make it your home base, if only it weren't so incredibly popular. This has not gotten to anyone's heads, as they have kept things uncomplicated (no valet, no cheese cart, talking to waiters feels like talking to your friends) and kept prices in line with any other small fine dining neighborhood restaurant in town - say, low twenties for entree.
Visited this place during a visit to San Francisco and it absolutely blew our mind. Mind you, we had been having delicious food all throughout our bay-area trip, but this place stood out. We had the bacon beignets, grilled beats, chilled corn soup, kale salad, the halibut, the duck breast, Ricotta Gnocchi, Baked Fully Belly Eggplant and their signature 'Lumberjack' cake. The only dish that didn't absolutely blow us away were the gnocchi and I think that's only because everything else was so amazing, that even though the gnocchi were perfectly cooked, fluffy and airy, the flavor just didn't stand up to the other wonderful dishes. The dishes that stood out were the corn soup, the duck breast, and the lumberjack cake, all of which were not only perfectly cooked but also completely original and bursting with flavor. We cannot wait to have the opportunity to return to Frances!
i was excited when i scored a reservation here at least a month in advance and Frances exceeded my expectations. A very small, casual restaurant the focus is on the quality of the food. Loved everything that i tried except for maybe the Lumberjack cake which was a little too dense. Market shot (mandarin juice with some kind of alcohol can't recall exactly what but it was so yummy i could of had a tumbler full)Applewood Bacon Beignets w chive creme fraiche: um, yeah can't go wrong with thatSquid Ink Linguine: i wish i didn't have to share this oneKale Salad: I'm warming up to kale but i have to admit i LOVED this salad! would make me a convertSonoma Duck Breast: one of the most perfectly cooked piece of duck I've ever had! the skin was perfectly crispy and the meat was so tender and moist and well seasoned!!! what more could a girl want...i was in heavenLiver Mousse:  ahhhmaze-balls...sniffles/sad face ...till we meet again, Frances
Laura L. treated me to my bday dinner here at Frances...and I've been wanting to try out their food for about 2 years now. We arrived there knowing we're just walk in's and we're going to be eating on the counter. The place was packed and the wait staff graciously found some chairs for us to sit as we waited for an opening. We ordered the Baked Cherrystone Clams (Fennel, Wild Mushroom, Bacon, Lacinato Kale)... and this was so worth the yummy wait. I would do this appetizer again for sure. Then we ordered the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets with Maple Chive Crme Frache dipping sauce. I know everyone raves about this dish...it's portioned well with 5 balls in total *no puns about pork and balls, please*...but it's not something I'd order again. I like the salty hit of the bacon pieces, and they're real bacon, not baco bits. But I'm not into savory beignets...I like mine sweet! The ratio of the dough isn't bad..and if it weren't the dipping sauce, it would be too salty. Laura L. ordered the Poached Local Halibut -with Green Garlic Fumet, Asparagus, Potatoes, Salsify....It was rich and the halibut was flaky and moist from the small sample I tasted. I got the Vegetable 'Cassoulet' (Beans & Winter Greens, Pt. Reyes Mozzarella, Smokey Pangrattato)...OMG...it was so awesome the first 10 bites I ate...the beans were huge! We couldn't figure out what type of beans they were..cause they were so big. I loved the mozzarella, and the crunchy texture of crumbs made the dish stand out....and then the savory salt of the smokey cheeses hit me bad...I got through 3/4 of the dish before I bowed out and said, I'm full. Laura L. graciously ate the rest cause she was still hungry..haha...And lastly, for dessert, we ordered the 'Lumberjack' Cake (Lady Apple, Kumquat, Medjool Date, Maple Ice Cream)....OH..it was sooooo goooood! I love the fruit variety strewn through the dish. And the maple ice cream was so creamy and at the perfect temperature...you know they did right by it when there's no freezer burn at all. (Trust me, I've had ice cream where it's like digging through an iceberg). The cake was moist, and if you mix the dates up with the ice cream, it cuts through the sweetness.Service was brisk and attentive, parking was good and free...a good evening was had by all
Great, cozy restaurant that I've wanted to try for a very long time. Reservations are needed months in advance - and I believe Frances is worth the wait! We got the bacon beignets, a crab tagliatelle, a casserole entree, a steak entree, and a dark chocolate torte. All dishes were super delicious and well spaced apart from one another. I am a big fan of their wine/water glasses, plates, and their drink-by-the-ounce option. I'd describe the vibe of the restaurant as inviting, warm, and comfortable.Would highly recommend! Quite the memorable meal.
Located in the Castro district of San Francisco, a new Michelin Star restaurant has emerged under the leadership of Chef Perello, a rising chef in the bay area. Unlike many Michelin Star restaurants, Frances is warm, cozy and not the least bit pretentious. So cozy that you could easily eavesdrop on your neighbor's dinner conversation and peep at their entrees; not that I was peeping. For drinks we decided on the house red wine which they charged $1 per oz. I found the wine to be rather boring and lacking in body. The smoothness factor was also missing while the tannin level was too high for my taste. Contrary to my displeasure in the wine, I drank the whole glass and even poured more from the flask to get my daily dose of antioxidants.For our bouchees, we shared the applewood smoked bacon beignets and panisse frites. The beignets paired so well with the maple creme fraiche and chive sauce that I couldn't help but triple dip. The panisse frites were made up of chickpeas and dipped in a wonderful Calabrese chili aioli. I would recommend getting one or the other because they fill you up quick and you should never skimp on dessert. Never.I lucked out because my caramelized Atlantic scallop entree came with 4 scallops instead of the usual 3. The scallop lover inside me was enthused yet conflicted because I thought a Michelin star restaurant such as Frances would be more consistent. But oh well, it was a damn good scallop! Eyes closed and mouth open wide, I savored the slightly charred scallop and its sweet, tender flesh. Our second stomach was determined to get the lumberjack cake which has received a lot of attention on yelp and even made it onto the 7x7 Big Eat SF list. Checked another one off the list! I would categorize this cake as comfort food hence the name because it was nothing lavish and fairly dense consisting of fruits and nuts. Served with a scoop of Humphry Slocombe's maple walnut ice cream, the lumberjack cake though not aesthetically pleasing; exhibited a beauty of its own. To top off our meal, we each got our own copy of the menu signed by Chef Perello as requested by my boyfriend.Chef Perello's devotion to local ingredients limiting the distance from the farm to our table, and her expertise of creating original recipes illustrates her commitment to high quality cuisine.4.5 stars
This place is cute and the food is great. I wasn't disappointed by the food, but nothing necessarily blew me away either. The servers were also very nice. Prices were comparable and the food is all well done. French food is always great =) Food I liked:-King salmon: those roasted tomatoes are the most flavorful tomatoes I've ever had! The salmon was great with an accent of cream sauce and some buttery vegetables.-Lumberjack cake: yum! This was better than expected because I'm not a fan of dates, but it was actually really good! And the ice cream was a nice compliment.
This place serves up really tasty food and innovative cocktails. It's one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco so far. I was lucky to snag a reservation for 2 at 7pm on a Tuesday night. Yes, Tuesday night... It's really hard to get a reservation here because the place is fairly small. However, a friend of mine told me that they offer unreserved seats at the bar, so I am hoping to make my next dining experience there at the bar.
I went here for my Birthday dinner this year with dear ol' mum. I wanted somewhere nice but not suffy, and I can say that I could not have picked a better place that better met my two criteria. I expected the food to be excellent (as it was), but what really blew me away was the quality service and attention paid to us. Even though the place was busy, the waiter was friendly, explained the menu in detail, and checked in. He treated dear ol' mum like she was royalty, which is a sure-fire way to make me happy and keep me coming back.Upsides: Food, service, and value for the quality of food.
I now know why it takes two months to get in. The best meal I've ever had in my life. The ambience, service, drinks, and food are all topnotch!The calamari salad, the duck, the house wine, and the house shots were all amazing.  The dessert we tried was also to die for, Something very creamy with chocolate. This place is the best and worth the wait. I can't wait to go back on Valentine's Day.
Frances really lived up to the hype for me. We had a nice sampling:House red wineBacon beignets w/chive creme fraicheBeet saladDuck breastSnapperLumberjack cakeChocolate walnut cakeEverything was cooked to perfection, delicious, and the service was perfect. I love their "pay by the ounce" house wine also. I wish more places offered something like that.I can't wait to splurge here again.
So actually 3.5 stars for me.I like the whole idea of Frances. It's located in the Castro, one of my favorite microcosms of San Francisco. Frances is the type of restaurant that is reshaping the meaning of haute cuisine on the West Coast. Gone are the days of white linen table cloths, suited waiters, and opulent settings, in place are light features, a wooded bar, and a staff that showcases the surroundings of a neighborhood with such unique diversity and personality that any other style of restaurant in this location would surely fail. I think the owners of Frances are on the right track. They must be. It is nearly impossible to book a reservation, which makes sense considering there are only seven or eight tables in the restaurant. The only way to get in is to walk-in and sit at the bar, which is what my partner and I did. The menu is unassumingly simple with small bites, appetizers, and entrees and a very approachable wine list that features a proprietary blend sold by the ounce. In terms of substance, however, Frances just is not quite there, yet. I still consider Frances a young restaurant, garnering a Michelin star for the second time this last year. The service has no issues from what I saw. They are attentive, charming and unobtrusive, they are not afraid to make suggestions and take the time to make you feel comfortable.The food was good, sometimes excellent. The baked clams were just ok, flavorful and well balanced, however the underlying elements of corn, bacon and kale really masked the natural flavor of the clams. I would have personally preferred if the clams were left whole rather done in a brunoise just so I could enjoy the texture of the clams alongside of the accoutrement's. The bacon beignets are perfect. They are so good that I had a second order. I even convinced the people next to me to order them as well. I could eat twelve of them right now and its 2am. (Damn...now I am hungry...)The calamari "salad" was a miss for me, completely. It had no structure or elevated finesse, it came in a small bowl, and It was missing something, perhaps a crisped element that could have given some textural contrast to the calamari (the Garbanzo was there for texture but I still needed more crunch).  It had wonderful acidity but all in all was just not remarkable. The pasta and little gem salad were really quite good, another highlight. They both had great balance and vibrancy of flavor. The ingredients were fresh and vivacious, and were a great precursor to the entrees. Entrees, I believe are the hardest to execute, normally they are larger portions which makes them more susceptible to error. The Bavette Steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare, however I would have liked a char on the steak for some texture, but the accompaniments were stellar. I love the cannelini beans, they were cooked skillfully and the green sauce (no idea what it was) paired beautifully. The dish was simple, rustic, and well executed. The halibut unfortunately was overcooked and dry. Fish is hard to do, I realize, but it has to be done exceptionally, especially in a Michelin starred house. The flavor was fine, but I could not get past the dryness.  The summer gratin was amazing. I could have quintupled the portion. Again, sticking along the lines of rusticity and simplicity is a winning concept. I appreciate this style way more than that of the tweezer placement of salad greens on a deconstructed mess of a plate that you find at most restaurants. I digress however, because the fried green tomatoes were not good at all. There was no crust, the tomatoes were just cut in half and were really not reminiscent of a Michelin star dish at all.So as you can see, there are great moments and not so great moments. The consistency is not there yet, but I believe with some more refinement that Frances can be one of the more dynamic and enjoyable restaurants in the Bay Area. I will probably come back during the Winter season to see what they can do with root vegetables and of course to have an order or two more of the bacon beignets.
Loved it! The food was just amazing. Shared a few starters and a salad. Those bacon beignets are so tasty. For entrees tried the salmon and the steak, both were complex and delicious. Just wish the place was a bit larger so you didn't have to sit so close to other tables...oh well, i'll return for the FOOD!
I was expecting a lot from Frances, and unfortunately, she didn't deliver. Firstly, it's hard to get a reservation -- I got one, but it was for later in the night than I usually eat so we came a bit early and opted to eat at the bar type thing (think breakfast bar not drinking bar), which was pretty cramped.For appetizers, we ordered the bacon beignets which were little savory donuts with a maple chive dipping sauce. These, I admit, were good and tasted like hush puppies. We also ordered the roasted fennel & white bean soup, which was also good and had a bit of crunchiness to it (not quite sure from what), but was a bit salty.. near the end, I could only have so much of it. We ended appetizers on the crab salad , which was ok, but definitely nothing worth noting.For entrees, we tried the bavette steak and the caramelized scallops. Not bad, but again, both the entrees were overly salty, and ultimately the saltiness made it unappetizing.We decided to try a dessert and ended up trying the chocolate clafoutis, which was fine (I was too full to notice too much about it though). At the end, our waiter said we should come back to try the lumberjack cake because it was on the 7x7's Big Eat list.. I wish he had told us that beforehand!!Altogether, Frances wasn't horrible, but especially for the price and the hype, I expected more.
I wish it was easier to get a reservation, but that's just how it is when you want to eat at a fantastic and intimate restaurant. 9:45 pm on a Tuesday night. My sweet friend Jenny took me out for my birthday dinner and It was as delightful as I expected. House red kind of tasted like Christmas, the bacon beignets were savory with a perfect amount of crunch, my Sonoma roast duck was crisp with clean flavors and was just an overall warm and comforting dish. Oh! And the salted caramel ice cream is just out of this world - not overly sweet or too caramely. I also appreciate that they have Acme bread - my fav!
Winner, Winner Frances Dinner!!!That's pretty much what I was thinking when I managed to get a last minute reservation. I've heard people have waited for months to eat at this dining hot spot, so I definitely considered myself fortunate to have nabbed a reservation a week before! We arrived Thursday night at 9:00 PM for dinner on New Year's Eve, Eve. We were kindly greeted by a girl that checked our reservations. When she found out our reservations weren't til 9:30, she invited us to wait and look over the drink menu, but we opted to come back since the space was "standing room only" and the restaurant was very small. We went and grabbed a drink down the street and returned at 9:30 sharp. Contrary to all the horror stories we heard about the long tedious waits, we were immediately seated, which was a pleasant surprise. As others have mentioned, the seating here was TIGHT, but honestly, I didn't mind it much because the atmosphere was very cozy and I was still slightly buzzed from the drink i had earlier :)Our server was polite but a bit distant. With that said, her support staff were very pleasant and friendly! The menu was quite small, and after looking over the selections, we knew exactly what we wanted.Here's what we had...The house wine (red and white) by the ounce. This was a great value at $1 an ounce and the wine was delicious! I think I drank the entire carafe!Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - You can't come here and not order these! They were absolutely delicious and the maple creme fraiche with chives was cool, refreshing and very addictive!Dungeness Crab Salad - The crab was well hidden in the tarragon vinaigrette dressing, but the flavors were on point! In fact, the crab tasted very fresh, while the dressing was bright and citrusy. A great light dish to start!Celery Root & Pacific Oyster Chowder - I must agree with other reviewers in that i really could not detect the taste of oysters. However, i really enjoyed this dish. It was aromatic, velvety smooth and totally satisfying!Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak - This dish was beautifully plated and served with a perfect medium rare center. It was tender and mouthwatering delicious!Liberty Duck Leg - One of My favorite dishes of the evening! The duck was cooked perfectly. The meat was fragrant, tender and very moist. The Italian butter beans were creamy, smooth and very satisfying. The braised chicories and Sicilian olives added a nice amount of bite and saltiness to the dish to balance out all the mild flavors nicely.The pleasant surprise of the evening was when a nice couple arrived at 10:00pm and sat right next to us. When I found out the girlfriend, Kim C was a fellow Yelper, I was ecstatic! We immediately started shared dining experiences and recommendations...it was awesome! Funny thing was, we ended up sharing our meals and I got the amazing opportunity to try all the other items on the menu, like the cod, the roasted brussel sprouts, golden polenta, which were ALL good! For dessert, we shared the Lumberjack cake with a maple walnut ice cream from Humphrey Slocombe. The cake was quite earthy and paired well with the ice cream.Overall, the food here was great. It was warm and comforting without any kind of pretension, but in all honesty, what made the evening extra special was making new friends! They really made my experience enjoyable and that's something I will never forget! Happiest Eats!
4 1/2 stars. I really love Frances. Food was super delish. They change their menu every week. Place is pretty small.Backed oysters-That was yummyBeet salad-very freshThe Bacon Beignets-Yum, and very fillingDuck-To die for. Best duck I ever had. Beats Gary Danko's duck.Chickpea fries-Drooling.Crab Risotto-They give a lot of crab. Not sure bout the black rice, but it worked well together. Would come back for sure. YUM, YUM, YUM!
Picture this: a restaurant the size of a shoebox, crammed full of adult-sized people (aka "adults"), add tables and chairs, throw in thirty people more than capacity allows, place it in the best area (Castro) of one of the best cities in the world (San Francisco), and slap it with a Michelin star. Wha-la! Frances is born.It's no secret that San Francisco is a walking town. It's a fact; for every mile a car drives in San Francisco, a hippie cries. So after walking what felt like a million miles my friend and I were ready to eat our left hands. We walked down a dark, horror movie-like street that is 17th Street until we finally saw the only sign of life; the lights shining through the window at Frances. Hallelujah!When we walked inside and out of the frigid cold, we were greeted immediately by someone's back. Well, actually it was lots of backs. Like seven or eight backsides blocking us from stuffing our faces with food. What the? After finally inflicting enough bruises to the people, they let us pass and we made it all the way inside (about three steps). I told the maitre d' my name and asked how long the wait would be. He said for two people it would take at least an hour. Ugh! Okay so this is the part where Frances falls short. We couldn't simply put our names on a list and roam around Castro for an hour. Oh no, that would be too convenient. He said we weren't allowed to leave if we wanted to wait for a table. This meant we had to stand awkwardly by the door for an hour. As if that weren't enough, we were practically being suffocated by the other people waiting for tables, as well as the servers constantly squeezing past us to attend to their tables. To make a very long, very boring, and very uncomfortable story short, we finally got seated after an hour and fifteen minutes.We were lucky enough to grab a table toward the back of the restaurant and we didn't get stuck in a... well... jokingly tight counter seat. Seriously, wait until you see for yourself just how tight these chairs are. Anyway, we were handed our menus and a small cup of warm, salted almonds were placed in front of us. Almonds are almonds, there's no need for a review on those things. But they were good. The menu here is small. Very small. Four entrees, eight or so appetizers, and four desserts is all you get to choose from. However the Michelin star speaks for itself. My friend ordered the Five Dot Ranch bavette steak (with toasted farro ragout, maitakes, and fava greens). I'm not a steak eater, but I had to try a nibble because the presentation was so beautiful. It was juicy, flavorful, tender and whatever else. Talk to a steak guy if you want a professional opinion on the steak. I went with the carnaroli risotto (with fontina val d'aosta, red Russian kale, and wild mushrooms). The sauce was probably the creamiest, heaviest, tastiest sauce I've ever tasted on a risotto dish. The portion was small but the thick, amazing sauce made it very filling.After the ridiculously long wait, we hadn't nearly gotten enough out of Frances yet. So to feel more complete we wanted dessert! We ordered the chocolate and chestnut bread pudding (with hot chocolate and cream) and the chicory root panna cotta (with satsuma Mandarin, espresso gelee, and chocolate sea salt cookies). The bread pudding was okay. The extremely rich chocolate baked into the skillet surprisingly didn't have too much flavor. Weird, eh? But the hot chocolate helped the dish to explode. It was served in a small cup alongside the skillet. Our server instructed us to pour it over the pudding, but not all at once. We used our genius prehistoric intellect and decided to dunk each bite rather than pouring it on top. The panna cotta was amazing though. It was practically like espresso pudding that had been put in the freezer for thirty minutes (the consistency was almost right between gelato and pudding) with small orange slices laid on top. I'm seriously drooling even thinking about it. Especially when added to the sea salt cookies it was perfect. My best friend and date only weighs about six pounds so she couldn't finish the desserts (we were sharing both). Lucky me! I quickly jumped at the opportunity to finish both desserts and scarfed them down in record speed. Charming huh? Thanks.Once we were all done we had spent three and a half hours inside the doors of Frances. The funny part is they're only open for five hours a night. When going to Frances, make reservations far in advance (I tried two days beforehand and they were all taken, hence the long wait). If you aren't lucky enough to score a ressie be sure to bring a lawn chair to plop outside. Your feet, spine, and legs will thank you!
Sad but true...We were so excited to go here and experience all the glory of what we heard about Frances. Maybe we had too high expectations but overall the food was average. It wasn't knock your socks off good.. but it was ok. Starters: We started with the a juice shot which was the best thing we had all night. - Tangello I believe? The apps were ok as well. We had the tikka masala, bacon beignets, and the clams. Overall the clams had the most flavorSeconds: We ordered the crab risotto with meyer lemon for a second plate. Overall this dish was my favorite aside from feeling the risotto was under cooked. To me (and I could be wrong!) but a risotto should be more soft. Our rice seemed a little had and I wish it was cooked about 10 mins longer. Entree: we had the steak with a side of gnocchi. The steak was good and cooked to a great medium rare - but could have had more flavor. The gnocchi was the most disappointing. I am a big fan of gnocchi and was really looking forward to this side - it came off as dry and and again without much flavor. Gnocchi is such a wonderful pasta that can be infused with such great flavor - theirs came off as bland and extra starchy. (tear!) I was really sad that Frances didn't hold up to how much we were looking forward to it. I did love the fact that they had $1 an house house wine - but even that ran out halfway through dinner. As a previous bartender and server I wished our server would have apologized with an offer of a glass of another wine on the house when they announced they ran out. With paying over $100 for a dinner for two - would have been a nice gesture...Overall I WISH i loved it... but only in my eyes does it deserve 3 stars.
How lucky am I that one of my favorite restaurantes is right around the block from my house??!! With that being said it is not hard to spend $$$ on a weekday by indulging my cravings for their great menu. Not cheap, but delicious!!!! They wine by the ounce just rocks my world!!!!!!!Love love love them!!!!!Only sad thing is that they took out my favorite desert off the menu - RIP clafoutis !!!!
Not sure where to start with this review. I loooove this place. The food is consistently top-notch, the house wine by the ounce always easy to drink and the service warm and friendly. It's the perfect neighborhood restaurant that's cozy and personal and they don't let things like a Michelin star go to their heads.I try to come here every chance I get. I'll stand outside and wait for bar seating, troll open table for resos, whatever it takes. I live too close to stay away. They might need a restraining order soon. Lol.
It's rare that I give any place 5 stars, it takes meeting my expectations, superior performance at all levels, from the kitchen and service to front of house, timing and overall ambiance. Frances fulfilled all my expectations and the brilliance coming from the kitchen is amazing. The menu is not fussy or overly complex, it simply reflects the shortest distance between farm and table. The chicken liver mousse is a must as are the bacon beignets. During my last meal here I had the halibut with morel mushroom and English pea ragout with bacon and cipollini onion and the flavors complimented one another so well I was amazed. We also had the grilled asparagus and warm potato salad and they added toasted farro to it and gave it a completely different texture and added depth of flavor without overpowering the asparagus, very impressed with this dish. The wine list is great, some amazing small production bottles listed, the house Rose is a must. Yes its hard to get in, with such a small space and a huge following it does make dinning here difficult, but its worth the wait and if you don't mind late night dining then your odds of scoring a table improve big time. Cheers and Enjoy!
ERMAHGERRRD.Frances has been one of those "must go" places in my bookmarks for years now, and I finally got the chance to go. Luckily, despite how overhyped it had become in my brain, it still managed to meet and often surpass my lofty expectations.Of course, my friends and I immediately zeroed in on the bacon beignets, but I'd have to say it was my least favorite part of the meal. They weren't terrible by any means, but despite my unholy love of bacon and all things porky, it just wasn't as knock my socks off delicious as I wanted it to be. The smokiness was nice, but the beignets themselves were a bit too salty for my blood, even when dipped in the luscious maple chive sauce.But after that - pure perfection.We started with three appetizers after the beignets. We ordered the bacon salad, which was pretty freakin' awesome. Here, the bacon didn't dominate, but enhanced the plate. The butter lettuce and heirloom tomatoes were totally fresh and delicious.The roasted soup was also fantastic. I'm glad we scored a table during peak heirloom season, as all three dishes that featured the fruit were amazing. The soup, though, was probably the best. Smoky, but still tomatoey and delicious.The pasta was a spugnole, which was awesome because the little crevasses caught all the tasty heirloom tomato sauce. Every bit popped with sauce...it was like eating a savory gusher, but even better.For the main, all three of us were unadventurous and ordered three bavette steaks. Seriously, though, I'm still glad I did. A perfectly cooked mound of beef resting on butter beans and pesto...win.The kitchen forgot out fried green tomato side, so the restaurant courteously made it up to us with a free dessert to go along with the other one we ordered. Of the two, the one we didn't order (the lumberjack cake) far surpassed the one we did (tarte tartin), so I'm glad the restaurant helped us out on that one.I'd come back to Frances anytime - great service, even with that hiccup, and truly dynamite food.
Took my boyfriend here for his birthday.Loved the decor. Cozy, perhaps on the louder side for a pricier restaurant, but very understated, relaxed, and unpretentious. Seats are lined up mostly on one side, much like The House. Seats are pretty close to each other, but most people seem pretty friendly and people will politely give you space if you're trying to squeeze out from behind the table. Service was alright. Our server did his job, but he didn't seem particularly nice or didn't really go out of his way to make the experience really, really memorable. I'm not sure how to explain it, but I almost felt like we were somewhat overlooked because of our age. Kind of bugged me, but he did everything he was supposed to. Just didn't seem very warm to me.Now the food.A lot of people seem to be disappointed in this place, and I think that if you're trying to be super hip/trendy/out there with the food, it's not going to happen here. This is a very traditional place (not in the stuffy sense, but in the RUSTIC sense).The food is simple...But extremely well executed. My boyfriend got the five-dot steak and I got the duck breast. The steak was beautiful, so moist at medium rare, so tender, and wonderfully paired with a sauce that they poured over. My duck was also succulent and wonderfully cooked, but not toooo different from asian duck I've had. Maybe it's cause I'm asian, I've just had so much good duck.But the main surprise was the dessert: THE TARTE TATIN. I beg you, try this. It's basically a delicious apple tarte thing with a side of (actually strong) rum ice cream with raisins and candied walnuts. Scrumptious.So all in all, if you like good, simple, rustic food with a relaxed atmosphere, this is a good place. If you're looking for a pinky-raising place and trendy food, this isn't.
I am in LOVE.Quicktip: MAKE RESERVATIONS IN ADVANCE.This place.... THIS place... is a hidden gem in the Castro district. Tucked away in between homes, it's a bit easy to miss so drive slowly if you're looking for it!This place is PERFECT to impress a date or friends and the price is just so affordable for the quality of food you'll be stuffing into your face. You will walk out with one of the best culinary experiences of your life.I've eaten here twice now and it always keeps me wanting to come back for more. And makes me want to try something new. I love restaurants than make you want to come back and try something new every time. That's how you know they know what they are doing.The service is top-notch. My wine glass was never empty.-------First visit:One of the first things I noticed when I walked in was that EVERY plate a server was clearing off the tables were CLEAN. Every morsel was devoured. The dishwasher must have an easy job at Frances; the customers do most of the cleaning!* Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Creme Fraiche & Chive: What they are KNOWN for. These little suckers pack a pretty bold bacon taste for being a type of pastry. Sweet, but smoky. Everyone loves bacon.* Dungeness Crab Salad - Little Gems, Terragon Vinaigrette, Satsuma Mandarins: Refreshing and the dressing didn't overpower the fresh taste of the crab. The mandarin oranges added a burst of citrus that went so well with the dish.* California Black Cod - Roasted Winter Squash, Creamed Leeks, Chanterelles: Oh dear lord... The best black cod I've had so far. It was moist and melted in my mouth. For my first time having leeks in any form, I must say... It was really tasty.* Lumberjack Cake - Sierra Beauty Apple, Medjool Dates, Maple-Walnut Ice Cream: Always for a first time visit to any restaurant, I ask the server for the most popular dessert dish. Turns out that this was it. The Lumberjack. Sounds manly, but the dish itself was loaded with apple flavor. *sigh* tasted like a fancied-up apple pie... and it was DELISH.-------Second visit: Valentine's DayPre-fixe menu of 4 courses for $55/person* Caviar served in a Poached Hen Egg: This was NOT part of the pre-fixe, but it was a special for that night. I've never tried caviar before, so I was kind of excited. The presentation was beautiful. The caviar was not as salty as I thought it would be and it paired nicely with the ooey-gooey poached hen egg in the bottom of the eggshell.* Avocado & Maine Lobster Salad: Just the right size with fresh lobster. The shaved fennel made it even more refreshing as I bit into it. The meyer lemon added a tiny bit of citrus that always goes well with lobster.* Black Bass, Roasted Spring Onion & Canaroli Risotto, Cipollino Onion Soubise: Again... The fish was cooked perfectly. Flaky, but so moist. The risotto was the best risotto I have every had........ Sigh.* Bavette Steak "Bourguignon", Butter Ball Potato Ragout, Hedgehog Mushrooms, Bacon Lardon, Bloomsdale Spinach, Red Wine Jus: Cooke medium rare (like a steak should be prepared lol). I actually think this is on their regular dinner menu. So tender and you can taste the natural flavor of the meat through the sauce.* Ricotta Crespelle, Honey & Wheat Flour Crepe, Winter Citrus Compote: Don't be fooled at these 2 pieces... They're quite filling VERY tasty. The ricotta was so smooth, but chunky. The crepe was perfectly cook. It wasn't overcooked and crispy, but it was soft all around. The citrus compote added a nice touch of sweetness.Ended Valentine's Day dinner with 2 hear-shaped cookies. How cute ;)
A wonderfully delightful experience. We had an awesome side table, so no space issues whatsoever. I can definitely see where that would happen with the long row of tables though.Honestly, I was nervous after the first dish - the infamous bacon beignets. It's not that they were bad per se; they just lacked a certain oomph that I had come to expect during my month-long wait and the stellar reviews I read here. Definitely on the oily side as well. Maybe if you have a party of 4+, but for two people this was like a grease bomb pouring directly into your arteries.Little Gem Salad with tarragon vinaigrette, fennel, kumquat, mandarin, avocado: fan-freakin-tastic. Super crisp flavors and textures. A well-needed cleanse after the beignets. The fennel really brought it all together.Both of the main entres were delightful.Caramelized atlantic scallops with sunchoke pure, roasted fennel, and nioise olives. Mmmmmm. I'm still drooling over this dish. The sunchoke pure makes for creamy goodness; although the scallops are so crazy tender they go down like butter themselves.Halibut with chorizo and butter beans. Almost as equally yums. The crispiness of the chorizo provides an interesting complexity with the delicate halibut, and the butter beans bring it all together.I'm a big fan of the by-the-liter house wine. Although I wonder how many people don't actually finish the amount the give you. The white went very well with all of the dishes we ordered, but it was tad on the sweet side for my tastes.Dessert: Lumberjack Cake and Blue bottle French press coffee. I rarely get dessert because I stuff my face too full during dinner, but after the rave reviews (and the all-too-real possibility of having to wait another 2 months before another reservation opened up), this was urgent. Sooooo tasty. The dates and apple make it sweet without being sugary, especially when paired with a cup of delicious black coffee. A perfect end to a(n almost) perfect meal.
****************** REVIEW 313 ****************** 4.5 Stars      Chef Melissa Perello with so much success and recognition under her belt from rising star chef by Food & Wine, to James Beard & what not. From under chef Ron Seigel (now the Dining Room chef) and got Fifth Floor a Michelin, got to try her food when she was at Fifth Floor, I know how talented and capable she is. Now she earned her own 2010 Michelin Star for only opened Frances less than a year, impressive. Congrats to Frances team.       The place is quite small, tables are so closed to each others almost feel as communal tables to me. I sat at the bar & I can smell the guy Cologne next to me. It's that tiny space! I couldn't sit straight to eat until the guy next to me left! About 4 seats at the bar, & another 4 seats facing the wall, & 2 seats facing the window.       Menu changes daily, very small but freshly made, they serve the shortest distance between farms to ables, all local, sustainable, and organic products whenever possible. Definitely a California thing!     Menu offers 4 bouches, 4 appetizers, 4 entres, 2 sides, & 5 desserts dishes only.      The Wine list is simple, short but new world wines & not all local wines! Although amazing dessert wines from d'Oliveira Bual Madeira 1968, d'Oliveira Malvasia Madeira 1987, d'Oliveira Verdelho Madeira 1973, sweet indeed for this casual spot!FOOD:- Almonds as amuse bouche.- Applewood smoked bacon beignets with Crme Frache & chive - this came with 5 beignets, really crispy outside & super soft &inside, dipping with the crme frache, great snack.- Grilled calamari gypsy peppers, preserved lemon, Sicilian olive - this was really nice, refreshing dish.- Roasted celery soup, chicken confit, sauted baby turnips & sunchokes - rich and creamy, full flavor.- Baked Iacopi butter beans, braised pork trotter & pangrattato - love the aroma of it, excellent side dish.- California black cod, roasted polentta, mustard greens, escarole & crispy shallots - nice & moist cod.WINES:- 2006 Domaine Joseph Roty Marsannay (France, Burgundy, Cte de Nuits, Marsannay) $16 per glass- really nice, smooth& light.- 2008 Domaine Anne Gros Bourgogne Hautes Ctes de Nuits $14 per glass, nice & fruity.            Service by Graham bartender, he was super nice & helpful in pairing the wines. The food was on point, excellent overall. Frances is a great neighborhood casual spot, but the tiny space makes me uncomfortable. Hard to enjoy good food when I had to keep holding my arms tight to my body, so I won't hit the person next to me! RSVP: 2 months in advance if you want din din at 7-9:30 PM slots, but if you come in at 5PM, chances are you will get a spot at the bar, or even tables! P.S. Only 1 unisex wash room!Overall: 4.5 starsFor value: 5 starsFor Food: 5 starsFor Service: 5 starsFor ambiance: 4 starsLocation: no valet, no parking in this part of town, Castro!
When I walked in I thought there was a party of 30. But then I realized that the tables are just THAT close. New york style, I don't know if I like it. I can't manage to plan ahead of time so just walked in right when it opened to sit at the bar. Unless you get the corners where you'll be rubbing elbows with your neighbors, it's pretty good bar seats. Here were my thoughts on what I had:The Beignets were COMPLETELY overrated. I was diassapointed to say the least. Definitely do not get. Corn soup- so rich and creamy with a full sweet corn taste. It got me so nostalgic, since I've been on a hunt to find one that could remind me of those I grew up with in Tokyo. I would come back just for this.Gem Salad- so simple, but feels so good to eat a clean, refreshing yet tasty saladSteak - Cooked perfectly, great jus to make you want to lick the plateChocolate Dessert- this is my favorite chocolate dessert in the city, hands down. Wish this restaurant was closer so I could get it to go on a regular basis!
Uncomfortable seating (backless benches!) and dishes that were reasonably good but expensive. Service has varied a lot - at one dinner the server was articulate and attentive, at another, the server mostly ignored us (even turning away when we tried to get his attention).
A couple of years back, Food and Wine, or Saveur magazine named Frances one of its top-ten new restaurants in the country. Pretty unbelievable accolade, in my opinion--how do you account for so many restaurants of such varying cuisine? As skeptical as I was, Frances immediately won me over. Having been there several times now, I can safely say that it is an outstanding restaurant. Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets, Beet Salad, Bavette Steak, Duck Breast...everything I have had was well-prepared. The ambiance was great and the wait staff have consistently been friendly and helpful. Perhaps the kicker is their house blended wine served in a lab beaker--sold by the ounce at a great price, this is a Michelin-starred restaurant that will not break the bank when adding wine to the meal.
After all the hype, I would have expected a lot better. I cannot believe that people book here weeks/months in advance. Finally, my partner and I decided to brave a Sunday walkin at 5:30 pm. Of course, it was already nearly full and we had to sit at the counter, which I equated to United Economy. Seriously, sardines have more room in a can. We had the bacon beignets and a little gem salad as starters -- both very good, but not rock my world good. I had the steak for an entre. No one ever asked how I wanted it done. It came out rather rare (not my taste) so I didn't even finish it.Our server was delightful and attentive. I think SF foodies are masochists: If it's insanely crowded, loud, and near impossible to get into, it must be good. Right?! I will say that for the Castro, and its pathetic dining choices, Frances is a strong presence, but, if it were just a few blocks over on Valencia (or just about anywhere else in the city), it would be pretty average.
I really wanted to bring my boyfriend here for his birthday. I managed to squeeze us in after keeping Open Table up on my laptop for 3 weeks and constantly refreshing it, hoping valiantly for an opening. We got lucky!The decor is simple, intimate, and makes you feel at home. The wait staff was friendly and accommodating. We ordered the bacon beignets (a surprisingly awesome way to start the meal), followed by the risotto, which had an extremely pleasing and melt-in-your-mouth texture. For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the bavette steak (which he was craving) and said he very much enjoyed it. My duck, however, was on another level. It was cooked to perfection and every bite was incredibly well-balanced with the mandarin and onions. The duck is not a dish anyone who goes to Frances should pass up. For dessert, we got the Lumberjack cake, and the waiter kindly brought it out with a candle for the bf's birthday. I'm not a huge fan of extremely sweet desserts, so this cake was absolutely perfect. The fruits in it were so flavorful and plump, and the ice cream was a wonderful compliment.Possibly the greatest thing about Frances is their $1/oz. house wine (which, by the way, is actually pretty good). We got two beakers (yes...we were sufficiently buzzed by the end of the evening, but is there any other way to celebrate one's birthday?) and paid $18 total for everything. That's a pretty incredible deal in my book, and also meant the check was significantly less than expected and totally worth the price in my opinion.Frances has great food, great service, and a great vibe. I highly recommend it if you can snag a reservation!
Still at 4.9something stars...Probably won't add this one to my "Foodie fo'eva" list, but Frances definitely stood their ground last night.The menu pretty much stayed the same for little miss Me...except this time around, the Crispy Squash was a welcomed addition! *HIGHLY* recommend. AMAZING. DELISH.Even the bittersweet chocolate mouse tasted a little more on the sweet side the second time around :)WARNING: One thing they could do without are those greasy over-the-top chickpea fries with aioli. Too heavy for a lovely meal and today I'm feelin like a ball of grease.Other than that, looking forward to my return....when the wait isn't two months long, that is :)
After years of talking about wanting to eat at Frances, I finally did! And I can say I hope I don't wait that long to eat there again. While I tried to do a walk in months ago and was sent away in a not so friendly tone, dinner last night made up for that.The decor of the restaurant is simple yet elegant. The wait staff is attentive and friendly.Now for the food. We started with the shot of the at which was probably the best deal on the menu and deliciously refreshing! We had the bacon beignets which were amazing. The more bites I took, the more I wanted. We then went in to have the kale salad. Crispy and full of flavor! For our entrees we had the steak and duck. Both were amazing, but the duck was out of this world. We finished off with the Lumberjack Cake. While this was something neither of us would usually order, (we did due to other yelp reviews) it was quite amazing. Lots of fruit, crispy edges from butter, nicely paired with a maple ice cream. In all of the dishes you could see the attention to detail that the chef has put into all of his food.Overall, it was an outstanding meal.
Great spot for dinner. The must have here are the beignets, and honestly, get two orders. You won't be disappointed.Service was great, food was great, and we'll definitely be back on our next date night.
Oh how I LOVE Frances!!! I was looking forward to this meal since my last one in August. This time I brought more people with me. The more the merrier, right? The menu was pretty much the same with a slight twist. Some of the appetizers and entrees were changed to go along with the season. Last time, the Watson Farm Lamb came with summer squash and baked ricotta. This time, it came with roasted eggplant, salsa verde, arugula. Both entrees were still delicious! Tonight, the lamb was tender and not gamy. Perfectly seasoned and complimented well with the eggplant. The must orders: Applewood beignets, chicken liver mousse, ricotta gnocchi, Watson Farm Lamb, Soul Food Farm Chicken, Saffron Risotto, Heirloom tomato saladFavorite desserts: Semolina & almond Crostata with Humphry Slocombe vanilla ice cream and Bittersweet chocolate mousse. Having Blue Bottle Coffee with your dessert is a plus!Service is excellent. Thank you Costa, Patrick and the Frances Staff for making our dining experience memorable and fun!Tip: Bring your own wine. Corkage fee is $15.
As I revisit Frances for the 2nd time, with even more difficult reservations to get, and a semi different menu from last time, I think at this point, I can say that I don't think I'll ever be disappointed by Frances. The menu hasn't changed too radically, but it does have its occasional seasonal reflection, but the quality and taste remains the same. For a place that may find itself a bit confused in identity between a casual meal spot vs a high end dining establishment, I'd think that that in itself is what defines it perfectly. You can go in without expecting a pretentious setting and enjoy quality food and service with a friendly smile and ambiance. Frances may very well be a gem that this city needs more of. And don't ever expand, for I fear that it will change you completely.As mentioned before, reservations are difficult, but its worth it doing so early in time such as landing a 7:30pm for 3. MONEY!Wine is always pleasantly priced per amount drank, so I find it somewhat dangerous. As for the food, there were some mildly pleasant ones which were overshadowed by unexpected spectacular dishes. Gotta love tapas style. From the menu:Bouchies-Panisse Frites - so nicely crisp and delicate, these chick peas break if you apply too much pressure, but it goes so nicely. -Baked Cherrystone Clams - nicely seasoned and minced and mixed with some other fresh and tasty ingredients-Smoke Bacon Beignets - all time favorite, can't NOT order these of course.Appetizers-2x White Corn Soup with crab and Padron & Shishito Peppers, and Creme Fraiche - always love their soup-Sugnole Pasta - my absolute favorite because the pasta is so unique and it absorbs the sauce so well. With braised lamb, fava beans and greens, and mushrooms, it all blends perfectlyEntrees-King Salmon - bleh....skip. -Beef - as a usual favorite, its cooked nicely medium rare and sits on a bed of polenta, which is always a perfect combo for me.Sides-Spring Onion and Asparagus Gratin - so light and yet so heavy, but tastes awesome.
I came in ready to hate this place...I mean come on, if you were that good wouldn't you have expanded and not have a ridiculous reservation list? I had it all planned out, ready to compare to over hyped gibberish in this city like Flour+Water, Range, Radius, or Locanda. Alas I had to eat my words, and eat this terrific dinner.Start to finish I was in heaven. The crux of a good meal is combining taste with the inability to make it at home, and this met both criteria...when you have to wonder 'what is this?!' while inhaling your meal then it's a good thing.  Started with the risotto and mushroom soup. I wanted to pour the soup on my face it was that good. I don't even know what that means, but I wanted to bathe in it. The risotto was a lemony flavor punch with crab chunks. I got the fish main, sidekick some vege thing, and both were delish. The desert was a choco torte and I was numb. The vibe was CA chill (as usual). But the staff was uber friendly and so happy. What gives with this place, give me one flaw! I felt disgusted with myself for wanting to dislike you Frances. You truly are a gem amongst your competitors. This was up there for memorable meals I've had in the city in this price point (like Aziza, Gary Skanko, Wayfare Tavern of old, Delfina of old). I'd say I'll be back, but I'm realizing that's almost impossible with the wait list :(
I currently have my "break-up playlist 2010" playing in the background.Why?Because Frances and I are done with. I've waited two whole months for this reservation and now, it's over. done. finished. finito. I keep replaying the most awesome non-home-cooked-meal of my life over and over again in my head and the two girls I went with today are probably doing the same. (shout out to you, Debra. and to you too, Debra.)First off, even though the place is small and you're literally about 1 foot away from the tables next to you, it's perfect. I think the setting is personal and I love the way it looks. When we got there today there were already a bunch of people waiting outside for them to open. Mind you, I made a reservation August 22nd, and the nearest Friday that had a spot open was the 15th of October. We were greeted immediately and were able to choose where we wanted to sit.The three of us got a market shot that was made with cantaloupe juice and some various other juicy bits. And then spiked. OH. YEAH. I also got the summer fizz that included a bunch of unidentifiable yummies. Very refreshing though. We decided to share a couple of the bouches and appetizers. We got the applewood smoked bacon beignets and the chickpea fritters. Those bacon beignets were awesome. Crispy and fluffy, soft and bacon-y, what's not to love? Although I will say this. Those chickpea fritters just stumped me. What a delicate little falafel you are! That's what it reminded me of. But times 1,000,000. For appetizers we shared the gnocchi which were really good, and this roasted pear and pancetta salad. That salad was like a punch in the mouth. It woke you RIGHT up. It really didn't look like much, but once you put it in your mouth you're like @_@. or :O. or O_O. or :D. It was an amazingly balanced salad that hit every part of your tongue. A friend of mine got the saffron risotto, another got the soul food chicken, and I got the watson farm lamb with the roasted eggplant, cherry tomatoes, and salsa verde. The girls absolutely loved their dishes, but I can't speak for them.My lamb was perfect. I've never ever had lamb done so well. HOW YOU GONNA COOK IT THREE WAYS?!?! It completely just blew me out of the water. I think the top pieces of lamb were sous vide, and they were just melt in your mouth lamb-y goodness. We were all really full at this point, like almost stuffed, but really, we couldn't leave without trying dessert. We got the honey panna cotta with the pluots on top. Absolutely delicious. What a panna cotta should be. Creamy and smooth and just scrumptious. But honestly, I gotta rave about those rosemary cookies.WHO WOULDA THUNK ROSEMARY BELONGED IN SHORTBREAD COOKIES?! NOT I. The smell of rosemary was pretty intense, (and mind you I love that scent.) but when you bit into it it was such a subtle flavor. I could have used like seven of those cookies with a glass of milk and I would have been perfectly fine. Honestly with the quality of food that this place is busting out, I feel like their prices are completely reasonable, if not on the low side. We were by far the youngest people in there, and not once did we feel unwelcomed. Everyone was sweet and kind and patient and I am soOOOOOooooo sad it's over. I need to put in another reservation before the year is over because this restaurant is an amazing little jewel in the castro, and I will forever love this place.Shout out to Kosta, our server. You're the man. And PATRICK, thanks for giving us your card. As I watched people come in he greeted and hugged various different people and that's what I loved. How it was like everyone just knew everyone and it was just all so very personal.Frances, I'm going to be back. And you're going to take me back!
I lost a Super Bowl bet to my lady. This is the place where she chose to collect her win. Frances is one of the hottest new restaurants in SF and getting a reservation there is difficult unless you plan a couple months in advance. So when I checked OpenTable last week and one of the coveted Saturday night reservations popped up, I immediately booked it without hesitation.Parking can be very difficult and we had to circle around many blocks until we found one near the fringes of the Mission district several blocks away. Fortunately, we made our 5:15 reservation with our quick, power walking strides. As people have mentioned before, it's a small, intimate space. Tables are close together so if you don't want people to glance at your food or the occasional interaction with your neighbor, this spot may not be the place for you. Luckily, we had our choice of two-tops and the end one was available so we snatched it up.The Food:House wine: We got their house blend red wine that comes in a tall flask with equidistant hashmarks. They charge $1/oz and each hashmark represents 2 oz. Nothing too spectacular about it. A bit too astringent for my taste too.Bread: From Acme Bread, you get a choice of the heel or middle piece. Solid country bread. Just wish it was warm.Bouchees ($6.50 each): We ordered the famed Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets and Panisse Frites. Throughly enjoyed the beignets with bits of smoky bacon in them. A little more dense than I thought they'd be but I'd still gladly have a dozen more, especially with that mildly sweet Maple Creme Fraiche & Chive dipping sauce to dunk them in. The Panisse Frites are basically chickpea fries but so fragile and delicate. Loved the crispy exterior with the ethereal, pillowy interior. Served with a Calabrese Chili Aioli dipping sauce, it's a definite winner.Entrees: I ordered the Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak w/ Toasted Farro Ragout, Maitake Mushrooms, and Baby Fava Greens ($25). The steak was soft in texture yet it still required a few extra chewing strokes to break it down. It also needed a few gentle sprinkles of salt and pepper to elevate it. I loved the earthiness of the farro and mushrooms. My lady had the Caramelized Atlantic Scallops, w/ Sunchoke Puree, Roasted Fennel, and Farga Olives ($26). I think you're only supposed to get 3 scallops but somehow a fourth one landed on her plate. I caught a quick couple bites and the scallops were meltingly good. I enjoyed the floral fennel pieces and the silky smooth puree. Dessert: 7x7 says we have to try this before we die so we decided to share the popular "Lumberjack" cake ($7). It came out with a scoop of Humphry Slocombe Maple-Walnut Ice Cream. It was a wonderful dessert when combined together. A scoop of the ice cream with the cake interlaced with apples. It all worked. The only drawback I would say is I wish it came out warm.Our server was pleasant and very enjoyable. One minus would be that he took the order of the couple next to us first when we had sat down at our table way before they had. We even asked him if we could get a couple copies of the menu and have Chef Perello sign them for us. He said sure and asked us what our names were. As I was signing the check, we got our personalized copies of the menu. Thank you Chef Perello. You have a clear winner of a restaurant that will be successful for years to come.Overall: 4.5 stars
The scene: reminds me of a spot in NY--really cute, really quaint, tight quarters (lots of excuse me's if you need to get out of your chair). Super friendly staff.Market Shot (pear): not sure if there was alcohol in it but tasted amazing, if you like pear.Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets: think cornbread with bits of bacon, NOT powdered sugar, doughnut-like beignets and they're a winner! my friend's favorite part of the meal.Comice Pear Salad: my favorite part of the meal... and I don't even like salad! Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak: good but I've had better.Organic Chicken: slightly too gamey for me.Lumberjack Cake: divine. I literally sat there stunned as I pondered if this could be the best ice cream (from Humphry Slocombe) I've ever eaten. Taste test coming soon...Overall, 4 stars but not 5.
I really enjoyed the bacon beignets and the panisse fries. They were the highlights of my meal. For me, the entrees were forgettable. I did love they charged for every ounce of wine poured. That was a fun idea.I heard Steve Jobs walked in and couldn't get a table. I hope you're happy! R.I.P.
Despite all the 5* reviews (and the Michelin star!), I'm disappointed by my dining experience at Frances. I've given this much thought, so bear with me while I give you the breakdown.Seating + Ambiance:There are 10 seats at the bar that take walk-ins, but it's a tight fit. While we were seated at a table, they're all squished together so I don't see too much of a difference in snagging a table spot except for the fact that you get to sit across from someone rather than next to them. While I understand that it's meant to maximize the amount of tables for the restaurant, it really made the experience less enjoyable. It was loud, hard to hear your dining companion and we were seated so close to the tables next to us that we had about an inch clearance.Food:Bacon beignets: We had heard so much about the bacon beignets that we felt it was a must-order. They were light and had a subtle bacon flavour without the heavy grease. Very good, but not something I'd rave about. Grilled calamari: Well done, but again, nothing that I felt was a 'wow'. Clams: The real star. This hit it out of the park for me with a more complex flavour with the blend of diced ingredients.Spugnole pasta: Wow, what a disappointment. Albeit well cooked, I just can't abide $14 for 9 pieces of pasta.Salmon: Well cooked, but just a bit too much salt. Straight forward, well done, but lacking something extra special.Quail: This needs to come off the menu. There's absolutely nothing special about this dish -- no special sauce or seasoning, nada. So while you have to put up with the tiny little bones (it's a small bird, after all), I just didn't feel it was worth it for what it tasted like. At $26, I felt robbed.Dessert was the Apple Tarte Tatin. It was perfectly adequate but I wasn't feeling like my sweet tooth was properly satisfied. I started to actually dream of the dessert I had last time I was at Wexler's (a must for dessert!).Service:For a restaurant of this calibre, I expect really attentive and spot-on service. Aside from the warm and friendly greeting from the host, I didn't feel it from our waiter. In fact, I even remarked during our meal that I felt like our waiter didn't like us! He rarely checked on us, we had to ask for bread then weren't given a knife for the butter. The real sour note was when I raved about the clams to him, he barely acknowledged me. I really, really wanted to love Frances and can't even begin to tell you how disappointed I was that I didn't! While it had its moments, I think there are plenty of other restaurants in SF that deserve the praise (and 1 month+ waits) than here.
Fantastic from top to bottom. This is our usual celebration restaurant for big occasions that doesn't break the bank but leaves a lasting impression.The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and they don't make you feel pressure to up order -- I don't think I've ever been upsold here. The house wine by the ounce is a thing of beauty -- why doesn't every place do this?? Yes you do have to make reservations in advance but it makes total sense as this place is a hit with everyone who comes here. We usually get two apps, two small plates and split a main and that leaves a little room for dessert which is not to be missed. Go here as soon as you're able and thank me later.
Touted as one of the toughest tables in town, I did my homework and booked a reservation two months in advance; still, I was only able to get a weeknight 8 pm reservation for two. Being one of the hottest days in the city (obviously, no control over this), it was a challenge to truly enjoy this meal. We were kindly seated at the table closest to the reception area and entrance. Patrick was very thorough and outstanding in explaining the menu to us, giving us three recommendations. Amuse Bouche 1) Toasted almonds (16) - We remembered the number as it provided a lucky "eight" for her and me. Bouchees 2) Bacon Beignet (5) - Light, puffy pillows with a creamy dipping sauce. (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) 3) Grilled Calamari Salad - Soothing dish for this particularly warm evening. The flavors were very subtle here. (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) 4) Roasted Beets - Again, a great summer dish, given the particularly warm climate. Appetizers 5) Heirloom Tomato Salad - This was actually very spectacular with the bold flavor contrasts of the tomatoes, lettuce with a refreshing vinaigrette dressing, and avocado. (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) 6) Gnocchi - Served with a light tomato sauce, they were tasty and good, but the bar is perhaps set too high by Myth/Zinnia's version. Entrees 7) Roasted Lamb - This was a welcome surprise as the lamb slices were cooked medium rare. The meat texture was melt-in-your-mouth tender and not a hint of gamey flavor. The squash was a great accompaniment and the Braised Lamb Crespelle reminded me of a mini "pulled" lamb enchilada. (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) 8) Mushroom Cannelloni - Stealing a bite from my friend, this mushroom crepe had a good earthy flavor. (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) Desserts 9) Almond Crostada - Looked delicious and accompanied by Humphrey Slocumbe's English Thyme Ice Cream. Hearty portion. (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) 10) Chocolate Mousse - Think two mini candy balls of Chocolate with a subtle salty aftertaste. (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) Reading Christine C.'s and Amy C.'s reviews inspired this visit and, yes, scoring a table is definitely difficult here. The food rates 4.5 stars in my book, though the unusual conditions (86 degrees at 9 pm in SF?!) made it more difficult to enjoy. The two recommended bouchees (calamari salad and beets) and the salad were probably the most enjoyed dishes since they were cold; while leaving, we noticed that other tables were getting bread which we did not. My expectations were different as the rustic menu was a stark contrast from what I remembered from Fifth Floor. Wished the weather was more cooperative, but it's just another excuse for another visit.
Likes: bacon beignets (anything with bacon is yum), salmon was cooked well and had a crispy skin with meyer lemon, plus it came with creamed corn which was yummy, northern halibut with clams. Panna cotta was light, had a touch of citrus flavor and topped with berries so it was a perfect way to end the meal. friendly service.Dislikes: the beignets came with this white sauce that looks like ranch but lighter. i'm not a huge fan of ranch sauce to begin with so it was only okay to me. my bf loved it though so it depends on your palate. Portions were also on the smaller side, but it meant I actually had room for dessert for once.Tip: It's probably better to make a reservation before going. We were "walk ins" so we had to wait about 20 minutes before they seated us at the bar. Then again someone just told me it's hard to get a reservation so...um...take your pick? Maybe we got lucky because it was a weekday.
Really impressed with the quality of ingredients and execution of the dishes. Simple, elegant and well thought out. If we lived in SF I feel this would be one of our go-to places for date night. We had the market shooters which was strawberry and vermouth, nice and refreshing. Hubby had the house wine which was actually quite good. We shared the chicory salad which had a great balance of brightness and earthiness with sweet cipollini onions, roasted radishes, asparagus and raddichio... So delicious! The bacon beignets were good and smoky but the texture was a tad too soft inside. The squid ink pasta was to die for. Lovely chewy texture, robust sea saltiness and garlic flavor. Sooo good! I was so stuffed by then that I basically didn't want to eat the entree (which we shared)- the Sonoma duck with Japanese sweet potato. Omg, it was perfectly cooked with crispy skin and beautifully seasoned and the greens, blood orange and sweet potato had the perfect sweetness, bitterness and acid to cut the richness of the duck. I only had a few bites but it was so worth it. My husband devoured it. Didn't have room for dessert but would come back on future trips to SF. Prices were very reasonable too but reservations a bit difficult to get on a weekend.
While I could never quite forget that the sour tinge of disappointment still resonated from my first dining experience here, my Timothy gets really giddy about Frances, so I decided to give it another go and found us a last-minute reservation for 2 last Friday evening through Open Table. I remembered that it wasn't so horrible because of the food, but I questioned if our second outing here would yet again be predicated with the concern of deafening noise, and unmanageable conversation because of the noise -I was wrong. This time around, and nearly twelve months later I achieved some clarity that Frances is well intentioned, but really could use a few lesser tables. It came to me in a flash, and because sitting elsewhere other than at either of the 2 awkwardly placed tables in the center made a world of difference.. I think I now recall flavors and smells even more vividly this visit around.First:Bacon Beignets: were lightly smoked in flavor, delicately light and airy in texture, and subtly flavorful. If Frances could bottle up the crme fraiche I would enjoyably gobble it up with some homemade blue-berry waffles.Kalifornia Kolsch: I wish they had a hoppier draft, but this golden ale was toned-down, and didn't compete with any portions of the meal. Dungeness Crab Risotto: sensationally creamy, warm, moist and a bit naughty with the firm English PeasSecond:09 Domaine des Terres de Velle Pinot Noir: long finish with some berries and spice. Really woodsy barrel flavor went nicely with the steak.Bavette Steak: the butterbeans along with the pistachio pesto really made this dish!Squash: creamy, cheesy flavor profile, contrasts the steak nicely when eaten in tandem. Dessert:Fresh nectarines and blueberries with cornmeal cake, and Slocombe maple ice cream. Yum.Thanks for reframing my perception Frances, but please do remove those silly center tables. They are torture!
There are so many options to choose from in the city when it comes to small new American restaurants, these days. Most of the time, I leave feeling very satisfied and thinking "mmm that was delicious!" Days..weeks..and months pass, and somehow I end up forgetting what I had, but I simply remember that it was great.Frances...is not going to let me down in this case. Their bacon beignets were unforgettable. Their salads are beautiful to stare at, and more enjoyable to eat. Their dishes are all outstanding, yet reasonably priced.Although this place is a lot smaller than I had anticipated, your palate is sure to be blown away.The only down side here is the noise level. You have to speak in loud voices, and that's always unpleasant on a date.
The very best of absolutely everything. Impeccable service - the staff and host remember names and greet you like old friends. Incredible food - no matter what's on the menu, it's always out of this world delicious. Lovely atmosphere - the decor and layout contribute to the buzzing energy Frances has. Wine by the ounce - just the best. I'll come back as often as I can get a reservation.
LOVE Frances! i had an exceptional time here. first and foremost, the decor is very simple and completely unpretentious. the food was really good, as i had already assumed it would be. the chickpea fritters truly are worth the trip alone. with a very fine layer of crisp exterior and an ultra creamy (almost cheesy...but not, because i asked and there's no cheese in it whatsoever) interior, it's sort of magical. bacon beignets. just light enough. just chewy enough. just smokey enough. just bacony enough. much much MUCH better than any beignet i had in New Orleans. baked clams with fennel and bacon cream. mMmm!! there was a lot of bacon flavor and the brininess came through at the end.crab risotto with meyer lemon cream. lots of fresh chunks of crab. risotto cooked to perfection. a very simple and well executed dish.duck breast with polenta. perfectly cooked with a super crispy skin. the skin was cooked in a manner in which the outcome reminded me of chinese roasted pork. bavette steak. while the the rest of the dish was good and the jus was fragrant and flavorful, the steak itself was a bit on the chewy side (something that is common for a bavette but not expected at a place like Frances)chocolate almond clafoutis. with caramelized banana, burnt salted caramel and salted caramel ice cream. thank the heavens! so good!!!apple galette with maple walnut ice cream (it originally came with rum raisin ice cream but i can't stand rum raisin anything so we asked them to switch it). very well executed. light and not too sweet. the toasted pecans added a nice texture and some sweetness to the dish. when the server asked if we wanted a to-go box for the bavette, we said no. he inquired about whether or not anything was wrong and we told him that we were just too full to finish and that it was a tad chewy. we didn't expect anything from it and wouldn't have even mentioned it had he not asked. he apologized and a few minutes later came back to tell us that the manager took the beef off of our bill. that was a very nice gesture on their part considering we didn't go out of our way to complain about it or anything. the manager came by before we left to apologize about the beef. he was really friendly and funny. and he didn't speak like he was above us or was annoyed with us for disliking the bavette. he did say that sometimes with that cut of meat it tends to be chewy but when their chef cooks it you can usually eat it with a butter knife. then he said "most times it works out but sometimes....it don't!," and then shifted his weight to his right hip in a comical way. i thought that was gracious of him to be able to speak with a little bit of humility about the restaurant. this meal is one of the better meals i've had in a long time. and because the service was stellar, i give Frances a solid five stars.
I don't know if there is much I can say that the last 772 reviews didn't: Frances is that good.They were able to accommodate my gluten-free-ness without any issues, which is a plus. Here are some stand outs:Baked cherry stone clams ($7): they were able to leave off the breadcrumbs and OMG this was delicious yelp.com/user_local_photGrilled calamari ($7): fresh and light- I didn't want to share it yelp.com/user_local_photQuail: solid choice, can't go wrong yelp.com/user_local_photDuck ($26): cooked perfectly, not quite as good as L'ardoise thoughBonus: They have wine (house red and white) by the ounce. Go with the red, it is very good for a house wine and a bargain at only $1/oz.Warning: you're in Michelin territory, so don't walk into this expecting a "value". It's great food and you have to pay to get it.
With their newly awarded one Michelin star and stellar Yelp reviews, I had high hopes for Frances. Maybe it was just the inflated expectations, but it didn't live up to the hype for me. Overall the food was decent, but certainly not exceptional. My socks remained firmly on my feet and I was mostly just bored. Nothing was all that memorable, and if not for the pictures I took I couldn't tell you what I ate. As for the service it was very friendly but equally slooooooow. The majority of the time I spent at the restaurant was waiting for our food to come. That's what I remember most about that night: waiting.We started with their famous BACON BEIGNETS (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls). I was really looking forward to these but was sorely disappointed. They were lacking in bacon flavour and were a lot denser than you would expect of beignets. (Plus, I'm a yeast donut kinda gal and prefer a lighter fluffier texture.) Their saving grace was the sweet maple crme fraiche; though I didn't taste much maple I devoured the whole thing (not with the bacon beignets but with my Acme bread). The RED GARNET YAMS (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) were good, as was the chili aioli. Nothing to rave about though.I normally never order salads, but at $6.50 for the bouchee portions I decided to try them both. I had no major complaints--or praises--about either one. The GRILLED CALAMARI (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) was tender but bland (you would think grilling would impart some grill flavour) and easily disappeared into the rest of the salad. I liked the crunchiness of the shaved fennel though. The ROASTED BEET & RAINBOW CARROT SALAD (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) tasted like a typical beet salad. Maybe I'm just not the type to get excited about salads. *yawn*My favourite dish of the night was the TROTTOLONI PASTA & COTECHINO SAUSAGE (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls), partly because the fat coils remind me of intestines (one of my favourite street food in HK). Cooked to a perfect al dente, the pasta was great with the cheesy and flavourful sauce and yummy pork sausage. Shredded black trumpet mushrooms added a nice contrasting texture.After the glimmer of hope that was the pasta, it was back to the snorefest with the CALIFORNIA BLACK COD (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls). Again, not that it wasn't good, it just didn't blow me away. Maybe a mild breeze. The fish was cooked well enough but nowhere near as rich and buttery as other black cods I've had. The accompaniments (mashed winter squash, creamed leek, chanterelles) were all pretty good.We also ordered all 3 sides (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls). I liked the ROASTED BRUSSELS SPROUTS and ROASTED DELICATA SQUASH. Both were nicely cooked and brightened by the acidity of red crimson grapes and pickled currants, respectively. I also really liked the toasted hazelnuts with the Brussels sprouts for their added texture and flavour. The POLENTA, however... The already heavy dish (I literally felt the weight on my tongue) was soaked in a thick pool of oil, which was especially unappetizing given the polenta was so bland. I only ate one spoonful before pushing the bowl aside.In keeping with the general trajectory of the meal, the desserts were good but I'm not entirely convinced they were worth the extra time at the gym. By itself, the CHOCOLATE & CHESTNUT BREAD PUDDING (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) was surprisingly bland. I also didn't care for texture of the chestnuts and picked them all out. The best part of was the extremely rich hot chocolate--a little too decadent on its own but ideal for dipping. The CHICORY ROOT PANNA COTTA (yelp.com/biz_photos/dMls) had the perfect smooth, creamy, and gelatinous consistency. The coffee flavour was nice but the mandarin didn't go very well with it.Overall, the meal was lackluster. Just writing about it is making me sleepy all over again.
Delicious! Was visiting SF on a girls weekend and wanted to try some spots I haven't been too. Having lived in the city for a couple of years I always try to hit some top rated restaurants whenever I come back into town. We had a 9:30 reservation and showed up early hoping to put our name down for a slightly earlier dinner. The host was extremely nice and took my cell number and said he would text me if he could accommodate us any sooner. At 8:30 we sat down! Service was amazing. Love that they offer a house wine by the ounce - white or red - and charge you only for what you drink. Allows you to have more or less than a bottles worth without worrying about portioning it out between everyone. Tried a little bit of everything including the bacon beignets that everyone raves about. All the food was fantastic and I would come back anytime. Love the neighborhood location, relaxed vibe and delicious food.
It seems I'll be in the minority here by saying this place was a bit underwhelming. After reading rave reviews in both national and local magazines, blogs, etc. we really wanted to get a reservation here. We ended up making one a few months in advance, and even then it was for earlier than we would normally eat. Upon arriving, i was greeted so warmly, and the manager was so nice, I was immediately impressed. Although neither my husband nor I are huge beignet fans, it felt like one of those dishes that was a must order. I have to say, I liked them, and was impressed by how little grease there was on the paper they were in. We also had the panisse frites, which were a bit disappointing. I did LOVE the sauce that came with them though. I don't eat fried food that often , so when i do, i want it to be fantastic. These just weren't.For my entree I had the scallops, and my husband had the steak. My dish would have been perfection if not for one problem....It was way too salty. The scallops were cooked perfectly,and i loved the sunchoke puree and the fennel. The flavors worked really well together. (If not for the oversaltiness.)While 3 scallops does seem a bit ridiculous for the price as many reviewers have mentioned, I kind liked the small portions because then i was able to try more things without feeling overstuffed. My guy's steak was very bland, while other components of the dish seemed over salted. I love their method of paying for the wine by the ounce, I only wish there was more of a selection. I liked the concept, and hope to see it in other restaurants. We shared a dessert, and it found it ok, but nothing special.Service was good, the waiter was very knowledgeable about the dishes, and fairly attentive. I was a bit torn between giving this place 3 or 4 stars, but decided to bump it up to a 4. After waiting so long to eat here, it just wasn't at all what I had hoped for.
My friend and I made reservations months in advance as we were to be on vacation. Sadly we were very disappointed. Staff was very polite but, we were disappointed in the cuisine. It was just okay. Also, just raise your prices, no one wants to know you are too cheap to pay for health insurance for your employees. That little surprise surcharge is more embarrassing on your part. If you want to be a high class restaurant you can't just pretend you to be one.
11 weeks, 72 days, 576 hours, 34.5K minutes OR 2.07M seconds...however, you count it, that is HOW long it took to get reservations at Frances. However, I can say without a doubt, it was well worth the wait.Last night on 7.11.10, my friends and I arrived a little early for our 8:30 PM reservations. As we waited for our table, we excitedly looked over the menuFOOD/DRINKS:*Strawberry Fizz ($10): Yum; just like a spiked slurpee. The Vergano Americano, an aromatized wine infused w/ quinine bark had a slight herby orangey flavor. The fresh lusciously sweet strawberry juice help balance the slight bitterness from the quinine. The bubbly soda added a slight nose tingle and the chipped ice added a refreshing crisp to the cocktail. *Bacon Beignets ($6.50): Yum; like fried pillows of Heaven! The beignets were fried to a light crisp and the interior was soft and fluffy. The bits of bacon added a nice smoky pork richness. The maple and chive cream fraiche was the perfect complement as it added a slight of creamy savory sweetness to the beignets.*Panisse Frites ($6.50): Delish; the chickpeas frites were light and crisp on the outside and smooth and creamy in the inside. The texture was most similar to a creamy polenta. The lemon aioli added a delectable savory tang.*Grilled Calamari ($6.50): It was good; the calamari was grilled to a prefect tenderness and the char marks added a hint of smokiness. I'm not a fan of olives, however the olive flavor added a nice saltiness as opposed to a strong pungent flavor. *Dungeness Crab Salad ($13): It was ok; the rich butter lettuce was nestled alongside fresh, tender, and sweet chunks of crab, however, the herb vinaigrette was too overpowering and acidic which masked the flavor of the crab.*White Corn Soup ($9): Decadent; the white corn soup was savory, sweet, and creamy. The tomatoes stewed in the soup and added a burst of tang as you bite into which helped offset the richness of the soup. My only gripe is that it was too salty for my taste.*Lucky Dog Ranch Bavette Steak w/ Summer Squash and Baked Ricotta ($25): MmMm, the steak cooked medium rare was tender, buttery, and well seasoned. The baked ricotta added a soft, creamy richness and a ever so light sweetness to the beef. The squash was perfectly cooked, tender, yet w/ a bite to it. The salsa verde tied the dish together as it added a fresh tangy sweetness to balance the richness of the dish.*Bittersweet Chocolate Pot Du Crme ($7.50): A must order for choco-holics. The slightly sweet chocolate crme was soft, velvety smooth, and melted like a fine truffle. The bing cherries added a sweet tang, while the crme fraiche added an another layer of milky tart creaminess.*Almond Crostata w/ Nectarines and Thyme Ice Cream ($7): Yum! If you like different flavor and texture combos, this is the perfect dessert for you. The almond crostata had a perfectly crisp buttery crust and was filled w/ sweet and slightly tart nectarines. The almond topping was crunchy, nutty, and buttery. The ice cream was creamy, sweet and savory. Although thyme can be very strong, the thyme flavor was very subtle and added just a hint of earthy flavor.SERVICE:STELLAR! The staff at Frances is genuinely warm and inviting, non-pretentious, and attentive. Our waiter Kosta was very knowledgeable w/ the menu and welcomed any questions we had. All our dishes were brought out in a timely fashion; 10 minutes wait for our app, and the other dishes came in 5-7 minute increments thereafter. If we needed anything, the staff was within reach and readily available. AMBIANCE/DCOR:Modern and simplistic; crisp ivory walls accented by a wine bottle and glass wall, dark brown furnishings w/ cute plushy buttoned pillows for back support. Frances is small and intimate w/ seating for less than 30 in the dining area and for about 6-8 people at the counter. PARKING:Street parking which can be difficult w/o luck.From start to finish, our meal at Frances was like a perfectly orchestrated symphony. Chef Melissa Perello (former Executive Chef at Fifth Floor) does an excellent job pairing seasonal ingredients that marry well with one another in terms of texture and flavor profiles. Moreover, the service is unmatched. If you're a foodie, Frances should definitely be on the TOP of your list. As Julie Child said, "Life itself is binge." So why not live a little and indulge in what Frances has to offer...
Frances was my favorite restaurant experience in San Francisco on all accounts!The service was impeccable. We had reservations, showed up on time--when we were not seated right away they were very much aware and apologetic, bringing us an amuse bouche promptly upon seating. We were not in any rush and Frances was our destination of the evening, so this was welcomed! Me and my partner didn't order any appetizers, just a few Bouchees and our entrees!We had a market shot upon arrival to start our meal adventure, don't miss out on this touch! 3 oz shot of spiked juice for $3. We also chose to do the Frances Red wine which is offered at $1/oz--It was very pleasant.Bouchees: Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets--So good, it is the item that gets discussed the most I think and should definitely not be missed.Baked Cherrystone Clams-- I was most partial to this! Came with three clams, my partner was extremely generous and let me have the third, but it was my birthday!The crumbled bacon was a great touch and really added to the flavor of the clam's mixture. The presentation was pleasing--it comes out on 3 large shells, and I am fond of anything nautical.Charred Spring Onion and Sour Cream Dip-- a great take on a sour cream based onion dip.Entrees: Brian had the steak and I had the Sonoma Duck Breast. He enjoyed the steak, but didn't feel it was as exciting as he wished his entree to be. It came on a small bed of mashed potatoes, though the sauce for the steak was flavorful--wish they would have left the whole gravy boat at the table ;)I found the Duck to be extremely exciting. It is hard to find a strong presence of vegetables while dining out at the average establishment. There was a good portion of kale with my duck which really wowed me. The slightly grilled clementines were very surprising and accompanied my meal wonderfully. And the spiced duck jus was (embarrassingly) spooned up...For dessert we had planned on the Lumberjack Cake, but when we saw the Port Chocolate Cake, chose that instead (because of a personal love for chocolate cake!) Extremely rich in flavor.Excellent service, inviting atmosphere, well worth the price (was not even as expensive as we had budgeted, though it could easily get higher in price with more selection and the wine list), I cannot wait to come back to try the rest of the bouchees, appetizers, have a market shot, and indulge in the Lumberjack Cake!
We were really fortunate to get an early dinner reservation just a couple of days in advance. The place was small but not too crowded. We ordered the small plates- smoked bacon beignets, grilled calamari, salmon belly and corn soup. The bacon beignets had just the right amount of smoked bacon flavor and the salmon belly was crisped on the outside and tender on the inside. We also loved the calamari which was cooked just right. The cool corn soup was refreshing and really balanced out the meal. Finally, we had the bavette steak which was cooked medium rare and complemented with the farro and peppers. Finally, don't miss out on the pavlova for dessert which was fruity and not overly sweet. I think it was great value for a 5 star dining experience.
I liked it. I had steak. It was interesting to have steak with non standard sides like risotto instead of just potatoes. The corn soup was also very good.
Came here with my roommate and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. The place is really small and the tables are situated REALLY close to one another. How close? You have to move the entire table if you want to get out to go to the bathroom or something. My roommate and I shared some bacon beignets and a kale salad to start. The beniegts were really good. I expected the inside to be a bit a dry and mealy but it was so moist and delicious. The kale was salad was ok. The dressing is pretty sour but the figs definitely offset it and make pretty tasty. For entree, I got the quail and my roommate got the seabass. The quail was super moist and tender. Whenever i had quail previously, it was roasted but the meat was usually dry and kinda tough. For dessert, we got the lumberjack cake and that was delicious as well. Overall, this place is well deserving of its michelin star and I would definitely come back here again. I will say that due to the small size and packed house, it gets really warm in there.
One of the best restaurants in all of San Francisco. It's really hard to get into, they take walk-ins but you are rolling the dice.  It's hard to get into because it doesn't seat that many people - parking is a nightmare, so pad in some time for that too.If you want impress a foodie date with a place that has some of the best food in SF without all the pretense of some of the other top places, this is the choice. The house wine (by the beaker!) is really good too. Anyone that appreciates fine food will love it. It's small and intimate inside with a great neighborhood feel.The food deserves all the hype and the staff is amazing. The food here is a good value for what you get, I don't think it's particularly expensive for some of the best food anywhere. The simple menu changes regularly and you can go to the web site to see what is current.They have a great wine list with thoughtful picks, many European choices that you might not normally find.Highly recommended. I eat out frequently but this definitely one of my favorite places in all of SF at any price point. I don't give many places at all 5 stars but Frances deserves it.
I've had Frances bookmarked for YEARS! I finally made it... albeit at 10pm on a Thursday because reservations are impossible.I think the 2 standout items of the meal were the daily fruit shot (fresh cocktail of fruits from the farmers market with a concoction of alcohol). What a deal. The second standout was the chocolate mousse with cherries. I could swim in it. And the wine mixed by the owner is quite delicious and very affordable.The entrees and appetizers didn't stand out to me. Bacon Beignets were ok, I prefer the regular beignets that were lighter and fluffier at Hard Knox. Maybe I came on an off night, the menu changes frequently.
it's your sophomore year of college. you're still a virgin. people around you left and right are having copious amounts of sex. like, records are broken, stories will be told amounts of sex. you have a suspicion but no conclusive evidence that the janitor was getting some regular on the weekends. even your awkward freshman year roommate seong-min with the limited edition collectible die cast star wars miniature figurine collection and social anxiety disorder sexiled you at the end of last year. you've been close a couple times, you made out vigorously with that one girl with the hipster glasses, and another time your cute chemistry TA accidentally brushed against your crotch in class. but no actual sex. but you're ready. you've gone mainstream, read maxim, GQ, etc. for sex tips. you've gone scientific, looked up this "clitoris" thing on wikipedia. you've gone dirty, watching an inordinate (and, to be honest, unhealthy) amount of porn on your computer. now you just need the opportunity, the chance. put me in coach!and finally it happens. you've been out with this girl a couple times, she's cute, you're bringing your A game, things are progressing. finally the day has come when she tells you, on the next date, she wants to "take things to the next level". boom. fireworks, birds sing, angels weep. but then in your mind you think to yourself, there's no way that the sex will actually live up to the hype and to what i've built it up to be in my mind. there's no way it's actually as awesome as people keep telling me it is. surely, i will be let down and my world will come crashing down around me. this is what getting a reservation at frances is like.super excited to get the reservations, super excited to go. but the hype. my god the hype. best restaurant this, bacon beignet that. there's no way it's actually as awesome as people keep telling me it is. surely, i will be let down and my world will come crashing down around me. frances, like sex, lived up to the expectation. the bacon beignets were great, but add the chive creme fraiche and it was an orgasm in my mouth (...that came out wrong). the baked clams were a wild card selection but turned out to be one of the best dishes. the squid ink taglietelle was al dente and delicious. the duck wasn't just a bunch of pieces of duck on a bed of vegetables - the pieces were so thick and juicy (that's what she said!) that it was like a duck steak. and the steak was perfectly done, on the rarer side which is exactly what a good steak should be.  you don't feel rushed. we stayed maybe 2 hours (which is 1 hour and 57 minutes longer than my first sexual encounter), and the server was accommodating. wine by the ounce is a new and welcome plus. all in all, 5/5, would bang again.
might as well be communal tables, this place is extremely cramped. whether or not you want to, you'll hear every bit of the conversation next to you.despite the close quarters, this was by far one of the best meals I've ever had. I thought about those beignets on the drive home, i loved the spiced iced coffee, lumberjack cake, house wine, halibut, and the list goes on. when i got home i went on open table and made a reservation for my next visit.
The clear winner of this meal was the Gnocci. It was buttery soft and succulent and flavorful, I was tempted to lick the bowl!!! The bacon beignets came in second place. I'd like to have 10 of those every morning, please. Beet salad was fragrant with just the right amount of tart. Make reservations far in advance because this place (thanks to their new michelin star) is booked like 3 months in advance!!! We lucked out with a cancellation, but we almost walked away hungry!The desserts were underwhelming, but the menu changes all the time so I'd definitely go back to give that another taste.
By far the best food, best service and the friendliest staff I've encountered. It didn't matter that we were seated at the bar, the meal was well worth every penny ! The pleasure surely sent me home happy...Frances is a must, for all the epicures out there
I was not super impressed with Frances, I am sorry to say. But to give Frances some credit, everything was seasoned to perfection.Market shot $3White peach & watermelon spiked with wine and bitters. The flavor was very nice, but it was not chilled.Frances wine by the ounce $1/oz.Great idea and concept.Rosemary & lavender almonds (complimentary)Nice rosemary and olive oil flavor, but possibly could have been served in a better vessel; they were on the bottom of a small bowl, so they looked like left overs since the bowl was not even half full. Panisse frites $6.50I've had better at Fleur de Lys. The chickpea fries were too large, and I could taste the oil. The lemon aioli it was served with was too creamy and made the bite one note, regarding both flavor and texture.Roasted beet salad $6.50 Excellent. Everything complimented each other in the salad. Wild mushroom crepe cannelloni $19The porcini mushrooms in sauce on top of the cannelloni was very tasty. However, the crepe cannelloni lacked something texturally since the filling was a soft white bean puree. A contrast in texture would have done wonders for the dish. Also, the flavor of the crepe was off and can best be described as a whole wheat crepe.I wouldn't mind going back to Frances to give it another shot, but honestly I'm not very interested anymore based on my experience.Been there, done that, bought the T-shirt.
I am so happy I was finally able to try Frances! I really enjoyed my experience here. We pretty much ordered the majority of the menu, but I would say that the most memorable thing we had were the bacon beignets with the maple chive creme fraiche. So yummy. It's a darling place to have a great meal with great company ;), and I can't wait to return.
We had dinner there at the first service--5:15 on a Friday. We drove up from the North bay to enjoy a day in SF and then try this restaurant which had been on or hit-list for some time. It was decent...solid food, service was OK, but all-in-all it was not a "wow" experience. I ordered the steak which was fine--a bit chewy (that cut just typically is, so I knew it could be) and some sides. We ordered a bottle of wine (their wine list is on the pricey side overall with not many inexpensive options in my opinion) and the $68 bottle of Sancerre was decent, nothing to jump up and down about. The spacing between our meals was lengthy, which is just fine by me as I like to enjoy my meal slowly. The only serious hiccup was when we asked for the wine list so we could have a glass of red with our entree and then they sort of forgot about us. The entree came and then the server came and asked what we wanted for a red--nothing to get so upset about, but figured a restaurant of this caliber wouldn't make such rookie mistakes. The food was good but again--nothing that made me say "wow" at any of our courses. I'm glad we ate here and can take this restaurant off our list, but probably won't be going back.
I have eaten here three times, and each time have loved it slightly less. My dinner mate gave words to what I was feeling: the restaurant's food is a bit one-note - everything sort of tastes the same, and even the low-salt versions make my mouth feel like someone has run sand-salt-paper across my tongue. Also, I tasted his pasta appetizer, and, he was right about that, too: bland and overcooked. Maybe I am just jaded by all the great food in SF.
I went to Frances for the second time on 10/16. Both times the food was perfect. We had the beignets, cucumber dip, clams, calamari, beets, kale salad, and soup. It was all wonderful. Every staff member was nice. The evening was great. I wish I lived closer so I could eat here more often.
Hmmm. Huh. Well. I don't think I'll be rushing back, at least not until the bloom is off the rose and Frances is not so hot hot hot as a destination restaurant. When Frances has some time to reflect she'll probably grow as an individual and become a lovely mature lass. A subtler approach to coaxing out the flavors of the wonderful fresh ingredients that are used rather than relying so heavily on salt would be appreciated. This was the case with all of the dishes we tried - with the possible exception of the wonderful warm calamari salad. You never had calamari so tender! And I am a lover of the salt and a veteran of many a Michelin starred meal (in case I have not hammered it into your head in previous reviews, I used to be something of a big deal). There's a lot to like about Frances....the prices are very reasonable, it is a welcome addition to the pathetic dining scene in the Castro and will hopefully elevate said scene. I'd re-visit Jardiniere (when my pockets are full of gold) or Canteen before going back to Frances tho. Until she grows up.
Seriously, one of the best meals I've had in quite some time. Incredibly fun and friendly wait staff. I had dinner with two of my friends and typically we share quite a bit (at least offer each other a bite). At Frances there were no such offers. Everyone was so enthusiastic about their meal that no one was interested in sharing! For a Saturday night we needed a reservation about a month in advance. Parking was on street and can be a challenge.
I really enjoyed my meal here! Positives: - I enjoyed our apps, but I think I could still smell the smokey bacon beignets on me hours after our meal...that's a good thing in my book- I ordered the sea bass, which was thankfully properly seasoned - bf ordered the duck, which apparently had a crispy skin. it looked soooo good- house wine for a dollar an ounce! - lumberjack cake was a warm hug goodnight Negatives- we were stuck sitting so close to our neighbors that we had to move our tables to get in and out- coffee was so light it was almost flavorless
Cozy restuarant However, super delicious dishes with great flavors. Would definitely go back again!
I would say that it is pretty rare to find a one-star Michelin restaurant hiding in such a small and quiet neighborhood in the Castro. Prior to dinner, I didn't know about the Michelin star; I only heard that Frances was a relatively new up-and-coming restaurant with rave reviews headed by a rising chef with multiple James Beard award nominations. Those types of accolades would pique anyone's interest. We arrived ten minutes before opening and already two customers had stopped by to pick up or buy gift certificates. Without any reservations, we were in luck and quickly seated at the first table. Within five minutes another person came in to buy a gift certificate. The waiter commented that they had sold over $10,000 worth in the past week. Award nominations and Michelin stars aside, that is pretty impressive for any restaurant. I was excited to try what Frances had to offer. With such a small and ever-changing nightly menu, it was easier for us to eat family-style so we ordered three out of the four entrees on the day's menu. Dinner started off with bouches (French for gourmet mouthful). We tried the famous applewood-smoked bacon beignets. The bacon flavor was subtle and not overpowering with a crisp exterior, but a doughy interior. I had hoped that it would be light and fluffy only to be a bit disappointed. On the up side, I really enjoyed the slightly sweet maple crme fraiche & chive dip that complimented the beignets. For entres, we shared the Five Dot Ranch bavette steak, the California black cod, and the Liberty Farm duck breast. Presentation was beautiful and each dish looked quite enticing. First, I tried the steak and immediately found it to be too chewy and slightly undercooked. Despite that, the accompanying vegetables, the farro ragout, maitakes and fava greens were well-seasoned and perfectly cooked. The duck breast was a much better dish. It had an almost Asian influence, but you wouldn't be able to tell with Italian butter beans, braised chicories, and Sicilian olives. I could appreciate that the olives weren't as overpowering in flavor as I expected. The last dish, my favorite, was the black cod. The texture was butter-soft and I loved the flavor combination with the roasted winter squash and creamed leeks. I only wish there was some contrast in texture between the leeks and the cod - it was just all a bit mushy. But, I did love the crunchy fried leaves that topped off the cod. Overall, the flavors were bold and highlighted every dish quite well. My only disappointment was the lapse in execution of the steak.We ended dinner with the chocolate & chestnut bread pudding. Even with the chestnut, the chocolate bread pudding was pedestrian and slightly dry without the addition of the hot chocolate & cream. If you are a fan of chocolate, I'm sure you would enjoy it a lot more than I did. By the end of the night, I could appreciate all the love and praise Frances is getting. It is a great little restaurant well-deserving of a Michelin star. ***********************************************Restroom rating: I think it was Anthony Bourdain who referenced the cleanliness of a restaurant's restroom as a reflection of how they treat their food. In this case, I will start reviewing the restrooms of fine dining establishments, which will have no bearing on the overall Yelp star rating - just a fun FYI fact. Rating: 3 :|Nothing out of the ordinary or impressive to the eye. There's only a single unisex bathroom for the entire restaurant, but it's a small location to begin with. It was simple and kept clean. At least one could appreciate the rolled cloth hand towels for one's use.
I took my partner to Frances for his birthday dinner and the experience was stellar from beginning to end. The pomegranate cava cocktail was delicious. We shared the roasted cauliflower salad and the tagliatelle with pancetta and mushrooms to start. The mushrooms were earthy, chewy, and simply amazing. He had the steak and I had the snapper for our entrees. Both came with a yummy sauce that the server poured onto our plates at the table. The wines by the glass were also very good. We polished the meal off by sharing the Lumberjack cake. I will definitely return in the spring for another great meal!
The question that first comes to mind is was this place worth the 2 month wait? It was good but I wasn't wowed by any of the dishes. They were good and I would eat them again and come back to try new ones but not if I have to wait this long.The place is small, very neighborhoody and fit for foodies but it's also extremely noisy and the tables are way too close together. You're literally elbow to elbow with diners which is not fun and for a nice Saturday night dinner with my husband it's lacking in intimacy. The service however was great, friendly, attentive, knowledgeable. Everything you want a restaurant to be.For the starters we had the bacon beignets and calamari. Both were great and we loved the smaller portions to be able to get our taste buds going and start enjoying the wine. The calamari were tender, which most places never get right and they had great flavor balance. The beignets were addictive, well executed, the dipping sauce was also a nice combo of sweet and salty with the bacon.For the main dishes we had the steak and scallops and a side of the squash. The scallops were amazing, I wanted more and the sauce was great. The steak was just OK, a bit chewy and the side of barley was a bit dry. The squash was great and the currants brought out a nice flavor paired with the smokiness of the squash. For dessert we had the souffle like dessert which was good but not special, it was forgettable. Our tab was $100, not much and that was with a corkage fee. For the price this place is great, better than many in the city and definitely a place I would come back. Not sure how the bar seating works but it looked crowded.
There are only a handful of nice restaurants in San Francisco that have 500+ reviews and 4.5 stars on Yelp. I've generally liked the ones I've been to, though I can think of a couple that were disappointing. But Frances is first one I've been to that is legitimately undeserving of its reputation.I ended up trying five dishes here:- Chick pea fritters: do not measure up to the mozzarella sticks at the Olive Garden- Calamari: good, but not any better than dozens of other places- Crab risotto: bland, tasteless- Roasted cauliflower: good, but similar to what I make at home- Lumberjack cake: slightly above-average as far as desserts goThe bigger issue is that the menu as a whole is about as pedestrian as you can get. I didn't end up ordering a main course because the offerings were so weak - I got a look at the halibut (for $28) and it was about as boring as could be...Until I saw the crepes with greens and peas, which might have been a frozen entree I was forced to eat as a child. It wasn't just the entrees - the clams appetizer only came with two clams. There are only 16 things on the menu here (20 if you include dessert), so for 4.5 stars and $$$, each and every one of them should be well-thought out and inspiring. On that count, Frances basically fails.I should note that the service was generally good. However, we were made to wait roughly five minutes without explanation to sit down at our table even though it was empty and set. One of employees (owner, perhaps?) was talking to the people at the table next to ours and it seemed like the host did not want to disturb him. I've never seen anything like that before, and it's decidedly not a 4.5-star way to operate.
After many months of waiting to go to Frances, we finally made it there this past week for dinner - yay for us as it was a solid dining experience and I want to go back for more. It's a tiny space, packed to the gills every night I'm guessing, warm decor and dining ambiance. There are already some changes to their menu as the sole changed to salmon, so it changes slightly here and there per local/seasonal availability. We had:* Baked Cherrystone Clams - White Corn, Fennel, Bacon, Russian Kale (the clams were finely minced still in the half shell with the corn, fennel, bacon and kale and the resulting taste was savory and slightly sweet from the clams, yummmm, it so hit the spot)* Panisse Frites - Chickpea Fritters, Eggplant and Sultana Raisin Caponata (my friend recommended these, I liked how crispy and perfect cooked they were the caponata was spot on, filling)* Mains: Patrole Sole (loved the fish, accompanying vegetables and sauce, didn't think I would finish it, but I did, woo!) and Summer Bean "Cassolulet" (my friend enjoyed her main, nice taste, good vegetarian choice)* Side of Fried Green Tomatoes (lovely tomato wedges lightly fried and tossed with tasty vinaigrette, our waiter almost forgot to put this in as part of our order, and seriously, we were getting full but we got it anyway and barely had room, yummy though)The host was real sweet and welcoming, the waiter seemed a tad spacey but it is forgiveable, we came out all right and we enjoyed our meal immensely.
Weekly Cheat Meal Alert!Rating: 6Dish(es): Charred Spring Onion Dip, Little Gem Salad, Roasted Cauliflower, King Salmon, Lumberjack CakeReview: Didn't meet the expectations.  - Almost no space between tables, very loud.  - Very attentive and good service.  - Roasted almonds were probably the best of the night. Very tasty with rosemary flavor and some spices.  - Gem Salad was disappointing, just some lettuce with a touch of creamy dressing and grilled asparagus. No special taste.  - Onion dip had a nice sweet and cooling taste. Original, I liked it.  - Roasted cauliflower was waaaay too salty, had to sip water after each bite.  - Salmon was just normal. Very average, cooked well but again nothing special. - Lumberjack cake was warm but dry and highly dominated by the orange peel taste. Ice-cream was able to balance it though.  - I probably will not be back.Cheat meal would be spent better.
Why read my review out of 750? Because I seem to be the only one not blown away by Frances. Started with the bacon beignets which were like bacon flavored hush puppies. In other words, bland and way overrated. Spugnole pasta appetizer fared no better. Ok, let's move to the main course. The Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak. If you're hungry, this isn't your best option. Tender and spead over flavorful butter beans and a pesto sauce. All I can say is that 5 stars is not warranted at least for what I ordered.
What an all around great restaurant. Ok, we did have to make a reservation about two months out and had to eat at 5:15 on a Friday but other than that everything here was great. The owner greeted us very warmly when we arrived and we immediately felt at home. There is not much decor to Frances which makes it feel nice. It seats about 45 and the tables are pretty close but it's a great way to see what other people are ordering and maybe influence your decision as well.I love the wine idea that they have as well as we didn't have to spend a ton of money on wine but got their delicious red wine. We started off with the Applewood smoked bacon beignets. While they weren't my favorite they were tasty and a good start to the meal. We also had the crab salad which had a good amount of crab and tasty mandarins and the pasta and sausage which was probably my favorite item on the menu. For our main meal we had the scallops and duck. Both were excellent but I would highly recommend the scallops.Although we had a lot to eat, we saved some room for dessert and asked for recommendations. Without skipping a beat the owner recommended the Lumberjack cake. We also had the Chocolate Clafoutis. Both were very large servings and excellent.We had a great experience and hope to return here soon...maybe we should just make a reservation now for a few months out.
I hate to give this place 3 stars because the service was impeccable, top notch. Everyone was super nice. I really liked the appearance and ambiance of the place. The nighborhood is just lovely. Definitely make reservations ( I did on Yelp app via Open Table.. must have gotten lucky because we got a table for 7pm, and reserved at 5pm)Based on the Yelp reviews here, and average of 4.5 stars, I had very high expectations, some of which were met. We asked about other wines not on the wine list, and our waiter neglected to mention the house wine, which is several dollars cheaper than any of the wines listed. Thankfully, we asked another waiter and he explained it all to us. $18 for a carafe of house red or white wine. Versus the half bottle of Syrah for $42 we ordered. Huge difference! Not that we're being cheap but we at least should be offered the choice if available. On to the food. First, bacon beignets. I heard all about these.. they were OK. The bacon did not make much of an impact. I had the warm spinach salad.. again, it was OK. I eat spinach all the time so I could not distinguish anything special about the dish. I had a taste of my partner's white corn soup .. that was spectacular! I wish I had orderd that! Truly a standout. For main dish, I had the spring lamb. It was OK. Again, I eat a lot of lamb and this one did not stand out for me. I might even go as far as to say it was kind of bland. My partner was really disappointed with his salmon dish. He said I cook better salmon than that. Dessert, I had the panna cotta. Meh, quite ordinary. My partner's chocolate almond clafoutis was very yummy though. I enjoyed that. So I guess I enjoyed most of my partner's dishes! And none of mine. And looking at the bill afterwards, yes may not have been worth it. I would recommend you go though and judge for yourself. Many reviewers on here seem to really like it. Like I said, I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere and ambiance and the service. It's definitely a step above most restaurants. I personally was just not impressed by some of the food.
Small neighborhoody gem which lived up to all the attention it's gotten. 4.5 starsFood: 4.5, Service: 5, Atmosphere: 4.5 Cost to worth it rating: 4.5 (very affordable for such stellar food: starters and sides ~$6, aps ~$10, entrees ~$25 )Eve award: best grilled calamari, best duckHighlights:- Atmosphere: super small spot which was almost cafe-like and filled with positive energy. Loved the Japanese like platewear which added a sophisticated touch- Service: impeccable. Friendly server who steered us in the right ordering direction when we were on the fence- Grilled calamari: most tender I've ever had with little pieces embodying such a delectable grill flavor. Amazing how they did that. Other versions I've had were good but definitely with a stiffer chewier texture - Duck: best cooked duck I've had. Tender, meaty, with just a perfect bit of skin on each piece. Sitting on top of a delectable jus and a few waxy beans, was spectacular. - Pasta: spugnoli and sausage. I don't even like mushrooms but fell in love with these thin squiggly trumpets accompanied by a how-did-this-much-flavor-get-into-it-could-drink-it-on-its own jus - Bevette steak: incredibly tender, almost like a cross between a standard full steak and short ribs- Brussels sprouts: loved the addition of chopped hazelnuts and plump multi-colored raisins- Affogato: boozy version with bitters in addition to espresso the hub lovedMidlights:- Bacon beignets: fluffy smokey but bit too salty for meLowlights- Tables too close together: almost elbow distance so couldn't help but hear conversations from both sides and getting out was a challenge, as the table had to be moved out- Single bathroom for all: bit of waiting at timesMy kind of place: excellent food, comfortable, classy, and friendly. Wasn't disappointed and would return.
Finally, after a year of gawking, waiting, i was able to make reservations (2 months in advanced to ensure i get the time i wanted) to celebrate an anniversary with ze bf. There really is no other way of getting in! I hate waiting in line, so reservations is a must, and it rings especially true here. But if you can wait, it is worth it. The food was so orgasmically good, I wanted to bathe in them. Parking is a bit of a biotch as it's street parking and well.. you know.. SF + Street Parking = nonexistent.
I've been wanting to try this restaurant for months and I finally took the leap of faith 2 months ago that someone will go with me on Dec 21 @ 5:00pm. YAY for the hot holiday date with my bestie. We arrived 15 minutes late and it wasn't a problem. The restaurant was close to empty - hard to believe right? The ambiance was nice/modern in a tight space. Our waiter was interesting, he confused me a couple of times with his facial expressions making me self conscious of the things we ordered. We started with a Foggy Fizz for me and Apples & Honey for her. I decided we should share many dishes because I really wasn't sure when I'd be back. So we had the - Bacon Beignets - cakey, savory goodnessOyster Chowder w/ Creme Fraiche - light, not super fishy like and the leeks or celery root was so goodDuck Leg - tender, fall off the bone, tasty sauceBlack Cod - cooked to perfection and melt in your mouth good. served w/ sweet potato mash which was a nice complimentBrussel Sprouts - nice charred flavorRoasted Squash - nice, tender, and sweetChocolate & Chesnut Bread Pudding - tasty, on the drier sideBoozy Affogato - delicious!It came out to $80 a piece including tip. By no means is either of us a cheap date.
Stunning. Subtle. Solid.Frances. Wow. I'd been wanting to try this place since it opened and despite the hype and wait, Frances still blew me away.Service: Smart - Server wasn't too obtrusive as he realized we were in a meeting.Food: Phenomenal - Every dish here is carefully constructed with lots of thought, love, and quality you can taste.Standouts: Market Shot - More like a small sipper, fun, and very non-alcoholicBavette Steak - The caramelized onions almost steal the show from the perfectly tender steak slices. Classically paired with creamy, perfected-roasted new potatoes.Choc-almond Clafoutis! - WHOA. If everyone tried this, it would make the world a better place. Salted caramel/chocolate/dessert lovers - please get this.Special thanks to Patrick (manager?) for being so gracious to my dining request! Sorry we sat at the table for so long!Know Before You Go: If you want to walk in, come right at 5, chances are there will already be a few waiting.STEAL for what you get!$$200 for 2 glasses wine, bacon beignets, pate appetizer, 3 market shots, duck, steak, sea bass, clafoutis!
It's rare that I write a review immediately after I've visited a place because 1. I'm lazy2. See no. 1And I probably write a review for 1 out of every 7 establishments that I visit - not because I'm picky, but because See no. 2. With that said, my experience at Frances was so dope that I felt compelled to write about it asap. To say that I am enamored by this place is an understatement. Their menu is simple.  1 piece of papel. No forehead crinkle or massaging of the temples from the absurd amount of choices you have to eliminate before the final decision. If you were dining w/a party of 4, you could each order 1 of the main entrees, try a piece of each and say that you've had everything at Frances and call it a day. bouchees:Panisse Frites - $6.50 French Toast Stick lookin Chickpea fritters w/a crispy outershell, smooth and creamy inside, and served with a chili and black olive aioli dip. If deep fried is yo steez, this is your order.Applewood Smoke Bacon Beignets - $6.50Not too doughy, just enough bacon, right amount of crunch - but would be naked w/out the Maple Chive Creme Fraiche.We skipped appetizers. But it didn't stop the kitchen from bringing us 2 delicious appetizers (Winter Citrus Salad $10 & Dungeness Crab Risotto $13) with the comment: "We know you didn't order these, but humor us anyway. On the house."Oh Frances, I could humor you all nite if that's how you roll in this relationship.Now 4 dishes deep, we still had our main entrees coming. My friend ordered the California Halibut, $28, and I had the Duck Breast $27. Both savory and served at a temperature that proved it was fresh off the coals. The Halibut was firm and slightly sweet, and the Duck was rich and complete w/some crispy charred skin.At this point I was wishing I had worn my Mervyn's sweats to Frances. (See my review for a better explanation of the sweats here: yelp.com/biz/arizmendi-b ) But the nite was not over yet. My favorite part of the meal was left: Dessert. Lumberjack Cake - $8 Served warm, it had a Christmasy feel to it: appley-spicey-gingerbready and moist. Accompanied by it's less muted pairing - maple-walnut ice cream. My friend liked the ice cream, but I could've went without.Chocolate Almond 'Clafoutis' - $8.50 Oh my god. Fck the nonsense I would come back here just for this cake alone. A warm chocolate cake w/carmelized banana in the middle, burnt caramel poured on top, more carmelized bananas on the side and salted caramel ice cream. Fckin-A I swear. Killin me thinkin about it.Sht, this is turning into one of them long ass reviews. I hate that. But one more thing. Their house wine. Served in 18oz pitchers, you pay for what you pour at $1 an ounce. We had their red and finished the whole pitcher.Seems in some reviews service was a hit or miss - but my experience here was definitely on point. The staff were more than attentive and helpful. Overall Frances is well deserving of their Michelin star. I will be back w/my Mervyn's sweats.
Frances - After trying to snag a reservation for many many months I was thrilled when I finally scored a reservation. Yes it was at 5:45pm; however, considering it was Thanksgiving Eve it was the perfect night for an early dinner. I decided the perfect dining partner for this special reservation was my foodie friend Kate. She's an SF local who's always up on the newest restaurants or bars in SF, Wine Country & the Bay Area who I love to compare notes with on Restaurants, Bars and Wineries. Upon arriving, we immediately decided we wanted to try everything plus the fabulous House Red Wine. Since it was unrealistic to try everything, we decided to try a wide array of options within each of the Menu Sections. We were also lucky enough to meet the Chef Melissa Perello who couldn't have been nicer. What a down to earth cool woman. I enjoyed my visit so much I have already made a reservation to return in January. Thanks again Melissa and your team for a lovely first visit to Frances. I plan to return many more times in the future.  3870 17th St. San Francisco, CA. 94114. 415-621-3870.Bouchees: Apple wood Smoked Bacon Beignets a MUST have & the Grilled Beet Salad. For someone who thought they didn't like Beets this salad proved me wrong. It was so FABULOUS. I was tempted to order a second.Appetizers: Roasted Cauliflower Panzanella & the Tagliatelle with Mushrooms, Pancetta, Stinging Nettle & Grana Padano. The Tagliatelle was my FAVORITE dish on the menu.Entree: We shared the Five-Dot Bavette Steak with Toasted Farro, Lacinato Kale & Creamed Cipollino Onion. It was the perfect portion for two to share (especially if you want to try a few Bouches, Appetizers and Dessert like we did).Dessert: Apple Croissant Pasty & a Chocolate Torte Dessert. They were both delicious and we agreed the Apple Croissant Pastry was our favorite!Frances - After trying to snag a reservation for many many months I was thrilled when I finally scored a reservation. Yes it was at 5:45pm; however, considering it was Thanksgiving Eve it was the perfect night for an early dinner. I decided the perfect dining partner for this special reservation was my foodie friend Kate. She's an SF local who's always up on the newest restaurants or bars in SF, Wine Country & the Bay Area who I love to compare notes with on Restaurants, Bars and Wineries. Upon arriving, we immediately decided we wanted to try everything plus the fabulous House Red Wine. Since it was unrealistic to try everything, we decided to try a wide array of options within each of the Menu Sections. We were also lucky enough to meet the Chef Melissa Perello who couldn't have been nicer. What a down to earth cool woman. I enjoyed my visit so much I have already made a reservation to return in January. Thanks again Melissa and your team for a lovely first visit to Frances. I plan to return many more times in the future.  3870 17th St. San Francisco, CA. 94114. 415-621-3870.The JetSetting FashionistaJSFashionista.comjsfashionista.com/san-fr
Frances is an incredible neighborhood restaurant that is worth every bit of the hype it's been getting. It's small and very difficult to get reservations to (and rightly so), but if you can get yourself in, then you're in for an experience that really showcases why SF is the pinnacle of fresh, contemporary American cuisine.Bacon beignet = Delicious with the perfect amount of bacon flavor.Grilled calamari = Fresh and tasty. Calamari was excellently cooked.Dungeness crab salad = Very fresh.Steak = Perfectly cooked steak with a ton of flavor.Risotto = Excellent.Brussels Sprouts = Not too oily, which was great. Loved this.Squash = This was just okay. Flavors didn't pop out as much as I would've liked.Malva Cake = Rich and sweet. This was great.Maple ice cream = Excellent.House Red wine = Incredible. I loved the "pay for what you drink" method.Our server, Bobi, was friendly and knowledgeable. The service was excellent.My favorite part: everything cost about $50 a person, including tax & tip. Frances is an awesome restaurant that SF can really be proud of. It demonstrates what San Franciscan cuisine is all about, all at prices that more than justifies the experience that you get.
This 5 star is for the host, Patrick! Lol! Kidding aside, it would take OVER a month to get a reservation at Frances. Patrick was patient enough to accommodate all my changes. Our exchanges started on May and ended up having the reservation just last weekend (July!) Thank you thank you Patrick!Food was great. I loved how my Lamb was prepared with squash and ricotta. My partner's smoked Steelhead Trout was lovely. The applewood smoked bacon Beignets is a MUST TRY. Oh try Almond crostata for dessert ... yum!My partner and i love dining out .. and we try to go to different restaurants every week ... we try not to visit the same restaurant twice UNLESS ... the food is something AWESOME OR we had a very pleasant experience like this one, at Frances :)
Believe it or not, my husband and I had never heard of Frances. We had tickets to the Lion King on Friday night, and were really early. We decided to go to Streetlight in the Castro, and then find dinner. The guys at Streetlight suggested the burger place down the street, but it really wasn't what I was looking for. So, we hopped on Yelp to see if there was something better around. Frances was the first thing on the list. Being 2 blocks away from where we were, we said, lets try it. We walked in at 5:15 pm on a Friday night, and were seated with no issue. Apparently there was a last minute cancellation. They took my coat, offered us water and gave us some yummy almonds.We had the beet salad, the beignets, the persimmon salad, the crab risotto, the steak and the lumberjack cake. Everything was tasty and fresh. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. It was a wonderful experience... and we had no idea that we were eating at a Michelin star restaurant! I was impressed by Frances, and was so happy to have found it. Don't know if we will ever make it back, but I would definitely try to get in again if I was hungry in the Castro again! I loved the local seasonal food choices and honestly, I have to figure out how they made that steak. It was awesome.Thanks for making my experience so lovely!
There's a 2.5 month wait for a dinner reservation? This better be worth it! Sure enough, Frances was well worth the wait. Two friends and I had reservations here last night (Sunday, July 11) at 8:30pm. We arrived 15 minutes early and because the restaurant is so small (think 40 or so capacity), there was still a dinner party sitting there. The dinner party had left and our table was set up by 8:30pm or so and we were promptly seated.APPETIZER: ($6.50 each)*Panisse Frites (4 pieces) - Delicious lightly battered, deep fried chickpea fritters served with a lemon aioli sauce (make sure you use the lemon wedge, as it perfectly complements the frites)*Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets (5 pieces) - Yum, everything is better with bacon! The beignets were light with a slight bacon and chive taste and was served with a ranch type sauce*Grilled Calamari - Good, this dish is like a mini salad. Mini pieces of calamari is served with beans, olives, and greens with a tangy like dressing*Dungeness Crab Salad - YUM!! Generous amounts of Dungeness crabmeat was sprinkled on top of lettuce greens and tomatoes and tossed with a vinaigrette dressing*White Corn Soup - Good, but it seemed like you had a hard time finding the corn kernels in a corn soup. The soup was creamy and I think it tasted a little like a thick, creamy pesto sauce like soupENTRE:*Crepe Cannelloni ($17 for 3 pieces) - Delicious! The cannelloni contained leeks, spinach and Chevre cheese and served on top of Maitake mushrooms. The crepe skin was thin and the ingredients all complemented each otherDRINK: *Strawberry Fizz ($10) - YUMMY!! A delicious blend of strawberry, sparkling wine, and crushed ice was quite refreshing. It was so delish, I ordered 2!*Still or sparkling waterDESSERT:*Bittersweet Chocolate Pot de Crme ($7.50)-Omg, HEAVEN in a pot!! A small pot (more like a jar) of bittersweet chocolate mousse was served with bing cherries, a dollop of whipped cream and served with 3 chocolate cookies - simply delicious!!*Almond Crostata ($7)- Yum, the fruit tart like dessert was not too sweet and went perfectly with the Humprhy Slocombe English Thyme ice creamSERVICE:Great service and great attention to detail! We were greeted upon walking in and even given menus to look through while we waited. While they set up our table, they even fluffed up the bench pillows. Our waiter constantly checked on us without being too overbearing and made sure our glasses of water were filled.PARKING:Because Frances is located in the Castro/Market Street area, parking can be difficultA shout out to the guy next to us who requested us to turn our phone flash off because it was bothering you, STFU and mind your business. It wouldn't have been bothering you if you weren't staring at our table.
When a co-worker asked me one day, "Have you been to Frances? It's the most sought-after reservation in SF.", I admittedly took the bait and logged onto Open Table to make a reservation. And quite frankly, I'm unashamedly glad that I did. The menu at Frances is simple, and I don't mean that negatively. There are only ever a few items available in each course. It's most definitely about quality, not quantity. Menu changes regularly, which is all the more reason to come back..! On this particular visit, the hubby & I ordered: - Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Creme Fraiche and Chive. This dish lives up to the hype and then some. Crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside - a perfect duet. - Parmesan and Ricotta Gnocchi - Boccalone pancetta, chanterelles, napa cabbage. The gnocchi was light and flavorful. The pancetta and chanterelles were perfect complements to the gnocchi. - Five Dot Ranch steak - YUM. - Braised Liberty Farm Duck Leg - The duck was really tender and moist. And though I don't eat much butter beans or olives, both really rounded out the dish. Great flavors. - 'Lumberjack Cake' - apples, Medjool dates, and maple-nut ice cream. Just the perfect portion after an already filling meal. Not overly sweet, either. Bread is available upon request. Just flag down one of the uber-accommodating wait staff. Table was cleaned (not just cleared) after every course, which I have to say, I'm a sucker for. I've heard the wines are fairly decent, but we went with the $1-per-ounce option and it was great! They serve Humphry Slocombe ice cream and Blue Bottle Coffee. [score!] The location is truly a neighborhood gem; you'd easily pass it by if you're not paying attention. Parking can be a b!tch, but you might get lucky, especially if you have a later rez. Overall, it was a simply wonderful experience. Two enthusiastic thumbs up..!
We didn't have a reservation, so we were excited about sitting at the counter for our early dinner.  The server was wonderful, the house wine was great, and the veggie dish was yuuuummmy! I recommend this place to anyone looking for a dining experience delivered with attention to detail. I'll be back!
YES.So, so good. Frances nailed the ambience as well as the food. The space, acoustics, and lighting are exceptionally well thought through - a beautiful, casual, bustling environment where you can still hear the conversation of your a dinner date. The house red wine ($1/oz) is also excellent. The food was simple, lovely, and done very well, focusing on letting the texture and flavor characteristics of quality ingredients really stand out. We especially loved:+ the grilled calamari+ the panisse chickpea frittes with caponata+ the bavette steak w/salsa verde+ the wine+ the acme levain bread and butterI would not want portions to be any bigger: we ordered 2 bouchees, 2 entrees, and a dessert and it was perfect for 2. Any more would have been excessive.
Frances has been getting a lot of media attention lately, and by media attention, I mean raving reviews written by various food critics that make you drool before you even attempt to make a reservation. So yes, the expectation is extremely high.Four of us were able to get a table on a weekday night. 5:30 is a little early, but when we went in, half of the restaurant was filled already. Space is very limited and demand is certainly high, so they cram a bunch of little tables together. So once you are seated, you better not want to take a bathroom break until the meal is over. The decor is beautiful. You can see the rather quiet street with trees outside the large windows, and tables and seats are simple and tastefully decorated. It's elegant, but definitely not stuffy. You don't feel like you have entered a pricey restaurant, but perhaps a good friend who is a professional interior decorator invited you in. And by the way, your friend just so happens to be an amazing cook too. Onto what really matters: the delicious food! We couldn't decide on what to order, since we were first-timers and weren't sure about portion sizes. And everything on the menu looked so good. So we shared the bacon beignets, which were so doughy and delicious like donuts, but definitely not as greasy. The grilled calamari is very light but you can still savor the subtle citrus flavors. The chickpea fritters were my favorite. I can't even describe the taste, but they were really awesome, tasty and not overly fried. For appetizers, we shared the crab salad which is also light and delicious. The chestnut soup which every food critic seems to love is really darn good. It's not heavy but you can definitely taste the nice nuttiness. For entrees my friends had the scallops and steak while I opted for something light, the gnocchi, which is actually an appetizer. Gnocchi was cheesy and delicious, but probably not as memorable or outstanding like the appetizers we had.We had no room for dessert after a full meal, unfortunately. The bill was a bit higher than I expected---I guess the little dishes do add up. Food plus a bottle of champagne was $166 before tips. I would love to come back, but I am sure reservations will only become harder to get, as I imagine many first-time diners will want to come back again and again like I do.
My last meal of the year, my last meal of the decade. Luckily I made reservations ahead of time. If it weren't already highly anticipated enough because of Melissa Perello's first foray on her own, it was New Year's Eve. We were running a bit on the late side, I called to inform them and even after that we waited a good 15-20 minutes. The space is actually not that big; some would call intimate, filled with the booming conversation around us. There's a small bar area to the left of the entrance and exactly one circular table on the opposite side for a group of 4-5 to the right. The dining area lines the long hallway space on the right side and the kitchen with it's small pass/service window adjacent. We were seated pretty tightly in the middle of the main area. The place was packed and it was already starting to show that the service was slammed. They only do wine and wine based cocktails for alcohol so we got a Syrah and one of their specialty drinks the Bitter Orange. Man that Orange drink was addictive. I could have polished many of those things. After perusing the menu we went with:-Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets w/ Creme Fraiche and Chive-Chestnut Soup - Roasted Cipollini Onions, Pancetta-Semolina Gnocchi - Duck Confit, Braised Cavolo Nero-Slow Roasted Beef - Creamed Winter Greens, Potato Puree-Skate Wing - Brussel Sprouts, ChrorizoThe food was fantastic. Chef Perello lives up to her Aqua and Fifth Floor lineage. The service was a bit slow in between courses and we knew that from the beginning as the kitchen was slammed. The food was five stars but the staffing I think needs to be beefed up if they're going to be packed wall to wall this like all the time. Im definitely looking forward to going back, I just hope the craziness dies down a bit. 4.5 stars
One of the best meals I've had in a while. Had the bacon balls, grilled beets, duck, and carrots. Every dish was amazing.
I happened to be in the Castro with a friend and decided to see if we could score any kind of seating at Frances. There were two seats left at the counter wedged in a corner that looked painfully confining. However, luck was on our side and they had a no-show reservation (always rude) and we got the two person table up at the front.My friend started with the beet salad, which he said was good. I only tried the base which seemed like a cottage cheese relative. I had the bacon beignets (5 of them) and at first they seemed rather salty, but when the creme fraiche was put on - it all came together. My friend tried them and said they were better than the beet salad.My friend had the steak for the entree and I had the duck breast. The duck breast was perfectly cooked, but what made the dish was the kale, kuri squash, rome apple and huckleberries. What am amazing combination! I tried my friend's steak and it seemed very good as well. We also were served butter bean ragout. And that was so very good as well.Alas, we did not have room for dessert although I wanted to. Next time, I would order the bacon beignets to split and then order one dessert instead of two small starters.Verdict: a Michelin one-star restaurant that actually lives up to the hype unlike say La Costanera. Looking forward to trying it again in the future.
I want to LOVE this place given how much praise its gotten by foodies; but guiltily feel like it just doesn't quite do it for me. Space has its charm, staff is very attentive and knowledgeable of their product. I think the food is good and well prepared but after eating there several times nothing really makes me want to extoll their virtues to the world as a must try dish. Solid restaurant but maybe not something I would crave for as my last meal if the world was ending.
We had to make reservations 2 months in advance to get in here, and it was definitely worth it. I'm already looking forward to my next visit and the 2-month wait time isn't enough to deter me.The restaurant is small, sparsely decorated (but with nice lighting), and cozy - perhaps even a little too cozy. The tables are very close together and even though it's loud, it's impossible to not listen to the conversations going on at the next table. During dinner, we even engaged in conversation with people seated at tables on both sides of us. Depending on your mood and conversation, this could be a good thing or a bad thing.I loved most of the food that we ordered:- Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - warm, crispy, and moist inside- Roasted Beet Salad - oranges were good, but the beets tasted a little too much like they came out of a can- Roasted Artichoke Soup - creamy and satisfying- Ricotta Gnocchi - good gnocchi, excellent ragout surrounding it- Watson Farm Spring Lamb - excellent - Organic Chicken - exceptional (the winning dish of the evening)- Tangerine "Creamsicle" - lovely combination of sweet and citrus- Buttermilk Panna Cotta - fresh, light, and deliciousAnother plus: the house wine is sold in a very unique way. It's $1 per ounce and the carafes the wine come in have tick marks every 2 ounces so you can keep track of how much you're drinking.Based on the food and the atmosphere, I'd give Frances 4 to 4.5 stars, but what pushes them to 5 stars in my book is the service. All of the servers were friendly and more than accommodating. I made a little outcry when my chicken toppled over when the server set it down, so they took it back to the kitchen to have it rearranged for me. Later, the sommelier saw us taking pictures and asked us where he could see them and took the time to make conversation with us even though the place was still busy.One downside I can see to the place: the space is small and they reserve a few seats at the front of the restaurant for walk-ins. Because it gets so crowded at the front, they leave the door open for people to spill out onto the sidewalk. Even at the back of the restaurant, the noise from the crowd and the cold air bothered me. I would have hated to be at a table right up in the thick of the crowd by the open door.So, don't miss Frances, but make reservations and ask for a table in the back (or bring a sweater!).
My wife and I dined at Frances on Saturday, January 18, which happened to be my birthday, and had a lovely time. The staff was warm and welcoming, very informative and very accommodating. The tables are placed rather closely together but on both sides of us the patrons were friendly so it worked out well.The food was very good - I want to say "terrific" but each dish missed the mark ever so slightly [squeezes two fingers together]. We started with the winter vegetable croquettes, which were lovely: warm, flavorful and not in the least greasy (they are quickly deep-fried). My wife had the beet salad, which she loved, and I had the squid linguine with bottarga, which, for me, was the hit of the evening.It was the main courses where the kitchen stumbled: I had the duck with potato confit, escarole and grape mostarda and, as delicious as it was, the addition of the grapes added a somewhat dissonant note, as if that one extra touch was one touch too many. Likewise, my wife had the crab risotto with celery root confit and it was served with celery leaves, making the dish far more about the celery than the crab, which, being delicate, was kind of lost in the mix. Again, it was that one extra touch being one touch too many.I'd definitely return - the pluses far, far outweigh the minuses - but I'd like the kitchen to self-edit just a bit and let the ingredients speak more loudly for themselves. Taken alone each ingredient in the dishes was wonderful but the "extra" wound up dis-incorporating dishes that should have been spectacular.
It's... good. I can understand its charm, even, and it's eye-popping 4.5 Yelp stars and one Michelin star. It's indeed very San Francisco (for whatever that's worth). But I don't think deserving of its reputation as one of the hottest, most difficult-to-score reservations in town. And it's *absolutely* not worth cramming into the bar area for after a long wait.I'm not at all trying to be contrarian, as I desperately wanted to love this place and be blown away, especially since I brought a friend from out of town here to try it with. That said, I also didn't go in with the loftiest of expectations, either, having mulled over the scant negative reviews of the restaurant beforehand. But my gripes were both broad and significant:1. The serviceIt's stand off-ish, as multiple reviewers have mentioned already. We came on a not-too-busy Sunday night around 7 pm, nevertheless prepared to wait up to 2 hours for seats at the bar. We easily waited 5 full minutes before someone on the staff acknowledged our presence. For a Michelin-starred restaurant that, while certainly not overpriced with entrees in the common $20-$30 range, clearly fancies itself among the best restaurants in SF, such a lapse in service right off the bat is inexcusable. My friend and I went to the Cheesecake Factory the night before and felt more welcomed there.As for the rest of the table service, it was consistent but underwhelming. For top-flight, attentive service -- where your glass/carafe of water won't remain empty for more than a few minutes before someone notices -- in a similarly casual San Franciscan restaurant, go to Delfina. Moreover, while it should be noted that we were sitting at the bar and not a table, one would expect that with a full menu should come full service. Credit does go to the staff, however, for refilling the delicious Acme sourdough slice by slice without prompting.2. The entreesI'll say outright that the starters and appetizers were delicious. The now-famous bacon beignets are perfect, especially with the creme fraiche and roasted almonds with which to alternate bites. We also enjoyed the grapefruit and butter lettuce salad, and to also be completely fair the highly-recommended spugnole pasta with sausage and mushrooms wasn't available when we went. Maybe having this would have changed my lingering perception of the food entirely, a sort of food recall bias.But the entrees... sigh. My friend had the duck, I had the steak, and we shared a side of brussel sprouts with bacon lard-ons and chestnuts. The sprouts were the most disappointing, allegedly roasted but instead almost caramelized with a resulting smushy, boiled-like texture. More than once my friend and I each mistook a chestnut for a brussel sprout OR for a piece of bacon fat, the consistency and appearance of each being nearly all the same. As for the meats, by the time they arrived I already didn't expect anything remarkable, but they were both rather forgettable. A comparable restaurant with much tastier meats is Chapeau!. And, for my money (and, incidentally, for less money than here) the full range of savory food at the House in North Beach doesn't just surpass the food here: it blows it away.The redeeming qualities of the dinner were what most reviewers here have otherwise pointed to already: namely, the Lumberjack Cake and the warm, spiced house wine. But it was very disappointing nevertheless that such a well-regarded -- and new -- restaurant with an otherwise non-descript and self-consciously "simple" and "unpretentious" atmosphere could come across as cold and even the slightest bit above its guests.
The perfect dinner combination:* applewood bacon beignets* parsnip soup* sonoma duck breast w/ ricotta gnocchis* chocolate torte* and a cute date!
Best house wine ever - a blend of syrah, grenache, and cab. And it's $1/ounce! We tried the bacon beignets, albondigas (very tender and delicious moorish spice seasoning), grilled calamari (really fresh and tender) from the bouchees part of the menu.From the appetizers, we had the chestnut soup (yummy pancetta) and the chicory salad (quite a hefty salad with tasty almonds and persimmons).For our entree, we shared the slow cooked beef with kale, potatoes and fried onions. For a second day of this new restaurant, service was excellent and can only get better. The ambiance is nice and intimate, and the noise level easy for conversation.I had Chef Melissa Perello's cooking at Fifth Floor, and it's nice to taste some of her more casual food, yet still complex and refined. I'm sure this place will do just fine.
My first visit was shortly after they opened. I have been back twice and would not return even if the meal was free. Why? Because the noise level is unbearable. It was impossible to have a conversation with my dining partner. I was almost unable to communicate with the waiter!I spoke to the manager about it and was told that they were looking into solutions, but it was complicated and expensive. Really? How complicated would it be to turn off the music? That wouldn't be a complete solution, but it would reduce the noise level at no cost to them. I don't think anyone could hear or enjoy the music. It just added a thump to the noise level.This is a new restaurant - why didn't they consider the noise level in the design and material choices?My idea of fine dining does not include shouting myself hoarse or having my ears ringing the next day.
Went again and this time I got it.Went with a friend who goes often, and she told me that my choices from last time were rather unfortunate. The thing that stood out the most for me was the quail. Also loved the market shots. I think i also had the duck breast. Anyway, it's been a while, but I wanted to add this to my mediocre review from last time.Also, it helped that this time I had a different waiter who felt very nice, and not the one from last time (who was helping a different part of the place but still looked obnoxious).
Okay, maybe my expectations were too high but when you've been featured in Conde Nast and it takes two months to get a reservation before 9:45 pm, I'm expecting to have my sock knocked off. (Service was definitely 5 stars.)I think our first mistake was that we didn't order the bacon beignets. We had stuffed our faces at Bacon Bacon truck so I got the clams and my boyfriend got the garlic soup. I thought the garlic soup was better than the clams but he didn't care for either. Our second mistake was that we didn't order the wine by the ounce. I had steak and he halibut so didn't make sense to get one of each. Maybe that might have helped the meal. Finally we didn't order dessert since the rest of the meal was eh... okay. It's really loud and can't really have a conversation.It's a nice neighborhood restaurant at best and not really worth the wait to get reservations.
I love this place. Their service is so hospitable, the food is solid, the atmosphere is warm and comfortable. I like sitting at the bar facing the kitchen - the matre d or sommelier has always been super friendly and gracious.
Very difficult to find a parking around the restaurant. I think the service was amazingly great. But unfortunately, the service was the best part. Since we came to experience such a highly regarded restaurant, we ordered a lot of food for three of us. Beignet was ok but chestnut soup was very flavorful. Crab Tagliatelle was ok. For main entries, we ordered Five-Dot Bavette steak, Red Trout, and Mushroom casserole. I think Casserole was the most flavorful dish while other two were ok. Trout was very fresh and the meat was very tender but I was not impressed with the flavor and presentation. We tried Fritters and Torte for desert and they were very good. The overall environment and staffs were fantastic. I guess I was expecting a lot waiting for two months.
What an excellent surprise. A friend and I were in the city for the day to kill some time and turned to yelp last minute to find somewhere to eat nearby. We always look for 4.5 stars and up and this place was the only one within walking distance that made our cut. Strolled up around 430 on Saturday to find a small line of people waiting to get in without reservations at 5 when Frances opens. We'd never heard of it and asked the people waiting if it was worth the wait. Everyone had tried for reservations and failed and couldn't wait to get in. They said, just wait and you'll see, trust us. Boy are we glad we waited. What an amazing dinner! We shared the cucumber with sunflower seed tahini and the tagliatelle with chicken, tomatoes, olives, and other delicious things. Then my friend had the quail, her first time having quail, and she loved it. I had the vegetable cassoulet and it was amazing too! I also had the market shot (watermelon and other market goodies today) and the cava-peach cocktail, both delicious. We finished up the meal with the lumberjack apple "cake" with maple ice cream and the chocolate walnut "brownie" with salted caramel ice cream. EPIC. Service was fabulous as expected and had tried everything beforehand so they could give a fully educated suggestion as to what to eat, etc. I will be returning as soon as winter sets in to try their ever-changing menu. Just fabulous!
Finally made it to Frances. We may have not done the three-months-in-advance reservation to get a good dinner time, hence, why we ended up with a 9:45pm reservation on a Sunday...which was also my birthday.The night started with a text from Frances - yes, a text message - letting me know we could have a table as early as 9:15pm. We started with drinks, followed by the night specials of cornbread and duck liver. The housemade coffee was great and my server whipped up a special cocktail for me as the main ingredient to a drink off the menu was not available. Cornbread was good and the liver was great but they gave us so much of it! We ate tons of Acme bread as we waited a long time for our entrees.For entrees, we did Grilled Quail and Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak. Both were good but not amazing.Dessert - with a birthday candle - was the delicious "Lumberjack" cake. The cake was the best item we had off the menu.Not sure if I would do Frances again unless I get an easy reservation at a usual dining time.
As you may know, fried okra is my most favorite thing ever. And Frances made some good ones on Saturday!Yes, there's still kind of a wait before the entree. And yes, it's kind of noisy... but Frances is just really good, NORMAL food! Not too fancy but delicious, so I like to look at their menu and think about trying to recreate some of the dishes at home...
The service here is great: attentive and friendly host, warm servers, happy bussers. The space is definitely pretty tiny so don't come here with more than 4 people, and ideally, you should come here with just 1 other person.Now for the food...I actually walked away rather unsatisfied but I slept on it and decided that it was really 1 dish that cast a pallor over my experience. Thus, I should remove that from the equation (with a footnote) and be happy with my experience.-Chilled asparagus soup: the flavor alone wouldn't have sunk this dish but the addition of fromage blanc and "spring onions" (spring onions whatever...it was just red onion slivers) ruined my soup. the onions are too strong a flavor for the asparagus, and for chilled soup, who wants a chunk of cold, gooey cheese at the bottom? No one. Soup fail.+Chickpea frites: pretty amazing little lincoln logs of chickpea mash served up with meyer lemon aioli. yum :)+Roasted almonds with rosemary: way to go rosemary!+Spring lamb: the braised lamb "cake" at the bottom was fantastic, the roasted lamb loin was...so-so. grilled baby artichokes and butter beans can swim on my plate any day though.+dessert: chocolate mousse delight, and pretty good panna cotta once i poured the over abundance of strawberry syrup off the top
Delicious: Chocolate Almond 'Clafoutis' with Almond Ice CreamHouse wine by the ounce!?! Bacon Beignets?!? Done and done!Fabulous little gem hidden a few blocks from the main Castro strip, I think I've found my latest love. We enjoyed their delicious clafoutis while people watching by the giant windows. Though today's wikipedia defines a clafoutis as a "baked French dessert of black cherries arranged in a buttered dish and covered with a thick flan-like batter," France's version reminded me more like a chocholate cherry lava cake, complete with molten center. The concentrated slightly-tart cherry halves complimented the chocolate beautifully, and the ice cream was standalone wonderful, just a hint of almond brightness surrounded in a sea of burnt caramel sauce.Absolutely Fantastic.
Service was impeccable! And we got seating at the bar without reservation around 5:30pm. Excellent. Now the food.We got the bacon beignets and calamari salad for the bouchees. They were perfect complement to each other considering one was very heavy and one was very light. Bacon beignets- was delicious and I hate bacon, but the bacon here was incorporated well into the beignets dough mixture making it into an unforgettable taste!Calamari was light and refreshing.Entree:I got the duck breast- it was a bit overcooked because it was tougher than usual, but the polenta and the vegetables definitely blend well with the duck, paired with rivera red wine was definitely a great choice.My friend got the steak, and it was cooked perfectly.Dessert:We got the palnea cotta and the lumberjack cake. THE LUMBERJACK CAKE WAS SO GOOD THAT I THINK I WILL GIVE IT A FIVE IN MY BLOG!! It looked plain like a fruitcake, but the taste was unforgettable. Definitely need to try it! It wasn't so sweet that it overpowers your palette, and the ice cream that comes with it was a great addition!This place is definitely on the pricey side, but they definitely deserve their michelin star and it is worth it to splurge here!
Frances received ONE Michelin star in The Michelin Guide for 2011 so it's worth a visit; however, be prepared for a wait time of about 2 months for a reservation (unless someone cancels). They also have unreserved bar seating for walk-ins but the seats are very limited. I think I only saw about 6-10 seats so I would recommend that you make a reservation if you really want to eat here.The restaurant is pretty small ("L" shape layout). Small bar on the left when you walk in. Reserved seats along the wall - making up the long part of the "L" shape. The servers are attentive. Water glass never empty. New silverware for each course. Dress code is pretty casual - nothing fancy. Please note that the tables are pretty close together so you will not have much privacy.Here are some dishes to consider when you visit this restaurant:***What's great***(1) Grilled Asparagus Salad - Baby Mustard Greens, Aged Balsamic Vinegar, Crisp ShallotsIMPRESSION: WOW, this was surprisingly flavorful. Don't miss out on this salad if you see it on the menu and don't dismiss it just because it is a salad (GET IT).(2) Caramelized Atlantic Scallops - Sumchoke Puree, Roasted Fennel & Nicoise OliveIMPRESSION: Yummy in the tummy - every part of this dish was great (too bad you only get three scallops)***What's good***(3) House Wine served in a pitcher with markersIMPRESSION: pay per ounce is a neat idea so drink up! I tried the red and it was pretty good.(4) Organic Chicken - Semolina Gnocchi, Trumpet Mushrooms, Spring Vegetable RagoutIMPRESSION: chicken was soft and tender (not dry at all); veggies could have been more tastier but they weren't bad; gnocchi was scattered around the dish (main focus was the chicken that was nicely sliced into palm-size circles)(5) Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Creme Fraiche & Chive - they are known for this boucheeIMPRESSION: pretty tasty but bacon lovers may think it lacks significant bacon flavors; the maple creme fraiche & chive was a great complement to the beignets(6) Panisse Frites - Crispy Chickpea Fritters, Lemon & Block Olive AioliIMPRESSION: interesting rectangular cut fritters (you get four of these fritters in every order); be sure to squeeze the lemon on these fritters to enhance the taste when you dip them into the lemon & block olive aioli!(7) "Lumberjack" Cake - Lady Apple, Medjool Dates, Humphry Slocombe Maple-Walnut Ice CreamIMPRESSION: what a combo of flavors for a cake! it was moist with medium density; the maple-walnut ice cream was yummy too.(8) Sauteed Broccoli di Cicco - "Wagon Wheel" FondutaIMPRESSION: slightly salty but still pretty good; make sure you dip the broccoli in the sauce that is at the bottom of this bowl.***What's just okay***(9) Chocolate & Ricotta Mousse - Visciole Roasted Burlat Cherries, Pistachio & Creme Fraiche, Chocolate Sea Salt CookiesIMPRESSION: eh...just okay - nothing too spectacular to write about.(10) Trottoloni Pasta - Asparagus, Meyer Lemon, Mascarpone & Toasted WalnutsIMPRESSION: hmm...not much of an impression - seemed like just plain-o-pasta (or perhaps it's because i tried this just after taking a bite of the WONDERFUL Asparagus Salad?)BTW, the menu varies slightly everyday but I believe the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets are a staple on the menu.I'd definitely return for the asparagus salad and the caramelized scallops.
What a birthday surprise my honey presented to me. I thought we were going to hang out with our friends for happy hour. But when I met him, he said change of plans and were going somewhere else. Confused, I asked him "where?". "Frances. Happy Birthday!" I was totally shocked.We arrived 30 minutes early for our reservation, in which they were able to seat us within several minutes. Starting off with the chicken liver mousse was a great opener. The serving was huge, a size of scoop of ice cream. The mousse was slightly sweet and did not have iron tasted. So good,that my honey, who doesn't like liver, also enjoyed it. Eating more of it than I did. Our next dish was the wild mushroom crepe.  This was a very savory dish, as it oozed the taste of butter. All good.I followed with the lamb dish and my hon got the dish confit. We shared a beet salad. Both dishes were excellent. The lamb was cooked perfectly and didn't have a game taste. The duck confit was tender and moist. The beet salad was actually a great accompaniment. The acid from the dressing helped clear my taste buds, so that each bite of my lamb was like a fresh taste. Dessert was the panna cotta and the apricot cake. Both were good, though I preferred the panna cotta. And with dessert done, it capped a perfect birthday dinner. Price wise, I didn't think it was that expensive. Definitely a place you would want to come with significant other, as it small and seating limited. Have a reservation as the walk-in had to wait over 1 hour before they could be seated at the bar.
Loved it. Supposedly this is one the more difficult SF restaurants to get into, just because the food is so good and the space is not able to accomodate a large amount of people. Recommend reservations, even though you may have to wait up to a month to get them. Its well worth the wait. We saw people without reservations waiting for quite some time to get a table, and when they did get seated, it was in the bar area. Service was excellent. The host was very helpful with drink selections while we waited for a table. We actually swapped the menu around. We split the mushroom crepe, which was actually an entree for an appetizer. Very rich and with an explosion of mushroom taste. Also tried the chicken liver mousse as an appetizer. Now, I'm not usually a fan of liver, but this spread was very mild on liver taste and had a very warm, creamy texture. I couldn't get enough of it. It tasted like a light, smooth version of foie grois. I ordered the duck confit for an entree. The sauce was very fragrant and had champagne grapes cooked with it. It paired very well. We shared a beet salad (which was an appetizer) as a side with our entree. It had the right balance of acid to balance it out.For dessert, honey penna cotta. Yum. The portions seemed small, like any other fine dining establishment, but I left so full. I guess they weren't that small after all. Highly recommend this place. Its so worth the 1 month wait.
The chess world had everyone looking for Bobby Fisher; and the food world had us looking for Melissa Perello after her stint in a restaurant located in a hotel pressing the "5" button in the elevator. She appears here! I don't know how my wife found her, but she did and I'm glad she did. We had my birthday dinner here. Chef Melissa hasn't lost her touch. Everything we had was tasty - chicken liver mousse (fluffy and smooth), steamed clams (mild garlic soup was yummy), slow roasted beef (it was really lean and tender); and the gnocchi (tender duck confit). The Valrhona ganache tart with olive oil ice cream was rich and the hidden candied citrus was a fresh surprise. For the wine: 06 Pinot Domaine Emile Juillott It was light, taste of berries and had a nice nose. The Blue bottle coffee served via Comex should be ordered a dish before one plans on eatting dessert. The coffee turned up after we had our dessert.The seating is tight, acoustics loud; and you'll need some patience finding parking. We had the early seating, but by the time we finished our dinner, the line was out the door. Reservations highly recommended. A definite go back place. It's very homey, service timely and food delicious. It's great to see Chef Melissa.
I have been thinking since last night that I ate here should I give it a 4 or 5 stars? I'm giving it 5 Stars since there is no option for 4.5 stars :)Everything was great here, The service is great, food is awesome, prices are reasonable ... the only issue I had was the fact that their Menu (main course) is limited. We had the onion dip, grilled calamari and little gem salad, all of which was great. For main course we had the Steak and the Quail Salad. The steak was one of the best I have ever had, portion wise might be considered small but I was satisfied, Quail Salad was great and I didn't expect that to be that good! For desert I had a lumber Jack cake, OMG! never expected it to be that good! over all the place is great! I will go back for more & more :)
On the up side... the steak was presented very well and was very tasty. I thought that the chocolate pear pudding for dessert was one of the nicest desserts that i have had but im sold with anything with chocolate in it!On the down side... the waiter was a bit of a doucebag. He barely acknowledged us for 20 minutes before giving us the menu. He served a bottle of red wine that basically had icicles on it which really took from the flavour and isn't really good enough for a $60 bottle of wine. That said overall i enjoyed this place...
Five stars for:Not taking itself too seriouslyTaking the food VERY seriouslyA great dining friendly atmosphereThe chicken liver mousseFrances is definitely a San Francisco dining must.Cocktails (refreshing and very drinkable):Apples & HoneyFoggy Summer FizzBouchees:Bacon beignetsPanisse fritesAppetizers:Chicken liver mousseRicotta gnocchiEntrees:Soul Food Farm chickenPan-Roasted Shishita PeppersDesserts:Bittersweet chocolate mousseAlmond and Semolina crostata
Nice place that's relatively quiet but still tough to get in, unless you're waiting outside when they open at 5pm. Everything here was very good - I had the beignets, pasta, beef, side order of artichoke, all worthy of trying. The market shots are cute little mixed shots that the bartender chooses every day.
I went to Frances with a party of four people. This was my second time dining there. I wasn't as impressed as my first time though I really enjoyed my herb stuffed guinea hen. Portions are small. I also thought that the portion size of the starters should have been more substantial. You only get 5 of the bacon beignets and they are very small to begin with. The server's recommendation was to order 4 starters and then share with everyone at the table. That's what we did. The chickpea fritters are small in size and you get just four of them. The taste was bland although the dipping sauce helped perk them up a bit. The grilled calamari portion was enough for just a taste for each person. We didn't finish it--it was bland. We also shared the gnocchi. They were very good. Two people had the grilled Albacore tuna and they enjoyed it. One had the wild mushroom crepes. They were a big hit. We had the almond and semolina crostata for dessert and liked it so much that we ordered another one to share.  The ice cream that it was served with was amazing. Brown butter and English thyme flavored ice cream. Who would of thunk? As other Yelpers have noted, the service is very good!
My boyfriend and I wanted to have dinner hear so badly! It took a month and a half wait for a 5pm reservation but it was SO worth the wait. House wine $1/ ounce is an amazing start to the meal. We order the salmon, cassoulet, cornbread with bacon butter, lumberjack cake and Meyer lemon trifle. Everything was amazing. Can't say enough for this restaurant!
Very pleasant evening dining at Frances. We had the delicious bacon beignets, calamari, corn with green harrissa,linguine, and finally the nectarine pavlova and the plum galette. Everything was very tasty and I found the ambiance and staff to be very warm and welcoming. Thank you, Frances.
was lucky enough to have dinner here the other day....made a reservation on open table for around 830pm and the place was still packed. as soon as we were greeted, the host apologetically told us that our reservation was actually for the following week! feeling like a fool i was ready to leave BUT he told us to sit tight and they would make room for us! *winning*sat down, ordered up a couple glasses of wine and perused the menu.the only thing i really wanted to eat was the dessert. all i read about online was how great the lumberjack cake was...unfortunately as i started reading the rest of the menu, i knew that i had to try a handful of things on top of that as well!ended up ordering the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets with Maple Chive Crme Frache...Sonoma Duck Breast with Kale, Roasted Winter Squash, Lady Apple, Cipollini Onion...and the Ricotta Gnocchi, Nettle Pesto, Toasted Walnut, Pecorinoto make a long story short....the beignets were crispy, doughy, and bacony! the duck breasts were perfectly cooked and tender with great flavor...and the ricotta gnocchi were pillowy and cheesy...ALL WINNERS.as for the lumberjack cake...'Lumberjack' Cake, comprised of Kumquat, Persimmon, Medjool Date, Humphry Slocombe Maple Ice Cream...tasted like a denser version of carrot cake...paired with a mound of maple flavored ice cream, this this is the BIZ! loved it...and will probably try to come here just for their coffee and dessert next time!!!
Went to Frances last night, we were the first people in the door with a 5:15PM reservation. We apologized to the staff in advance, telling them that we were sorry but we had to be done by 6:00PM as we were going to the film festival around the corner. The entire team worked together to make it happen -- in a seamless, effortless, splendid way. We had the works: started with the beignets (nearly indescribable they are so good) and roasted peppers (in a delicious cheese sauce), we both had corn chowder (so fresh it felt like you were eating corn on the cob), and then we both had the vegetable cassoulet (bursting with fresh flavor, great texture, just the right combination of everything). We ended by splitting the lumberjack cake, which was sinful and out of this world. The wine was lovely. Every single person on the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. We made it out the door just a few minutes before 6:00PM. A perfect dinner before the opening night of the film festival. BRAVO, FRANCES! Thank you!!!!
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco--hands down. I've been multiple times and have been extremely impressed with the food, wine, service, and atmosphere. I would even say that it impressed me more than Chez Panisse Caf, a gold standard of Bay Area dining. Everything on the menu is accessible, delicious, and unpretentious. It's the perfect place to take someone who's into food, but also a lovely place for someone who just enjoys a nice meal in a low-key setting. I find it hard to believe that anyone would have anything less than a wonderful experience at Frances.
This place was amazing. I've had many Michelin restaurants, and Frances is definitely on the very high end of the quality-for-price ratio. The only downside is that parking is street only! So head over a bit earlier to find parking because it can get hard.I managed to snag a reservation for 3 on a Tuesday night at 5:00pm a week beforehand, because they were booked for a month+ in advance. That's a good indication that it's a GREAT restaurant, and how lucky I got. So if you have an occasion coming up make your reservation early!The restaurant opened promptly at 5 and seated us -- we got the best seats in the house! There's one circular table on the street side that has three sides of windows, and it was a perfect and well-lit evening. We ordered two pitchers of their $1/ounce wine -- one red and one white -- and one each from each of the 4 sections on their menu. Even so, the meal only came out to be around $70 per person! (Yeah, "only" if you consider how high end the quality is).The food was AMAZING. Can't really even talk about it because you just have to try it yourself. They don't have tasting menus typical of high-end restaurants, but it's nonetheless delicious. My favorites were their Spugnole Pasta, Bacon Beignets, Grilled Calamari, and Panisse Frites. We all got an appetizer and shared them, and had our own other courses. Their Eggplant Parmesan was very flavorful, but became too strong after a while. For dessert we got the Lumberjack Cake which is their most popular dessert, and it was very good and not overpowering!100% recommend going to this restaurant if you're trying to plan for a special meal! Their service was impeccable and there's nothing negative to be said.
I've eaten at a lot of places in San Francisco, and this is by far one of the best. I was told by local friends that you needed to make a reservation about a month in advance, but instead we walked in on a Tuesday night and they sat us at the bar with the full menu after waiting less than a half hour-wine in hand. We shared the vegetable ratatouille and the melt-in-your-mouth steak. Oh, and do not miss the beignes for a starter! You will not be disappointed. The dessert was some mind-blowing fig chocolate caramel thing. We waddled home grinning ear to ear.
Pretty much the best meal of my life....shared 7 (mostly small) dishes with my husband and every single one was A-mazing. Fantastic service. I can't wait to return!
YELP restaurant reviews are finally getting watered down by moronic people that have no idea what good food is and give the crap restaurants a 5 because they had a good time and a glass of wine. Getting really tired of it. Bavette steak, average cut of beef at best, cooked perfect, and good bordelaise sauce. Want a better piece of beef? how about chapeau.  Okay, for the duck, it was okay, nothing special, bad presentation, decent favor. Duck soaked in sauce and served in a bowl, seriously? Grapefruit salad, would never order again. Dessert, lumberjack cake, that was the best part of dinner. MUST RECOMMEND. The wine by ounce is also a big plus.Service was good, but a little slow. Cramped restaurant, and not the most romantic. Food, eh. SF definitely has better to offer. SORRY BUT not even close to a 4 star restaurant.
Good food in Castro? Must be a sign of gentrification... only a matter of time before a Buy Buy Baby arrives! Small menu, but shines in maximizing local ingredients through innovation. Love the $1/ounce house wine idea, but be careful, those 18 ounce vials go down and add up quickly!Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets: You had me at bacon! The fluffy, doughy goodness dipped in the mostly creamy yet somewhat sweet maple crme fraiche was a perfect combo. Felt slightly more biscuity than beignety, but still awesome.Roasted Morel Mushrooms: So not all mushrooms look like circumcised penes. These luffa looking fungi have a great texture that is complemented well against the hearty ground meat stuffed inside. Like the portobello cousin, they do a great job of absorbing all the fatty goodness of the companion meat.Ricotta Gnocchi: Props for making fava beans taste good. The gnocchi was a tad too large and pasty for my liking, but was still a good contrast to the firm fava beans. There was something fried and firm going on in little bits, not sure what, but it was nice.Watson Farm Spring Lamb: I love when dishes are prepared multiple ways. There was the juicy slow cooked lamb, the rare seared filet and some sort of really fatty cut going on. The butter beans were hearty and made up for the relatively small portions.Crpe Cannelloni: Felt like three soft egg rolls with cream cheese inside. There was really nothing crpe-like about the wrapper since there wasn't a smidge of crispiness. The filling and surrounding vegetables were ok. Probably my least favorite dish tonight.
Solid. The staff, the food and the experience. Casual yet refined, professional yet still friendly. They have this interesting house wine deal where you decide how much you'd like to drink by the ounce, clever and catchy. The lavender oil, rosemary almonds were damn good. The corn fritter was super good (similar to Burmese kitchen soy fritters FYI), the beet salad was good but not fab. and the brochette like sandwiches were tasty as well. I had the crepe (only veg. entree) and it was pretty tasty it went perfectly with my rose which cut right on through the buttery fat. We also had the pie (not sure the name) for desert which was good but the thyme ice cream that accompanied it was even better. Our dessert wine paired really well and the 1987 Madeira was delicious. Our waiter was awesome. We called at 3:30 on a Friday for a 5:00 reservation with no success and were told to get there at 5 for a bar seat. We get there right at 5 when they were about to open the doors and the bar eating was sold-out within 10 minutes. The place was packed from start to finish. I wanted to try the funky little shot that they were serving and/or a cocktail but I'll wait till next time. Very neighborhood like feel to it.
This place plays it waaaay too safe given its outsize reputation and hype. It's a pain to get a reservation here (60 days in advance), they warn you they will charge you $25 per person if you cancel less than 48 hours in advance and then you arrive and everything has very basic presentation and flavors. Their hyped bacon beignets barely had a bacon taste and just tasted like overly oily balls of dough. The pardon peppers with dipping sauce were average - the sauce was quite watery and fell rather flat on the palette. The quail was very juicy and flavorful but there was nothing particularly exciting about the flavors. The steak was a complete disappointment. While cooked to the right temperature, it is just a few slivers of sliced beef. The corn spoon bread was just a mess. I'm not sure what happened - a lot of the stellar reviews are from the past. This place is taking the easy street in its kitchen now and I think it's really overhyped now.
4.5 stars.Scored a 9pm reservation on a Tuesday night because someone cancelled and I stalk OpenTable religiously.I loved the simple/unpretentious nature of the restaurant. There were basically ~15 wood tables in the restaurant area with a bit more seating in the bar. Yes, it got loud and yes, spaced was a bit crammed, but Frances doesn't pretend to be glitzy or over-the-top luxurious. It is what it is--a simple, well decorated place that serves great food.Highlights of the meal included the lobster risotto and gf did not regret ignoring her carnivorous side and loved her vegetarian crepe. My duck dish was good but nothing too out of the ordinary--it definitely did not stand out when compared to duck entrees I've ordered at other nice places. Beignets were good but perhaps a bit overrated.The service is why Frances deserves 5 stars (and not 4) in my opinion. All the servers were awesome, and I definitely appreciated the fact that they were more than cordial/respectful--they were friendly and down-to-earth. They laughed at us for eating the roasted almonds (delicious by the way) with a fork, and the overall nature of service made the experience not only enjoyable, but FUN. The only thing they could have done better was explaining the dishes as there were served.
Amazing food and excellent service! We had the following for dinner:Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets Little Gem SaladAsparagus special (appetizer)Duck for boyfriend (DELICIOUS!!!)Chicken for meEverything was sooooo good! I hope to be back soon once it becomes easier to get a resie!
I'm giving this restaurant 4 stars for food quality but with some reservation. The applewood smoked bacon beignets are lovely, the chickpea fritters interesting but not as flavorful. A gentleman at the next table found the roasted fennel & white bean soup to be orgasmic. We were a party of four so we were able to sample all four of the evening's entrees. The Caramelized Atlantic Scallops with sunchoke puree & roasted fennel were tender and tasty but with only 3 to the plate rather skimpy in quantity. Another person in my party loved the Liberty Farm duck breast but be warned, it is served up VERY rare, a third entree ordered got a good report: the Halibut with carnaroli risotto--with special kudos for the risotto. The Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak was beautiful to look at but tough--the person who ordered it had to ask for a steak knife to cut it. Be prepared to sit on top of neighboring tables (hence our knowledge of the next table's reaction to the soup). One plus was that our reservation was made only a week in advance, probably a cancellation, but worth the try if you don't have a longtime reservation.Good food, small portions, tight seating.
Wow. Flawless from start to finish. The bacon beignets are to die for delicious. The Trottoloni pasta was perfectly cooked and changed my opinion on al dente. They were plucked out of the water at exactly the right second. I had the bavette steak which was perfect in every way. It was tender and cooked perfectly. The sauce was divine. The gnocchi were were an excellent accompaniment. Even the olives, which I do not typically like, were excellent. My friend who is a regular there said that that was common. She has often loved food there that she typically hadn't in the past. She had the albacore for her entree. It was cooked perfectly and incredibly delicious. Our dessert, the Chocolate Almond Clafoutis was off the charts. Easily among the 5 most delicious things I have ever eaten. Every component was done perfectly and terribly and sinfully delicious. As my friend is a regular there, we also received a comped order of the panna cotta. Neither of us are big fans of panna cotta in general. But, theirs.... I could have eaten a vat of the the stuff.Overall, one of the best meals I have had in a long while. And, I can't wait to get back there again.
My wife and I kicked off our little weekend vacation in San Francisco by going to Frances and my, oh my ... we might just move to The City by the Bay.The place is cozy and romantic and the drinks and food are exceptional. And where else can you find innovative "market shot" cocktails and house wine priced so affordable in San Francisco?The food itself was simply ridiculous. The widely-reviewed bacon beignets are not to be missed and our bavette steak and sea bass entrees were both phenomenal ... great flavors, perfect preparation and beautiful plating. If we lived closer, we'd be here all the time. Simply wow!
This was my third time dinning at Frances. The taste was average and I was rather disappointed to be honest. After waiting about 30 mins for our food to be served, my halibut turned out to be undercooked, too salty and fishy; my friend's duck breast was also undercooked and way too salty. Also, the portion was also rather small considered it's price. I was actually making fun of their duck breast with my friend that the $18 whole roasted duck at Chinese restaurant tastes way better than this. I really had and expected better from Frances, didn't realize that the quality has dropped so much. Sorry to say that, I don't think I would dine there anymore, there is better restaurants in sf at that kind of price point.
Great vibe, amazing food and right portions. The house vine and the bread (ask for it!) is awesome! Great place and would love to return.
I was very lucky to have scored a reservation just a week in advance (by randomly going on OpenTable) for 8:15pm on a Thursday. I didn't know when I would be back so I had to order a crazy amount of food:Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets with Maple Creme Fraiche & Chive - Every yelper has mentioned these so there was no way I was not going to get these. I loved the smokey bacon flavor and the maple dipping sauce made it taste like breakfast in every bite! Chickpea Panisse Frites with Lemon & Black Olive Aioli - These babies are super dense and was basically a mouth full of fried chickpea mash. I could have done without it especially since the beignets are already fried.Chicken Liver Pate - This was a special appetizer that was not featured on the menu but was verbally mentioned to us by the waiter. There was a nice amount of pate and plenty for two people to share. The toast that came with jam made a nice contrast to the savory mousse consistency of the liver. Trottoloni Pasta with Shaved Asparagus, Lemon, Mascarpone & Walnuts - This dish tasted very healthy and fresh but wasn't something I was blown away by. I've been putting crushed nuts in my own pastas for a few years now so it's not a new idea to me. Chicken with Semolina Gnocchi, Mushrooms and Spring Veggies - I never want to order chicken but this one just sounded good and turned out to be a solid dish. The meat was very moist as it sat in a shallow bowl of broth and vegetables. The gnocchi that came with it was amazing (as delicious as Bella Trattoria).Lumberjack Cake with Apple, Dates & Maple Walnut Ice Cream - I wanted to be original and order another dessert that diners didn't mention but I guess I was destined to eat this. Our waitress switched up what I ordered with this and we ended up getting to try this dessert for free and I'm so grateful! This definitely made my night. It was a perfect piece of cake made with apples. The dates and ice cream were amazing together with the cake. Please order this! You won't regret it.Chocolate Ricotta Mousse with Cherries, Pistachio & Creme Fraiche - Definitely overshadowed by the Lumberjack so I took this home after just a few bites. The next day, I came to fully appreciate what a well made mousse this was. Loved the cherries for that added fresh taste. Chocolate and ricotta went so well together.I know it's hard to come here without high expectations from the 4.5 star overall rating but just order what you would normally like and you will be fine. No need to go crazy and order everything. Lastly, if you like girly drinks you have to order the $3 market shot. It's a spiked blend of whatever fresh fruits they find at the market that day!
Awesome place! Great food, best service. Sat at the bar on a Saturday night, no reservation. Waited only 5 minutes with a great glass of wine. She is booked way in advance, suggest this approach so you can enjoy this fine place. Will go again if I am lucky.
Frances is okay. Michelin Star, really? I did not know this, as my only intention was finding a restaurant known for chickpea fritters. I was dreaming of it, must have it, stat!!!! Okay, so here are my personal thoughts of the individual dishes1) Chickpea Fritters - Despite the raving reviews that Frances brought chickpea fritters back...I didn't see it. It was good, and I guess it was what it should be, but it wasn't great. Sadness2) Bacon Beignets - Bacon-y and delicious, just very fatty and two was all I could take.3) Clams - I loved these, but the date didn't. He couldn't taste any clam. I tasted bacon, fatty sauce, and yummy flavors; but no clam taste.4) Duck entree - the duck was undercooked and chewy5) Steak entree - it was good, but nothing stellar. I would rather eat steak at Harris' or Hillstone's.6) Lumberjack cake - meh.....Service was spectacular. Wine by the ounces were good. We had a good time. The table next to us did too. However, something was lacking here. The food wasn't haute dining, but more like your neighborhood French Bistro (just not French). It was loud and lively. Prices weren't too bad. This is just my personal preference as everyone has different tastebuds. So, I do recommend Frances, I just don't think it's for me.
Frances is definitely a great neighborhood find with fantastic cooking. It is the quintessential example of talented chefs bringing their skills to a more relaxed and local environment.  Although they seem to take a small amount of walk-ins, I recommend reserving far in advance - it is a fairly small space. We started with their in-house made wine for $1 per ounce. I would absolutely recommend it. It is tasty and if you drink about a bottle it comes out to be about 25 dollars, so it is very economical. As a first timer, we were recommended the bacon beignets. These are an absolute must. They are delicious - and you will dream about them in the future. We also had the clams, which were good but not as exciting. Also, if you ask for bread they serve you a few delicious slices from acme. For entre I had the Bavette steak. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare. The risotto and accompanying sauces were so flavorful. This dish was an absolute knockout. My dining partner had the duck. While it was tasty, it did not compare to the steak. Because we were feeling gluttonous, we also ordered a side of the ricotta gnocchi. They were light fluffy pillows of joy with a nicely executed pesto to accompany it. To finish we decided to split the "vol au vent". This was a nice way to end the meal, but did not measure up to the other dishes. The candied ginger ice cream had great flavor, but the texture was off. Service the entire time was fantastic. We got great recommendations from our server, including appropriate food amounts as we were first timers. He was attentive and knowledgeable. The meal had great pacing. Overall, would absolutely recommend Frances and would love to come back the next time I am in town.
My boyfriend surprised me with a post-birthday dinner at Frances this last weekend. I thought it was sweet, intimate and modern, and the staff was very attentive. He told me he had to book reservations far in advance so I'd recommend that to anyone interested. We had the bacon beignets... tasty! The white corn soup.. so so good!!! and the warm spinach salad... mmm! I got the chicken which was quite good, and I'd order again, but still not my favorite chicken in SF.They might have gotten only a 4-star review from me, but they redeemed themselves: When ordering, the server told us they were out of the Lamb dish, which my boyfriend had been eyeing as a meat lover, so he went ahead and ordered the veggie crepe crespelles, which as lovely as tasty as they were, were still not meat. So imagine our surprise when shortly after we received our food but the two surrounding tables were delivered the "lamb" entree (and they had ordered after us)... our faces fell! When the host came over to see how we were doing, I explained our disappointment... and in a few minutes he brought us out a small plate and explained that the kitchen had been in transition to steak for the dish after running out of lamb. So we got some meat after all!!! Happy Day! and it was tasty!We finished off with the buttermilk panna cotta which was delightful. I'd definitely love a return visit :)
Service was good definitely. The tables were way too close to each other. I think they jammed too many tables in to make this restaurant the "place to be" and that right there made it annoying. I enjoyed their way of serving their house red and white wine - neat idea and applaud them for this no doubt, but we didn't love the food menu - too bland. Again - if service was the best we got out of the night - it doesn't make me want to return any time soon. Oh - the simplistic decor of the restaurant was a plus too.
We came here on a Thursday night without having a reservation. We waited for about 30 minutes. I got the duck, and it was spectacular! I definitely recommend this if you ever find yourself in this restaurant.
The food here was GREAT. Like, if you're looking for a restaurant with some fancy food, I would definitely recommend at least checking Frances out. I had the steak, and while it wasn't terribly filling, it WAS delicious, and combined with the appetizers and dessert, it was a very filling meal.The restaurant itself looks kind of like a hole-in-the-wall kind of place, and it's pretty cramped (the waiter had to move the table to let us into the back seats) and a bit noisy (but just a bit). However, that being said, it's still a very nice place with some VERY good food. I would expect to spend at least 30-60$ here, depending on the appetizers and desserts you might get. The drinks were pretty good, but the two cocktails that I tried (the Elderflower one and the Sunrise) were a bit too sweet for my taste.Also, a big note to make here, you probably need a reservation... we were here on a Monday night (granted, it was at 6pm) and the place was packed the entire time we were there.Overall: A small place that has some amazing food.
And my 200th Review goes to Frances! I first start off by stating that this, by no means is an easy place to get into with it's Michelin Star and rather small interior. Unless you want to reserve three months in advance, have dinner at about 9:45 PM, try your luck at getting bar seating, or snag a last minute cancellation on Open Table, you might as well be prepared to wait.I luckily grabbed a last minute cancellation on Open Table. Believe it or not, when I checked 15 minutes earlier they did not have any open tables, and low and behold in that 15 minute gap someone had cancelled a table for two for the date that I wanted! Granted it was for the next day, but I'll take any day that matches my schedule.We arrived at our scheduled time and were quickly escorted the two feet to our table. Again, it's a rather small place, just a hallway in length with a rather cute ambiance. The walls were adorned with what appeared to be black and white mono prints of various vegetable food groups.They charged their house wine by the ounce, bringing out a carafe of white, red, or rose of your choice. They charge $2 per ounce which can add up if you're an avid wine drinker. The red and rose we ordered was uniquely poured out on tap. Nonetheless, they were both of high quality with nice flavors and a smooth taste.For food we heard a lot about their Bacon Beignets, so we decided to order that as a starter along with Chick-Pea Frites. The beignets were heaven, with a nice creamy sauce to accompany it. The frites were also rather nice, and was an interesting take on hush puppies with the right sense of crisp on the outside.From fried and crunchy to fresh and soupy we transitioned to the small plates--ordering a little gem salad with a hefty amount of beets and a nice dressing giving the lettuce a punch of taste. The Soup was a creamy corn soup which started off as a base of corn and flavored sauce and accompanied by a "glass" of warm cream poured by the waiter. Mix the ingredients together and you get a nice blend of flavor and texture that make up the creamy concoction.For our mains we decided to have the Beef which was a cut of steak served on top of a grainy rice. The steak was cooked really nice, medium rare, and there was quite a hefty portion served. We also chose to get the Halibut which was served atop a bed of steamed greens. By the time our main was brought out we were so full from the previous courses, so we decided to take the rest "to-go" to save room for dessert.For dessert we ended sharing a chocolate cake drizzled in chocolate and served with bananas over cream. As an extra special, they brought it up with a birthday candle (something that they noted from my special birthday note on my Open Table reservation, and something that I did not have to remind them about).So why only 4 stars for this remarkable dinner? Well unfortunately the waiter never brought out our leftovers. Something I bet we would have enjoyed given the spectacular meal we just experienced. We had a lot of food left over too! We were just so caught up in the moment of a fine dinner, we completely forgot to mention it to the waiter. However, one would think that a nice place like this would remember to bring out your take aways before you leave. Apart from this snafu, I would definitely come back to Frances. Unlike other Michelin rated restaurants, the prices are rather descent and you won't be spending an arm and a leg for a culinary experience that Frances has to offer. Of course, next time I'll remember my left-overs (if any).
Impossible to get reservations, but the counter is reserved for walk-ins. Still, don't expect to get seated quickly if you show up after 6pm. Come here for: (i) the incredible bacon beignets; (ii) the white corn soup; and (iii) the salmon. The beignets are warm and donuty, and come with a perfect creamy dip. The corn soup may be Frances' standout dish. You get an otherwise empty bowl with a dollop of chipotle-flavored creme fraiche pearled inside. Your waiter or waitress then pours the soup tableside. The warm soup melts the creme fraiche and makes a dish that is rich, warm, and comforting.The salmon was perfectly cooked, with that nice, meaty consistency you often see in salmon that's been prepared sous vide. The meal wasn't perfect. The chickpea frites were interesting but too dry for the dipping sauce to save, the pasta appetizer was very good but not great, and the steak was chewy. Great service throughout. All in all, super satisfying, if not quite the level of food that I had hoped for.
You can literally feel the heart and soul that Executive Chef and Frances owner, Melissa Perello, has put into this exquisite establishment, from the intricate details in the table settings and unique kitchenware, to the artful masterpieces that are carefully plated and delivered from the kitchen to your designated chomping grounds.I've had the pleasure to dine here a few times and every visit has never failed to impress. Having read a little about Perello's excursions on the Food Network's show "Chefs vs. City" featuring Chefs Chris Cosentino and Aaron Sanchez, I was hoping to even catch a glimpse of her in action, in her very own domain. Its like watching a painter create his/her masterpiece as they maneuver around their canvas in a way only they could understand. Thats why I love taking advantage of having a seat with a view of the kitchen if there is one available (there's a single seat at the bar with a narrow line of sight directly to the back of the kitchen but it can be tricky to position yourself to have a decent view).Not only has her attention to detail been reflected in the food and decor, but also to her staff at the serving line. As General Manager, Patrick consistently welcomes you as if he is welcoming you to his own home. The space itself is quite small and not ideal for larger groups (especially over 6 people), but rather provides just the right intimate setting for a dinner date or even double date.After having tried most of the fare offered on the menu, you begin to realize the easiest job here would be the chef de plonge or head dishwasher because every dish comes back almost as clean as it was before it was plated.Frances quickly became one of my favorite restaurants in SF and the purpose of this review was really so I could contribute towards ensuring it receives the recognition and highest rating it really deserves. For further insight on the quality of the food itself, see below!
"Wow" is all I can say about Frances. The food is amazing and entire dining experience, from the ambiance, to the staff and service was just a pure delight. Yes, it is incredibly difficult to get a reservation at Frances, but ignore the hype and just go there with an open mind (and no criticism-hyped attitude) to experience the food, the wine, and service with some good friends one evening and I assure you that you will have an enjoyable and pleasing dining experience.
I'm very surprised by all the 5 star ratings for Frances. We certainly enjoyed our meal there - thought the food was good to very good and the service was fantastic - but we don't think it warrants a 7-8 week wait for a 5:45pm booking. The space is very small and cramped, which makes the incredible service all the more impressive. And they've managed to keep the noise under control - well done again. But you will be touching your neighbors and feeling very constricted throughout your meal, which is a bit of a drag. In terms of food: as many have said, the bacon beignets are simply delicious - yum. The grilled calamari "salad" and the celery root soup were both great, cleanly flavored and wonderfully executed. Unfortunately our steak and scallop entrees didn't match up to the earlier items. Both were perfectly cooked from the proteins to the risotto to the butter beans - perfectly. But each item was overpowered by one flavor - the steak by red peppers and the scallops by lemon. It was literally all we could taste. We were so disappointed that those gorgeous proteins were lost.So between the difficulty in getting in, the space, the price and the less than perfect food, I don't understand all the 5 star ratings. We think there are other restaurants at this price point with better food and more space where you can get a prime time booking with a couple weeks notice (SPQR, Slanted Door etc).
I'd been wanting to check out Frances for an eternity and fortunately for me, I am friends with an Opentable ninja and she managed to score a normal dinner time reservation on a few day's notice. For a place as highly rated and as difficult to get a reservation as Frances is, it retains a cozy, neighborhood feel to it that we really enjoyed. The small restaurant size and the genuinely friendly and attentive waitstaff made our dinner one of those meals that went by so quickly that by the end of the evening we hadn't noticed that we'd been eating for the past 3.5 hours.And then there's the food. Rather than ordering some of the larger entrees, we instead ordered one of every bouchee and appetizer on the menu - which was plenty of food for the two of us and allowed us to try out more things. Everything, from the clams to the beignets were delicious. The food was not heavily fussed over - instead, the dishes worked because the ingredients were clearly at their peak freshness and carefully chosen to work well together. We didn't feel as if we were carrying out a tub of cream in our bellies on the way out.Frances may very well be my go-to SF restaurant from now on whenever I'm in town. Assuming that I'm able to get a reservation, that is.
Best meal this year.I was totally stuffed at the end of the meal. Two of us ordered:House wine - great deal at $1/ounce, 18 ounces in a pitcherMarket shot - 3 ounce fresh fruit smoothie with vermouthGrilled calamari - fresh just the right amount of salt (small portion)Bacon beignets - 5 little savory balls of ecstasy. Ranchy chive dip goes well with it.Crab salad - good amount of crab.White corn soup - good, creamy, sweetNapa lamb - tender morsels cook to perfection-lightly seasoned but not gamey at all.Smoked trout - best trout I've ever had.Dessert:Boozy affrogato - okay, not great.Chocolate pot de creme - love the cherry's, really smooth semi bittersweet chocolate.Definitely would go back again.
Patience, persistence and luck - in a magical combination I hope to replicate during my lifetime - landed me a nearly impossible reservation at this much-ballyhooed hot spot. On a Saturday night, nonetheless. Neither the crowd nor the vibe here is excessively trendy, but the creative deployment of the freshest seasonal ingredients in whimsical combinations makes Frances a prime example of a very gratifying and delicious trend in California cooking.  The menu's breadth of alluring options demanded multiple courses. We started with the "Panisse Frites," velvety smooth, lightly fried chickpea "fries" with a dipping sauce subtly accented with black olive (so subtle, in fact, that my girlfriend's complete lack of enthusiasm for olives didn't prevent her from loving it!). Next up was a light, lively marinated cauliflower and broccoli salad tossed with slivered castelvetrano olive, lemon and ricotta salata - a dish so refreshing it could aptly be termed palate-cleansing. Both dishes come from the "bouchees" section of the menu, and were surprisingly generous given the modest cost.In honor of California's autumnal burst of persimmons, we decided to try out the Fuyu Persimmon Salad, a pleasant medley of endive and escarole with shaved persimmons and intriguing toasted walnut vinaigrette. All-an-all, it sounded delicious but the flavor combination didn't pop for me, especially when compared to the other dishes we'd had...and were about to enjoy.The caramelized scallops arrived floating on a bed of Meyer lemon risotto, a marriage almost too perfect to conceive. The risotto was alive with flavor, with an ideal balance of sweet, sour and salt, the perfect partner to the tender, sweet scallops.  If only the princely sum we forked over for the pleasure of this dish would have yielded more than three scallops? Our roasted Brussels sprouts were MIA until we chased down the server to retrieve them, so they became a pre-dessert course, and perhaps the best thing we tasted all night.  Pan roasted with chestnuts and bacon lardons - how could you go wrong? That we had to send out a search party was frustrating, and it crystallized a conclusion about the service (albeit with one dinner to go on): while knowledgeable and personable when you can find them, the staff is unobtrusive to the point of aloofness. Friends had pointed us to the lumberjack cake, a warm, spiced apple cake with walnuts and dates, which proved to be a fantastic choice made better with a side of smooth maple walnut ice cream. My only scant critique is of the chopped medjool dates underneath the ice cream, a displeasing clash of texture for me.We were packed into the narrow dining room like sustainably-harvested sardines, but as long as I didn't make a sudden arm movement I could generally avoid usurping my neighbor's space. Even a slight increase in space between tables would go a long way. Otherwise, the dining room was pleasant and homey, with unremarkable dcor. After all, it's the quality and creativity of the food that's really on center stage here.
What more needs to be said? If you haven't had a chance to check this place out, you really are missing out on one of San Franciscos best eats, and you are crazy to be reading this instead of making your reservation now....I have dreams about the beignets and find myself drooling at the thought of them. I go back just for those and everything else is a bonus. Nothing is bad, nothing is done wrong. Food, Service, Atmosphere you all get 5 Stars!
Excellent. Great service, amazing food, and exceptional venue. I had dinner at Frances in early Sept. 2013 -- I've been telling all of my friends about it ever since! The restaurant was charming and the staff was polite and attentive. I'd give it a sixth star if I could.
wow just wow .the calamari  was superb I ended up eating the lamb I was just In heaven... Highest kudos to the team
We finally got smart and decided to make a reservation rather than stop by this neighborhood restaurant. We have popped in a few times with the hope of getting seats at the bar or maybe even a table but their business is booming and we are very happy for them. This was not just an ordinary reservation..this would be an evening to celebrate our 3rd anniversary! We had a lovely walk to Frances and we happy to be greated at 8:00 by a very pleasant gent. The restaurant was full and we were seated at our perfect table without any wait. We glanced around and agreed that the simple, well appointed space was very welcoming and inviting--we loved it already! We appreciated the service, not too friendly but well informed and experienced. We ordered two appetizers and two entrees--more than enough food for two.The complimentary oiled/salted almonds were simple yet delicious. The bread was very fresh and wonderful--I loved being asked if I would like a middle piece or and end--bring me that crunchy end please.Appetizers: Dungeness Crab Risotto, english peas and meyer lemon cream. OUTSTANDING!!Mussels in White Wine Fumet, sungold tomatoes,basilFriarielli peppers. VERY GOOD!We loved them both and would order them again. The risotto was totally amazing!!Entrees: Bavette Steak, butter bean ragout, porcini, pistacio sauce. VERY GOOD!King Salmon, beets, english peas dill creme fraiche. OUTSTANDING!!!Steak was cooked perfectly and the suace was out of this world!The Salmon was amazing and the beats had amazing flavor!!Loved both dishes!Dessert:OMG!!! We ate the entire thing and will be at the gym all week to recover!!Fig and Frangipane Galette, figs, honeycomb candy, lavender honey milkshake!!This dessert was the bomb!! Amzingly delicious!!! Try it, you will love it!!!Our dining experience was top notch and worthy of us spending such an important evening. We will be back, both with reservations and to try to drop in!LOVED IT!!!
Eating out about 5 times a week in SF, this is absolutely my favorite restaurant. Every time I come here I make a reservation for the next visit, usually about a month off, because before, during and after the meal all evidence points to its status for me as the best restaurant in San Francisco.The host and waiters seem the most legitimately friendly and happy with their jobs of any restaurant staff I have ever met. They exude the energy of a start-up that knows that it has the secret sauce for success. Firstly, you must have the "market shot"- a concoction of whatever fresh fruit was available at the market that day and a light, sweet alcohol. So far I've had market shots with fresh plum and brandy, fresh apple and soju, and peach with some sort of liquer. No matter how the ingredients sound on the menu, they are delicious, interesting, and fresh. The carafe of the house red is always excellent wine, and the price is so reasonable that the wine serves as a perfect complement to the meal, without you needing to give a second thought to the volume. You are charged by the ounce, so really you can drink exactly as much or little as you want.Coming with 4 or 6 people (the max) is my favorite because you can try every item on the menu. The salads are always fresh and delicious, with the quality of ingredients so high that the simplest sounding dish is exceptional. The bacon beignets with maple creme fraiche are always a favorite, but I sometimes find them to be too heavy (esp. if there are only two people to finish it). There is often a mushroom pasta dish, which is slightly different by season, but always exceptional. The mains and sides are always delicious - small enough that it's reasonable for one person to have at least one starter and a main and a side. Frances strikes the perfect balance of excellent, yet not overly complicated food, made exceptional by genuinely great service, all for a price that is so reasonable within the SF scene that there is no question about why it is so hard to get a reservation here.
I had wanted to visit Frances ever since it opened, but because it was fully booked for about six months, I had to wait it out. I have been pleased with the service, ambiance, food, and drinks every time I visit Frances for dinner. The location is not too far from the Castro Muni station, and is nestled in a relatively quiet residential area. The setting is intimate, with just a handful of tables side by side. They have a server going around with slices of Acme bread who will stop by your table and drop off a couple if you ask!Food: The bacon beignets are a staple, and the maple chive creme fraiche is to die for! I always end up ordering a second plate. Their salads are delicious, and usually have an ingredient that really makes the greens pop, such as squid. The entrees are constantly changing, but I usually get duck, which I've had paired with some bitter greens, some chanterelles, and always soaked in a fragrant duck juice. Drinks: Frances offers a daily market shot, which is juice made from whatever fruit they have at hand that has been spiked! I found this incredibly sweet and fragrant, which was right up my alley, great for those who don't like strong drinks. If you order the standard red or white, they leave a decanter with tick marks at your table. By the end of the meal, they calculate how much you've drank by the tick marks and charge you accordingly! Pretty neat.Service: Impeccable. Great recommendations from the waiters.Frances has become a fixture in town in a short time, and with good reason. This is a place that serves up quality, comforting food, with a hint of elegance (and with affordable pricing!). Just don't forget to make reservations!!
Update: 7/30/13Overall, the entrees were the awesome as usual, apps were just ok. *Bodega King Salmon - White Corn, Polenta, Lobster Mushroom, Salmon 'Chowder'. Salmon perfect AGAIN.*Sonoma Duck Breast - Fennel Agrodolce, Roasted Fig, Lacinato Kale, Spiced Duck Jus. The duck was perfectly done.*Baked Cherrystone Clams - Fennel, Bacon, Kale and White Corn: It sounds like clams with toppings ON them, but actually, it's chopped clams mixed with these things, then placed back onto the shell. Meh. *Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Chive Crme Frache. More dense than I would expect for a beignet, flavor is good, but not particularly memorable.*Toasted Cornbread, Padron Pepper, 'Bacon Butter': Not bad, but also not memorable. *Fried Green Tomatoes, Chanterelles, Banyuls Vinaigrette: Oddly blandPanisse Frites - Chickpea Fritters. The fritters were perfectly crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, with a creamy spicy dip. Probably the best app of the night.
Love by diners and food critics alike, Frances is the culinary hotspot in San Francisco. Advance reservation is highly recommended if you want a decent time slot. The restaurant is small and cozy, which has a very different ambiance from other star rated restaurants.The Food:1. Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak was tender with good flavor (4 stars). 2. Organic Chicken was moist and perfectly cooked. It's essentially a chicken roulade of breast and thigh meats without stuffing cooked sous-vide style (5 stars).3. Panisse Frites were plain and boring without the aioli (2 stars).Frances has some of the best entree anywhere. I am usually disappointed with desserts at many restaurants, but the desserts here were quite delicious. On the down side, Frances lacks the refinements of similar Michelin rated establishments.
Yummers to this place. I really enjoyed most everything I had here. Once our server relaxed and realized we were in the industry, she was very friendly and efficient. I will certainly eat here again!!
Heard about this place with it's Michelin star-rep. Definitely had to give it a try.Still Water. In a cup. Had to take a pic of the water. Because A) You get to pick from their house distilled water choices of sparkling or still and B) I thought the coaster was pretty darn cool!Homemade 7Up. Pretty good. I'd recommend it just because it has a different taste than normal canned 7Up. Definitely a lot less sweet and more bubbly. I could tell it was made from their house sparkled water.Bread. With Butter! The bread was alright. I prefer Acme breads I've had elsewhere. But this was really moist and yummy.Rosemary Lavender Almonds. Amuse Bouche. Rosemary almonds? Yes. Lavender? My ass. I definitely did not taste any of the lavender. Only the rosemary, the slight bitterness of the almond skin and the oil. Lots of oil. I wish it was served on a piece of paper. It was THAT oily.Panisse Frites. Chickpea Fritters with Lemon & Black Olive Aioli. This was pretty good. I enjoyed it a lot. The way it was fried kind of reminded me of Chinese fried tofu. The chickpeas were ground very smoothly so it was very soft and starchy, more reminiscent of a large potato fry than a falafel. Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets. With Maple Creme Fraiche and Chive. This was BOMB. I now understand why people come here to eat this. The beignets were really good. They were soft, yet crispy. It was the perfect balance of flavors with the savory bacon and slightly sweet beignet dough with the fragrant creme fraiche. NOMS. I'd totally get this again.Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak. With Olive Oil Potatoes, Artichoke, Basil and Spinach. This was pretty damn good. Though I must say, it was only a sirloin steak, so depending on your expectations and personal preferences you could face disappointment. Still, it was good, a tender juicy steak, cooked to medium rare perfection. Definitely one of the best sirloins I've had to date. The potatoes were very yummy as well, I think they were fingerlings. NOMS.Sauteed Broccoli. With "Wagon Wheel" Fonduta. This was noms. I liked it a lot but unfortunately I couldn't eat too much of it because it was super rich with all the creaminess on it. Lumberjack Cake. Lady Apple, Medjool Dates, Humphrey Slocombe Maple-Walnut Ice Cream. Definitely not a fan of the lumberjack cake. I found it too stringy, with bits and pieces of apple and date and strings of coconut. I prefer my cakes smooth and moist. The ice cream, on the other hand, was bomb, but that was not Frances' chef's doing. Sadface. The food was pretty good but not mind blowing as I'd expect from a place with a Michelin star. For the prices I would expect a better cut of steak though it was very tender. The food was unique but I'm not sure it would warrant another trip for me. Aside from the bacon beignets not sure it would be worth it just for that though. The service was great!
One of the best dining experiences of my life. The food was divine and the waitstaff extremely competent and tuned in. I cannot recommend this more highly. The interior was beautiful and not overdone. I wish there was a France's in NY
Great atmosphere, great food. Must reserve a long time in advance:)
This place is difficult to get a reservation on short notice but if you're lucky you might be able to score a seat at the bar, which is first-come-first-serve.I took my boyfriend here for his 30th birthday and it was a pleasant dinner. It is a lot more low-key than I would expect for a Michelin rated restaurant, both in ambiance and price. The front of the restaurant is very quaint and the patrons seem to be regulars dressed in casual attire, as if they had just walked to the restaurant from their flat down the street. I liked the vibe of the place, the quintessential neighborhood-restaurant feel.The calamari we ordered was grilled perfectly to a smooth and bouncy texture. I wasn't a big fan of the peach salad, which was a bit too simple for the price. Our entrees, the bavette steak and organic chicken, were delicious. We finished the night with the lumberjack cake topped with maple-walnut ice cream--wonderful.
Before deciding on this restaurant for my boyfriend's birthday dinner, I read the Yelp reviews, looked at the pictures and made note of the great press surrounding this restaurant. It seemed like a clear winner and that I couldn't go wrong. I don't understand why this place is so highly regarded. Granted, last night's visit was my first and only so perhaps I need to visit a few times for a more well-rounded experience. But then, I want a restaurant and its food to impress and wow me at first taste. The waiter was nice but the service was slow. The food was just okay. I don't see myself giving Frances a second chance when there are so many other great restaurants out there.I considered having dinner at Isa instead since we both love the food there. However, we had both been and wanted to try somewhere new. After dinner, all I could think about was the fact that I would have enjoyed dinner so much more had we gone to Isa.
Not your typical, pretentious Michelin-rated restaurant! We were 30 minutes early to our reservation, but they seated us promptly. The server was friendly and helpful, but not overbearing.They had a liver mousse special that day and of course we said yes - delicious! It came with toast and jam (but I forgot what the jam was.) We LOVED the dungeness crab risotto and chocolate almond 'clafloutis.'The one dish we could pass was the wheat flour crepe crespelles. I didn't want a very heavy dinner so I ordered this was my main entree. It tastes... healthy... for lack of a better way to describe it.Overall, the meal wasn't that expensive at all and we were pretty happy when the bill came out - especially since we ordered so many dishes. The restaurant is very cute and quaint and reminds me a lot of Europe.Highly recommended date location!
Came here with a friend for dinner after making a reservation about 6 weeks in advance.Overall, I really enjoyed the meal. There wasn't anything that blew us out of the water, but it was consistently good throughout and a great value. While the service is great, I do feel like the timing between dishes is a bit slow. Thankfully we had gotten a bottle of wine and had plenty of time to spare, as there were definitely long pauses between courses. The seating feels a little tight and cramped, but the space is quite quaint.We got a bottle of the 'Il Superiore', which is an Italian blend of Barbera/Bonarda. I'd never had this wine before, but now it's definitely one of my favorites!What we ordered:1) Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - I got these because of the glowing reviews that I'd read, but I found this dish to be a bit flat and boring. The beignets are nice and fluffy (with a great creme fraiche dipping sauce), but the flavor was a bit bland.2) Grilled Calamari - The calamari was cooked incredibly well and the squid ink vinagrette was delicious.3) Burrata - Burrata is definitely one of my favorite foods to get at San Francisco restaurants, and this dish definitely didn't disappoint! The burrata was extremely creamy, and this was probably one of my favorite burrata dishes in the city.4) Baby Kale Salad - I didn't think I was going to like this because I'm not a fan of kale, but baby kale seems to be a whole different story. A bit on the light side for a salad, but the flavors were great.5) Local King Salmon - Nothing too unique about this dish, but still a well-cooked salmon dish.6) Strawberry Rhubarb Pie - Shared this pie with my friend, and we were literally in dessert heaven! The pie wasn't overly sweetened (which I feel that pies with rhubarb tend to be), and the ice cream complemented the pie perfectly.
Frances was good but it did not compare to other great places in the city when we tried it - maybe they were just off their game? I'd consider trying it again if I were in the neighborhood:- Food was hit or miss (and one of the misses was a disaster)- Atmosphere was quaint but a bit stark and overly packed- Wine list was small and kind of boring- Service was excellent
I went there with my girlfriend and her friend on a Sunday evening. It was already 9.30 and I assume this is why we got a table quickly. The place is charming but a little on the small side.Let's stop the small talk, we were amazed with the food! Most of the dishes were delicious. The 3 of us got:- 2 bouches- 1 appetizer- 2 entrees- 1 side- 2 dessertsWe ended up full but happy. With 1 glass of wine, the total bill was $50 per person (including tax and tip). Not bad at all for a 1-star Michelin restaurant.
Excellent meal! Must make reservations two months in advance, but worth the wait.
Went to dinner here after making a reservation . . . drumroll . . .the week before! Every time we've looked on opentable, no reservation has been available for the next month and the only one a month out was at 9:30 pm. Somehow the reservation gods smiled upon us, and we were in at 6 pm on a Wednesday. Score!Frances lived up to its stellar reputation for me. Such a great, unpretentious restaurant with fresh ingredients and really clean flavors. The highlights: the grilled calamari (best calamari I've ever had); brussel sprouts with bacon; and the lumberjack cake.Tables are uber-close together, but maybe you'll make some friends like the two tables next to us did.
We had the fritters, onion dip, crab risotto, fish option, vegetarian panna cotta, lumberjack cake, and caramel ice cream. The fritters, fish, and caramel ice cream were amazing. The onion dip had the same texture as new england crab dip and looked like artichoke dip. The crab risotto was nicely seasoned but undercooked and a bit watery. The goat cheese panna cotta was pungent in either a good way or bad way depending upon how salty you like your entrees. The lumberjack cake was dry. But the maple and caramel ice creams were awesome.So why 4 stars? Because after waiting three months for a reservation, my culinary expectations would never be fair. And the service really was thoughtful and respectful. And i got to meet Al Gore who was dining across from us thanks to D.Looking forward to menu rotation and dining again in 3 months.
Absolutely amazing! The steak was like soft pillows of meat and the desserts were so incredible I started crying! I wish this was fabricated, but 'tis not. On a weeknight you don't need to reserve a table, the bar is open for seating and usually easy to get a spot. Seriously, go now. Stop reading yelp reviews and order something immediately!
Absolutely loved this place! It's a trendy restaurant- great ambiance, also cozy. My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our time here. Make reservations way in advance!Here are some highlights: Bacon beignets -tad overrated for usClams -salty but deliciousCrab risotto -my fav!Quail with kale salad- also amaazing!Can't wait to visit Frances again on our next trip!
I'd say 4.2 stars. A great little place with very good food and an excellent waiting staff. The price-food combo definitely makes this place a 4+ star spot. If they ever raise their prices, I will drop my rating to 3.5 stars (like Heirloom Cafe). We got a ton of food including all their 4 entrees. The fried chickpea and fritters were so mediocre and a terrible opening to our dinner. Squid ink pasta and calamari was excellent. My favorite were the cassoulet and the duck breast dish; cooked to perfection. We finished off with a couple of desserts and they were excellent.
Great food! No, amazing over the top food. Service was more than exceptional. We were there for over 3 hours and never felt once rushed to leave by our waiter. Can't say enough good things about this place.
Food wise nothing to complain about.Delicious. Well prepared. Unique offerings.Make reservations beforehand! We walked in on a Friday night and had to sit at the bar facing a wall.I think for a fancy french restaurant sitting where we did killed a bit of the experience. FYI It would be tough to come here for large groups.The decor could use some work. It reminds me more of a casual lunch spot.
When I'm seated within 40 minutes on a busy Saturday night at a place that's 2 months out for reservations, I'm already a fan. 1st star :)Awesome house wine while we waited. There's another star.Our waiter positively rocked (that would be you, Joe and your esteemed runners) - Another 2 stars, since I like good service that's real and not smothering.Delicious food, melts in your mouth and flavor so delicate, so worth returning for. 2 more stars because I appreciate food the same way I feel about men - quality over quantity. If anyone can add, this place is up to 6 stars so far...If money was never an object, Frances would cater my every meal or at least prepare a couple meals a week for me at my pad. Since I'm not there yet, my simpleton self will be back for another indulgence.
Let me first say that Frances is very good. Still, I was expecting to be amazed and in the end, it did not deliver (was i biased by all the hype? will never know) Anyway, have been here twice now because, nevertheless, Frances does some things very, very well. For example, love the wine by the ounce (just the house wine is great). Also am fond of the apritif shots. Mostly juice, i definitely could have done a few more.This time around, we did it kinda different and just ordered all the appetizers. Tried entrees at my first visit. While the beef and duck were well prepared, they were not special.Must try appetizers: chicken liver mousse, bacon beignets and dungeness crab risotto..Dessert was lumberjack cake and is one of kind...also a must try.
I was super excited to try Frances. I made a reservation two months ago for a highly-coveted Friday night table--it's impossible to get anything here on the whim... unless you don't mind having dinner at 10:30pm. Anyway, I just returned from Paris and my friend Angelica O. was getting ready to leave for Paris, so we met, mingled, and had a mini-reunion here.I liked having house red or white wine at only $1 an ounce. That's a deal these days. The bouches were good but not mind-blowing good. We had the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets and the Grilled Calamari. I really liked the beignets' maple crme fraiche sauce--cool and sweet. The grilled calamari was light and refreshing but almost boring--perhaps because I've been spoiled by delicious calamari and octopus in the Greek islands recently. For entres I had this Caramelized Atlantic Scallops and Angelica had the Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak. The scallops had good flavor but were overcooked and rubbery. On the other hand, the bavette steak was tender but the taste didn't impress me. The main courses just came and went. We did finish on a high note, though, with the lumberjack cake. Frances is doing very well. It's been open for a little over a year and it already has a Michelin star. I wouldn't say this is a must-go, but it's a good, simple restaurant for an unpretentious, low-key dinner.
Top five favorite restaurants of all time. Everything I had blew me away. Make reservations far in advance or find a seat at the bar which was completely empty on my visit, I got the impression people don't know that's available for open seating.Fancy, upscale, small, cute, trendy.
Finally scored a reservation, and ate here last night with a good friend.  There were a few bumps, but overall, it was a very very nice experience. Well-priced. Would definitely come again. One start off for a couple of booboos (explained below).Here are the deets:- Got there a bit early. They were REALLY nice to seat me immediately (though my friend didn't arrive for almost 20 more minutes), and gave me a selection. Took a table near the front, in the hopes the noise level wouldn't be too bad (and the breeze from the open front door would make it more comfortable on such warm night). Both were good calls.- We had the house white, which was very nice and quite well-priced.- I loved the two apps we shared (the bacon beignets and chickpea fritters). The beignets were light and fluffy, the bacon taste and aroma really intoxicating, and nicely paired with the creme fraiche.. The chickpea fritters were almost as good; the crispy exterior and the aioli the best features, but the interior just a tad too mushy for my taste.- My friend had the caramelized atlantic scallops with camaroli risotto, meyer lemon and lobster mushroms. She said the risotto was PERFECTLY prepared, as were the scallops. The problem came near the end of the dish... she had what felt and tasted like sand in her dish.- I had the pan-roasted local sablefish with eggplant caponata, golden raisins and crisp capers. It was FABULOUS. Also known as butterfish, it was served with the skin on (my favorite preparation); the skin was crisp and savory, the flesh buttery and flavorful, and the tomatoes in the sauce (GREAT tomatoes by the way!!!) provided the perfect bit of acid to cut through both the sweetness of the raisins and the oiliness of the fish. GREAT preparation. The only suggestion I would have would be to cut down the portion of raisins just a tad (overall a little too sweet for my taste, and my guess, for most people).- The house/staff (on their own initiative) decided to comp us two desserts. One was because of the sand in the entree (they offered a new entree gratis, but she ended up selecting a dessert instead), and the other was because the neighboring table accidently spilled much of the carafe of water into my friend's lap while they were leaving (though the guys apologized they didn't offer to pay for dry cleaning, and my friend was too polite to say anything). This gesture by the restaurant was very well-appreciated by us... and might I add that the service that night was SPECTACULAR. Our waitstaff was always discreetly checking on us all night --- filling our water, checking on our progress, asking about our dishes, apologizing profusely about the water incident (though the restaurant didn't cause that mishap), etc.- My friend ordered the lumberjack cake (w/norhern spy apple, medjool dates, and maple-walnut ice cream), and I ordered the chocolate-almond clafouti (with caramelized banana, burnt caramel, and salted caramel ice cream). My dessert was the BEST SWEET I've had in a restaurant in years ---- over-the-top yummy (and the ice cream was even better than Bi-Rite's version, if you can believe it). Paired with a mouth-watering clafouti,... OMG.  (PS: I did find a fine hair in my dessert. YUCK. But I didn't even mention it to the waitstaff --- they'd been so solicitous after the spilled water incident and the sand in my friend's dish).My friend said that the lumberjack cake was BEYOND.... the only reason she didn't finish everything is that she later realized that maple-walnut ice cream wasn't her favorite. She later said she should have asked them to "switch out" the ice cream (something the kitchen would probably have accommodated).Overall, a very very good meal. App portions were good to generous, the entrees were a tiny bit small (but so satisfying it didn't matter), and dessert portions were on the large side. Service was great. Tables a bit too close together, but as we were seated next to two GORGEOUS gay guys on a date I certainly didn't mind...Would go again in a heartbeat.
I was too impatient to score a reservation (~2 months on opentable or slightly sooner if you don't mind a 10pm seating!) so decided to take my chances here with a walk in and snagged one of the 10 cozy seats at the bar. Service is warm and friendly, space is cozy but cleanly decorated and they have a pretty awesome bathroom space with neatly rolled up napkins for dry your hands with. I must say, the prices here are very reasonable for the quality and amount of food and I think the bread on request idea is genius. Market shot of the day was shinli pears with a hint of vermouth. It was so smooth with a soft grainy consistency, barely any of that gritty pear texture. The red and white carafes were also fun to pour out of and perfect for moderate drinkers like my sister and I. As for the bouchees, the famous beignets were good though I agree denser (yet still moist) than to my liking. The definite winner were the panisse frites though. Delicately crispy on the outside, smooth custard like on the inside. Reminded me in many ways of a polenta. Mmm, delicious! Spugnole pasta was very well done, immensely flavorful yet not overwhelmingly rich. The fennel/white bean soup was also a star. Generous amounts of mussels and kale, creamy yet again not too salty or too heavy. The mussels were so incredibly soft and delicate with barely. I don't think I've ever had better mussels before! Our duck entree was very tender and generously portioned. Meat easily fell off the bone and while most duck is tender, this dish defined tender! On a bed of beans (this restaurant has some penchant for beans!) with some olives sprinkled in. By this time, we were too stuffed for any dessert but our kind server offered us some of their house chocolate sea salt cookies and that was a perfect way to end our meal.
Amazing! Food and drinks were delicious. Really great service. Love the atmosphere. Worth the $$. I can't wait to go back!
Came back with a few girlfriends the first weekend of April. It was just as amazing as the last time I went, if not more.The menu changed (seasonal menu) but the bacon beignets were still available (yum). Other apps we got were the calamari served over a small salad (which was tender and not at all rubbery, the calamari was grilled) and the trottoloni pasta with asparagus, lemon, mascarpone and toasted walnut. OMG. The pasta was nothing short of amazing. The sauce was so good with the creaminess of the mascarpone, the brightness of the lemon, the texture and nuttiness of the walnuts and pretty ribbons of green from the asparagus. I would have loved to eat two servings of it for my main course.I ordered caramelized Atlantic scallops, while my girlfriends had the bass and steak. All were delicious. The steak was tender and the scallops were juicy but I thought the bass was the best. It had the best flavor and was cooked to perfection.We all split the lumberjack cake and chocolate clafoutis for dessert. I thought the lumberjack cake was okay and really enjoyed the clafoutis with it's generous serving of burnt caramel sauce. We all agreed that the tab was more than fair. We spilt it 3 days and for 3 apps, 3 main courses and 2 desserts, we ended up paying around $50ish per person, including tax and tips. This was definitely worth it for the quality and overall enjoyment of the meal we had eaten. I can't recommend Frances enough. I usually don't like going to the same restaurant more than once in SF because there are so many great places I'd like to try, but I will gladly return over and over to Frances.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. Excellent service... warm, inviting. Solid food... simply prepared quality ingredients at a fair price. Nice atmosphere... feels like your neighborhood fave joint.
I actually feel a little bad giving it 3 stars, when so many people seem wowed by it. I had actually never heard of this place until last Friday when my friend invited me to dinner to catch up. After seeing the reviews, I was really looking forward to it. However, unfortunately, it didn't live up to the hype for me, but maybe tonight was just an off night or something. Don't get me wrong, there were some parts that were really good, but for the most part, the over-salting was a negative game-changer.My friend and I split a carafe of red wine ($18 a carafe if you're trying to avoid the ounces math) which I did enjoy, and normally, I'm not much of a red wine person.We decided to split a number of small plates and one entree, just so we could sample a little bit of everything (and also because my friend had observed other entree dishes coming out and hadn't been impressed with what she'd seen entree-wise).The list:- Bacon beignets: Enjoyed by both of us, and I especially LOVED the maple creme fraiche. Would order again.- Pork confit: The dressing on this was delicious and part of the pork was good, while another portion of it was a bit dry. My friend really liked it. Would order again.- White corn soup: I like salty foods. (I'm Vietnamese and I think fish sauce improves a lot of dishes.) But the soup, waaaay oversalted. My friend thought the same as well. Also, it tasted like a crab bisque soup to me, without the crab, and with corn chunks instead. I'm assuming the creaminess of the soup was what made me think of that. Wouldn't order again (unless it was to give them another chance to show me that tonight was an off night).- Grilled peach salad: We opted to not go for the heirloom tomato salad (I felt like I wanted to try something new, and heirloom tomato salads get a little boring after awhile) and went with the peach one instead. Sadly, while the peaches were sweet, I wasn't a complete fan of the soft texture, although the arugela did complement the peaches. Wouldn't order again for sure.- California King Salmon: The skin was super crispy which was great, but once again, SALT made the dish less than what it could have been. Our salmon was a tad bit overcooked, so the outside piece was dryer than the inside (inside was pretty good). The creamed corn was good, nice fresh corn, but still oversalted, and the mushrooms were salt central. I was really disappointed in this dish because I was the one who really wanted to try it and then it turned out not so great. Wouldn't order again. - Chocolate Almond Clafoutis: Chocolate cake which had hot burnt caramel poured over it tableside, paired with a thin slice of banana covered w/a crispy burnt sugar layer, covered with saltycaramel ice cream. The crispy sugar layer and the ice cream were delicous and I could have just kept eating that forever. The chocolate cake was fine, but I feel like I've had better. It wasn't bad, it was good, but not amazing. Overall, a so-so experience, but I did get to catch up with a friend and the service was pretty decent. Props to them also for being a casual restaurant where sneakers didn't make me feel out of place. Unfortunately, unless it was for a couple of particular dishes, I don't think I'd care to check it out again unless my work or someone else was paying for it.
Okay, kids, we have a winner! I couldn't wait to try Frances based off all the good Yelp reviews and friend recommendations. Ratings were so high that I even tried to lower my expectations in fear that I would be underwhelmed.I'm glad to say that Frances pulled it off. Wow, 5 stars :) I'm going to write a novel of a review. No one will read it, but gosh..this place HAS to be recognized.Ambiance:-Simple, modern, warm, and welcoming. It was San Franciscan chic-Walking into Frances felt like entering into a tasteful friend's living room.-You'll find high ceilings, creamy white walls, wooden accents (loved the tables), and exposed light bulbs. Not to mention, personal touches like embroidered coasters and pillowsFood:-A note to first timers who attend in a group, consider ordering most or all of the bouchees, some appetizers, and maybe one or two entrees. Save room for dessert because it's glorious. You'll be full and satisfied!-The 3 of us had 3 bouchees, 2 appetizers, 1 entree, 2 desserts, and the house red wine.BOUCHEES-Applewood smoked bacon beignets - Light and full of flavor. One bite allows the smokiness to fill your mouth. Don't hesitate to double-dip that beignet into the maple creme fraiche. It was light and whipped to perfection.-Panisse frites - these chickpea fritters had the consistency of polenta. Definitely drizzle fresh lemon juice on them. Yum!-Grilled calamari - simple and refreshing, we all loved it. I spent some time trying to figure out how I could make it at home...the the dressing had some surprisingly complex flavors. If anyone gets the recipe, please share!APPETIZERS-Roasted chestnut soup - the best part of the soup for me was watching the waitress slowly pour the broth into a bowl of bacon and camarelized pearl onions. The soup was light with a little powdery after taste. And there was butter. Yes.-Spugnole pasta & Cotechino sausage - probably my FAVORITE part of the meal. This pasta was amazing. Hands down. The Spugnole had a special texture and the right amount of seasoning and fragrant cheese. Complimenting it perfectly were black trumpet mushrooms. You MUST order this. PLEASE!ENTREES-Red Wine Braised Duck Leg - Eh. Honestly, we were least impressed with the entree. Although good, the bitterness of the endives were interesting, it was also a bit too strong and overwhelmed the duck. The duck meat was tender though.DESSERT-So with dessert we had a hard time deciding what to eat. We wanted to order almost everything, but eventually went with..-Lumberjack Cake - dude, yes. I completely understand why this is the most ordered dessert and most popular amongst the Frances staff. The Lumberjack Cake is SO unassuming that when you bite into it with the maple-walnut ice cream, you will be completely blown away. I don't want to spoil too much of this, just order it and you will not be disappointed.-Chocolate 'Clafoutis' - rich and delicious, the best part of this dessert are the poached pears. As much as I like salted caramel, the sauce was a bit to sweet for me. The cake itself is fine on it's own with fruit.WINE-House red wine - get it. You're charged $1 per ounce. Probably the best and smartest thing a restaurant can do. You only pay for what you drink of a full 18 ounces at a time. ...and yeah, you'll end up drinking a lot more than you came prepared for.Service:-Our waiter was a bit standoff-ish, but everyone else was super attentive-Our servers were great at explaining each dish. They also patiently (not in a creepy way) kept their eyes on us and took away dishes accordingly. Tips:-You'll want to make reservations for this place ASAP as it is SUPER popular. We tried to make reservations Nov 2010 and the next open reservation time was today - a Wednesday in January.-I think I mentioned this, but get the house wine. It is a wonderful, juicy, medium body wine that'll be perfect with your meal.I just want to go back for that Lumberjack Cake...I am so full and happy.
Their bacon beignets and chickpea fritters were good, but I wasn't blown away. Of the two, my bf and I thought the bacon beignets were tastier. Liked the maple creme fraiche and chive dipping sauce.Our night started off at 3 stars, but our entrees brought it up to 4. My duck breast was cooked to a perfect medium with a nice, crispy skin. Loved my bf's halibut even more. The sauce was lovely. Also enjoyed the risotto.For dessert, their lumberjack cake definitely hit the spot. Moist, extremely flavorful and served with a delicious maple-walnut ice cream.Enjoyed my meal, but I anticipated more considering how difficult it is to secure a dinner reservation at Frances.
Every bit as awesome as they say. Whoever 'they' are.Every last crumb, drip, dollop, leaf, flake, sip. Dinner was phenomenal.Service was professional and relaxed: helpful and friendly without being intrusive.*Tip* an early reservation means you (likely) can chose your table - meaning, in the corner or off to the side where it's a little quieter. Otherwise, expect a slightly communal-table type feel.
There's not much else to say that wouldn't be repeating other reviews. I've been here twice, and both times left in a state of wildly impressed bliss.The food alone would earn as many stars as I can give (especially with their phenomenal wine by the ounce deal), but the service is what really makes this place stand out. If it weren't for the pesky "impossible to get reservations" issue, I'd be here every week.
Frances is a welcoming, very well-executed, neighborhood restaurant. It's casual, warm, and friendly (both staff and patrons), with rustic and delicious food. Thanks to the Yelp hype, I didn't really know what to expect, and was very nearly disappointed. Was my mind blown? No. But did I enjoy my dinner? Very much so.Rustic, by Frances standards however, does not mean simple. The ultra-creamy panisse frites were a pleasant surprise - chickpeas have never been treated with such love. The complex flavors and textures of the Trottoloni pasta with Chanterelle mushrooms were masterfully-balanced. The pan-roasted Sablefish was perfectly executed, with crispy, salty skin.Ironically, the most disappointing dishes for me were the ones everyone raves about. The smoked bacon beignets were not bacon-y enough or sweet enough. The Lumberjack cake was like a good bread pudding, and I love bread pudding, but I've had bread pudding and I was kind of expecting, well, cake.And if you don't mind standing around and sipping wine for a bit while you wait for a bar seat, you don't have to go through the trouble of making a reservation a month or two in advance for a casual dinner, however good the food might be.
I don't usually like going out late on a Tuesday when I have work the next day, but I was finally able to make a reservation at Frances for 10:00 last month and I wasn't going to miss it. Every bite was amazing. We ended up ordering 3 entrees between the two of us because we couldn't decide what to order. Needless to say we had lots of delicious leftovers the next day.
They had me at "Bacon Beignets".Our friends took us here for a post wedding celebration as it one of their favorite local "nice" restaurants. Thank goodness they know their stuff as we would've never found this little gem. When we got there it was a packed house, lucky for us she was able to make reservations ahead of time and is frequent flier. Service - Friendly & AttentiveGood AmbianceOur table for 4 had the following:Cocktail - Shot of pluot Wine - they make their house wine and only charge for what you consume. It's a deal!App - Bacon Beignets served with creme fraisheFried to perfection!App - Grilled CalamariExcellent - grilled just rightApp-Pasta with mushroomsWe ordered two of these because it's that good!Entree - Smoked duck, scallops, Sable fish, prime ribI personally thought the smoked duck was the best.Would make a great date place :)
Amazing food, great staff, and cozy but not too loud atmosphere. As good as it gets
This place is amazing. The quality of the food is amazing, the staff are the most hospitable and the overall experience is all that I can ask for.  Tonight they rolled out the "Old Tarly" ( spiced wine cocktail) which was the smoothest mulled wine I've ever ever had and a magnificent reference to "Game of Thrones" a book series I am currently addicted to. Thank you Frances!
So we read the reviews, bought into the hype, and made reservations at the only available slot left open, 5:15 Sunday. A closer look would have revealed the reservations were for a Sunday three weeks away, but we didn't take that closer look. The gentleman that greeted us was super friendly, and since we were there when they opened for dinner the bar area was mostly empty. Super nice staff. The beignets were worth the trek out to Castro. We had cod which was near perfect, winter squash which was so-so, and risotto which was my favorite... seriously.
Several have recommended this place before, but 1. I was having a hard time getting a reservation 2. I gave up pretty quickly since nothing stood out on the menu as something I was dying to try. My husband and I finally made it to Frances and it was definitely one of the more enjoyable meals we have had in awhile. It is so challenging to get a reservation because it is TINY! I love everything about the space. As for food, fantastic! We, like make before us, started with the bacon beignets with maple creme fraiche as well as the spinach salad. I do not know how you could mess the bacon beignets up, and the spinach salad, although simple, was flawless. I loved the crispy onions on top, and who doesn't like an egg? For entrees we split the lamb loin and dungeness crab risotto. My experience with fish and risotto is that you tend to get something fresh with something citrus, however, this was the opposite and so good! It was served with black rice risotto, the crab was placed evenly within the rice, I am not even sure how they did it, and if you did not know it was crab you might think you were eating something else. The other surprisingly fantastic add to this dish was cilantro. For the Lamb, the jus had so much flavor. The vegetables were perfectly cooked as well as the meat. The meat was incredibly tender. We ended with cocoa fritters for dessert. For me this was my least favorite dish of the meal(and why I am giving 4 stars). The fritters were a little dry, but still all and all a good dish. If I can plan accordingly I will definitely visit Frances again!
Holy wow. Creative, delicious food with fresh ingredients. Awesome service (our meal lasted 2.5 hours, and we weren't rushed at all). And surprisingly reasonable prices (dinner for 2 came out to $115 pre-tip, including about a bottle of wine, dessert, tea - the works!).If you want a great meal, Frances is a no-brainer. The catch is you need to book 3 months in advance, or hope there's a last-minute cancellation.The appetizers and sides are so good that we ordered 5, and shared 1 entree. It was the perfect amount of food. We had:1) Panisse Frites (Chickpea Fritters) - amazing.2) Grilled beet & avocado salad with Pt. Reyes Mozzarella. Not your average beet salad: all the ingredients were warm with a smoky flavor. 3) Celery root soup (with crab) - Probably my favorite dish, and I'm not a soup person. Whatever the soup is, order it. This soup had the freshest dungeness crab I've had since living in Seattle.4) Ricotta Gnocchi - simply prepared; what matters with gnocci is that it's fresh, and this tasted like it had been made not just same-day, but to order.5) Melted Leek & Endive Gratin - Tasty, but I could have skipped this dish.6) Gulf Speckled Trout (Entree) - Delicious when you ate all the components of this dish; alone the fish was a little on the fishy side, and was very salty. Still really good, but next time I'd probably order the steak after seeing it at the table next to us.I love the house wine. They blend their own wine, and it is absolutely superb. Our wine was a blend of Barbera and Syrah, 2 of my favorites. I love how you pay $1/ounce, because then you drink exactly the amount of wine you want, and don't need to worry about the wine bottle running out, needing to be finished, etc.And finally, dessert. The 'Lumberjack' Cake was out of this world - both the fruit cake and the maple ice cream. Because the pastry chef was backed up, they also brought us 2 ice cream sandwiches; the cookie was chocolate, the ice cream was mint, and the mint chocolate combination was perfection.Even the oolong tea was out of this world.Love love love this restaurant. San Francisco needs more like this.
Ack - we ate here nearly a year ago now, and I'm just realizing that I didn't provide even a basic review. That said, we still talk about the meal we had, and in particular the appetizers (specifically a beet salad that was just unforgettably good) and ... well, the entrees, for that matter, and the desserts, and the service. So, um, it was just ridiculously good.Recommended without question.
This is by far one of my newest favorite restaurants in San Francisco. Their recent Michelin star is definitely well deserved. The ambiance was a casual and gave off a neighborhood-type feel. We went for dinner and luckily had enough people to pretty much try everything on the menu. We read a lot about their house wine and took advantage of the "pay as you drink" concept- it's genius! $1 per oz, each tick mark on the cantar being 2 oz. All of the food was delicious, but these were my favorites: Bacon BeignetsDungeness Crab SaladGrilled Escarole SaladSpugnole PastaDuck Liver Pate- we literally scraped the plate to get every last bitSteak- perfectly cooked and the Farro was delish!! Chocolate Clafoutis- after asking "what is that?", i am now i love. Might as well just assume that everything on the menu was delicious. I am already trying to think of another excuse to come back! The only downfall was there was a really long lag time between appetizers and main dishes...but they were so good, it was worth the wait!
I came to Frances ready to be blown away. Any restaurant that can garner one Michelin star within one year of opening and a bevy of "best new restaurant in the US" awards has to live up to the hype, right? Well, my experience at Frances was, sadly, disappointing. The only redeeming things about Frances for me were the appetizer and salad. The applewood smoked bacon beignets and maple creme fraiche were fabulous. I love dessert food turned savory. And the little gem salad was, quite possibly, one of the best salads I've ever had. Surprising, because it was undeniably simple, yet executed so well. But the rest of the meal was forgettable and underwhelming. I had duck breast over white fava beans and red cabbage. It was rustic and hearty, but nothing remarkable. My bf had the halibut over mashed potatoes. It was an odd pairing and also lacked any WOW factor.Finally, my last gripe: the seating. I understand that housing in San Francisco is crowded, but does dining have to be as well?! Michelin ratings are given on the food alone, but wow, can the tables here be any closer together? We were fortunate enough to be seated on the end of a dining row and even then, we felt crowded. Tables have to be moved to allow for other diners to be seated/to leave, and I find that really disruptive to the dining experience. I could hear the next table's whispered conversation, without eavesdropping. We were that close.
Summary: Fantastic food all across the board, great service, small space.Came w/ a party of five after a two month wait. Tried almost literally everything on the menu (including a market shot and two specials). We only skipped out on one of the appetizers (soup) and two of the desserts.I was impressed with how good all of the dishes were. Everything was good to great. If I had to nitpick, I'd say that I was slightly underwhelmed with the two desserts (they were good, but the ice cream next to them were the best parts).Otherwise, fantastic experience. Would definitely come back.
Came here for the first time the other night and I would have to agree with all the other hundreds of reviewers and previous accolades. I was able to try quite a few dishes and would have to say that not only was everything cooked to perfection, but it was VERY reasonably priced! The panisse frites (chickpea fritters) were crispy and delicious, risotto had CHUNKS of crab and not too creamy or heavy. Halibut was perfectly cooked- crispy on the skin, moist and flaky in the center. The little gem salad was fresh and dressed just the right amount. The crepe crespelles were earthy, hearty and warm. Not to mention we had the house wine that was $1 per ounce!!! (what a bargain?!). We finished off the dinner with the chocolate almond clafoutis... yes.. also another winner. EVERYTHING we tried I would recommend. The service was also very accommodating and welcoming. We were stuck in traffic and arrived 30 minutes past our reservations. With a quick call from the cell- they graciously held our reservations and had a table waiting when we arrived! That absolutely pushed my experience into a 5 star review. ****The only downside I would say is that its a bit crowded and noisy. I would not recommended it for a intimate night out. (ie: I was forced to hear a obnoxious/loud heavy set lady in a tube dress next to me the entire dinner -with her endless slurred babbling about j.lo and marc antony...hair tosses, finger pointing and all... ).*****
Just incredible. I'd been waiting a long time to get into Frances, and the best early Christmas present a friend could give me is a last minute reservation he couldn't use. For the first time ever I'm dedicating my review to Mike K. The decor was beautiful, and while tables are crammed in there, I didn't feel squished. But enough about the atmosphere, let's talk about what we came here for... the FOOD! Bacon beignets - little savory balls of goodness, and the sauce they came with added just the right punch. I want these every day at breakfast, lunch and dinner.Gnocchi - I eat so much gnocchi it's a small wonder that I have not become a potato dumpling. Thus I consider myself a gnocchi connoisseur and I have to say this was the best, most pillowy light gnocchi I've ever had. The complementing veggies, especially the chantrelle mushrooms were just excellent. Steak - Perfectly flavorful atop a bed of chard (i think) and fava beans. Cod - Light, delicious and on a bed of perfectly seasoned butternut squash Panna Cotta - Delicious, and covered with mandarin oranges, adding the perfect zing to what was a great stand alone dessert House wine - The red was great, and nearly every table had a carafe, so I'm in good company on this one. It's served in a carafe marked by the ounce, and at the end of the meal you're charged $1/oz. Neat! Blue barrel coffee - Of course it was good! I'll be back in 4 months, exactly when the next available reservation is open.
Jesus, it seems repetitive to give this a 5 star review, but what the hell.Just pure ecstasy. They had me at their little bouchees, or whatever they're called. You can't go there, even if you're one person, and NOT get the bacon beignets, chickpea fritters, and calamari. Everything is delicate, yet full of flavor, and consistent. I haven't eaten pork since i was 13, and even I loved the beignets. Actually I suggest dipping the beignets in the chipotle fritter aioli as well.My other favorites: the scallops, duck liver mousse (I thought nothing could compete with Baywolf's duck liver flan - I was wrong), and duck breast. Magical. Also, the maple-walnut ice cream - WHOA!!!Low points, but not really low, it's just everything else was fine: the little gems, and the choco souffle with kumquats. For me, too many kumquats. And the little gems was just solid, nothing bad, nothing mind-blowing.Service was solid yet not the most amazing I've ever had, and wine was on the expensive side, although I'm noticing that trend throughout the culinary world so maybe that's not their fault.Finally, minor point, but I thought the bathrooms were top quality. Hey, that means something to me!Well, that's about it. I hope you enjoyed reading the umpteenth five star review for Frances. Make reservations early!!
Frances is a delight to review, very good food. The courses lack any wow-factor, but the collective experience is such that you feel like your not at a show. It doesn't look like you can pick a bad item off the menu but what stands out for me are the chickpea fritters--they have an interior that is smooth like fried pieces of chickpea pudding--and the "secret" duck liver mousse. This mousse is basically the equivalent of duck ice cream, easily the most indulgent thing at the whole place.  What's skippable? The calamari and the spugnole pasta didn't provide much satisfaction. The house wine kept the overall price tag down, but I don't think I would get it again. $1 an ounce is about $27 a bottle, and there are MUCH better $27 bottles to be had, even in the restaurant world. The lowest end of their wine list is about $45 a bottle. I think that would be worth it. Especially since I was surprised at how expensive the whole meal wasn't.Overall, this is a great restaurant. Some people have complained about feeling cramped in. The solution seems to be forming a party of 6, nice roomy round table right in the front window.
It's funny how my server told me "U gotta have the scallops!" Then told table next to me "I am not a big fan of the scallops."I had high expectations. Michelin starred restaurant, hard to make reservation, neighborhood hidden gem.... underwhelmed.Bacon beignets... I need more bacon for texture. Scallops are great, but the risotto was a little salty, and maybe too much lemon zest. It wasn't memorable, and quite disappointing.
- food: hit or miss- atmosphere: cozy / unpretentious- staff: knowledgeable about menu- price: about $100 per coupleadditional info:- entrees were underwhelming
Great food, and great service. The only disappointment was how hard it was to get this reservation in the first palce and how early we had to come to eat here. But it was worth it. The kale salad and chicken wing special were both great apps. We all shared our plates, so I got to try a bit of everything - the steak, black cod and duck were each unique and delicious. The stout chocolate cake was decadent and delicious. Another member of our party ordered coffee when we ordered dessert and it came long after the cake was already gone which seemed a bit flawed to me, but I was content with everything I ordered.
even with all the critics hyping this place up, it did not disappoint. it was definitely hard to get a reservation but we managed to snag one for thursday at 8pm a fews days prior. chinese new year dinner at frances!right when we walked in we were greeted by a host and then the manager who was super friendly. he took our coats, asked us where we preferred to sit. he definitely made the experience more relaxed and less stuffy. the bouchees at the top of the menu are small plates that everyone can have a bite of. we shared the grilled calamari and roasted beets. i wish we could have more of the grilled calamari.we misread the crab salad and thought it was a crab cake. oops. the dressing was surprisingly refreshing.. it was the hint of lime that made it standout. we also tried the soup, poured tableside, piping hot.for the mains, i got scallops and tried the duck breast, and bavette steak. all were perfectly cooked and seasoned. we all finished and licked our plates clean! even my mom who is super critical. ahhato finish we had the chocolate clafoutis and the boozy affogato. the chocolate clafoutis was surprisingly good. it had poached pear on the bottom and almost a chocolate soufle on top. super hot and delicious.i think the flavors here are not a kick in the face but more surprising and subtle. very good.
Dining at Frances took one and a half years in the making for me and two girlfriends. Since its opening, we've been trying to make reservations for 3 people and finally, we scored one at a decent time this past weekend (We made the reservation in September). Our reservations were for 8:00pm, but we didn't get seated until 8:30pm. Yikes. But for our patience, we were offered a pear Market Shot and upon tasting it, I was happy to wait. It was refreshing and light but held us over until dinner.Once we were finally seated, our dining experience was top notch. We really enjoyed the Bacon Beignets and the Chickpea Fritters. They sound heavy but both were great starts to our dinner. I really loved the creme fraiche that came with the beignets. They continued to thank us for our patience by serving us Baked Cherry Stone Clams, which were so deliciously creamy, on the house! Too kind of them. We shared two entrees, the bavette steak and the risotto, and also a side of brussel sprouts. The Risotto was amazing. I would definitely come back for more risotto. The acidic lemon flavor was really what sealed the deal for me. It was also not as creamy as other risottos I've tried, which made it more enjoyable to me. But it was definitely my favorite dish of the night. The brussel sprouts were cooked perfectly and who wouldn't love chestnuts and bacon with their brussel sprouts? Definitely a good choice. I didn't care too much for the steak, as I thought it was on the tougher side. We ended the night with some Blue Bottle coffee and Chocolate Almond Clafoutis. What a way to end our meal. It came out piping hot and the salted caramel ice cream was a delicious complement. We really enjoyed the banana pieces also. Overall, I had a great time at Frances. Service was impeccable from start to finish. Loved the feel (reminded me of eating out in New York), and of course the food. Hope to return sooner than a year and a half!
One of my favorites now for SF. It's safe to order pretty much anything on the menu as there's nothing that's not good. I love how they change the menu daily because it entices me to go back. Must get: Bacon Beignets, Panisse Frites, Grilled calamari, Beets with Arugula and Sauce Gribiche, Trottoloni Pasta (w/ Mushrooms), Bavette Steak (w/ figs) and Roasted Sablefish (w/ Pesto, Squash, and Tomato) - All delicious! Too bad I didn't get to try their desserts, but will definitely be back to try.
If I lived in the neighborhood I would ditch my kitchen and just come here for every meal. What a great little place. However, it books up way in advance so book now! It's one of the many new (and favorite) farm to table type of places, the menu changes often and everything is really fresh and well prepared.They have a 'bouchees' concept I love, very small bites, even smaller than an appetizer portion. We had the bacon beignets with maple chive creme fraiche - came out steaming hot and crisp on the outside, perfectly done, delish. The ricotta gnocci is another really great dish to share. Oh and the soup... celery root soup with turnips and chestnuts - really great.We had the duck and steak for the entrees which were both fantastic... really you can't go wrong with anything. The snapper looked absolutely amazing too. For dessert went a little different and had the brown butter cake which was perfect.I shouldn't even bother explaining what we had because honestly anything you eat will be absolutely fabulous. Somehow get your butt in there, you will never be disappointed. Oh, service was amazing too. Tables are very small and VERY close together, that's the only bad thing I can say.
There's really nothing to complain about here. The food is amazing, the service is amazing, it's Michelin rated and it's value priced. Watching the chef's in the kitchen prepare the food is a thrill and the food is exquisite. Great atmosphere. It's small. You can make reservations or get in line before they open (because there will be a line).
A very pleasnt evening with friendly and attentive waiter staff, enjoying the great atmosphere and food!RSVP is hard to get so either you rsvp couple weeks in advance or pray that the walk-in bar section is available.Had the Chef's special (duck liver mousse) appetizer - served with garlic/onion spread toast along with the beet salad. Mousse was very tasty and can't go wrong with beet salad. Great balance in taste per dish.Also ordered the steak and snapper.I will say that both dishes were well prepared (beef taken med. rare)... great fish/meat combo and it was awesome.Ended the night with the panna cotta and was fabs! I recommend you order what I ordered tonight in hopes they still have the duck liver mousse.I was recommened that the duck entree was awesome as well.
I made a reservation 2 months in advance and finally got to enjoy Frances over the weekend.Our server was marvelous, informative and knew just when to approach us.I enjoyed a few glasses of their Jalisco refresher and Bouchard Pinot Noir which went very well with our dinner.What we had:Bacon Beignets: Sorry to say these are not as wonderful as others say. The maple creme fraiche is what makes the beignet and lack of smoked bacon flavor tolerablePanisse Frites: Warm, crispy outside and delightfully soft on the inside.Chicken Liver Mousse: To die for! Worth every once of fat.Grilled Calamari: Wonderfully prepared, fresh and lightGrilled Asparagus Salad: Delicious! The crispy shallots really made this dishCaramelized Atlantic Scallops: This dish was a real pleasure to eat. The scallops were cooked perfectly!Butterball potatoes: As a side, this went well with the scallops (gotta have my carbs!). They were perfectly slow cooked, with no browning whatsoever and sitting in a perfect combination of olive oil, green garlic and creme fraiche.Aside from the bacon beignets, which were forgettable, I can not wait to go back !
Tonight was our third time here and it hurts to give a 4 star review, but I have to, due to the one major flaw in service......we ordered four dishes and they all came to the table at the same time. It really does ruin the flow of the meal and the ability to savor each dish. This was not the case during our two previous visits.We arrive without reservations and sit at bar area. We like this better vs. sitting at the tables. At the tables you are closer to the stranger sitting next to you in comparison to your companion across the table. It's easier to hear the stranger's conversation.Tonight we had the baked clams, marinated cauliflower and broccoli, ricotta gnocchi, and stuffed sweet onions ( all arriving, annoyingly, at same time). All deliciousThe dessert, was Friand cake, with roasted pear, huckleberries and creme Frache. We loved it.The wine comes in a carafe, if you chose, and you pay for what you drink. But our waiter brought us check, charging us for full carafe, and wine was remaining, so watch for that.
Frances is really cute and serves delicious food! The market shot and beignets were fun, but I really really enjoyed the soup appetizer and entrees! Currently my goto restaurant if I am in the city. The food is rich but not too heavy. They take walk-ins (come wait BEFORE opening for a bar seat) despite their always full reservation slots.
Truly amazing food and wine. Everything was fresh and delicious, the wine pairings magnificent, and the service excellent.
As always, in a nutshell:Food: 4 starsP/C: 4 starsService: 4 starsWhat the hell is wrong with my review - why 3 stars if all of the components of my review deserved more? I think it boils down to expectations and having that coveted michelin star. Compared to other restaurants that 1) use local sustainable ingredients 2) execute their dishes cleanly and well 3) offer seamless service and 4) are well known - Frances absolutely measures up. Compared to other michelin one-star restaurants, I am not so sure, I just didn't find anything that even partially blew my mind at all. Decent appetizers, decent entrees, decent desserts, well done, not extraordinarily done.Anyway, I just love when I make dining decisions on a spur of the moment. We happened to be walking around the area and thought - hey let's swing by Frances, if they have seats, great, if not, whatever. Ruthlessly we walked in and the host welcomed us and gladly informed that they had 2 seatings at the bar available (which offers full dining).We sat down (the spaces are crrrrrammmmped, make sure you lose a couple pounds before you brave sitting at the bar lot) and was offered the menu. The menu is a no-brainer - a few munchies, a few appetizers/salads, a few entrees consisting of one beef, two fishes and one poultry and on the back there are a few dessert offerings. The wine list is decent and sort of creative.We got - a thing of beignets, a thing of the onion dip, a halibut dish, a chicken dish and a couple desserts.Appetizers - beignets were perfectly executed. They were hot, moist, decadent with aromas and bits of the bacon and fluffy - pure goodness. The onion dip was execellent and were well complemented by the super-long lavosh pieces - the dip had nice herbal flavors, was creamy but very upliftingly refreshing.Entrees - chicken and halibut both came in a bowl and were sitting on auteed vegetables (peas, spinach, etc) and contained some soupy sauce to keep the protein moist. I don't remember that much about either of the dishes - not memorable. I could definitely tell that both the chicken and the fish were cooked perfectly and the ingredients used were fresh.Dessert - ONE more thing chekced off on the 100 Big Eats list - the lumberjack cake. It's actually not my kind of cake - dark molasses based cake with nuts and dates. It was good though, not too dense, but very very sweet. The walnut (or pecan?) ice cream that went with it was also very very sweet. Not sure if it was homemade, but definitely could cut down on the sugar. The chocolate mousse was very good - cherry pieces completed the silkiness and sweetness of the mousse. If I had to bet my money, it's on the mousse over the lumberjack cake. We both had coffee (they serve blue bottle).Service - it was a busy night, but they really did their best to keep things efficient and on the ball. It did take us about 20 minutes to get our check but what am I going to do other than being understanding..? :)In conclusion - well done Frances, food was good, the service was good and the ambiance was good. I just didn't get the Michelin star charm from your restaurant though. I'd return here for a meal, but I wouldn't really associate this restaurant with the kind of prestige that the Michelin guide judges did.
After living just 2 blocks away for ~1.5 years we could no longer resist the warm neighbourhoody look and the rave reviews, and made ourselves a Friday night reservation (weeks in advance!) Take advantage of the inexpensive house wine by-the-ounce offer: it's so unique to have a true "house blend" being served up (they blend from in-house kegs, delivered from a Placerville winery called Miraflores) and the wine is NOT tasteless or cheap. We tried the red and the white and really enjoyed both.Excellent, super friendly service, well nigh impeccable: each course was served with a smile and empty plates were whisked away like magic; water glasses were always kept full (without a squeak -- we barely knew they were coming by to refill!); they quickly replaced, and didn't charge me for, my carafe of house white when I commented that it had become a bit too warm. Also, they didn't have that whole territorial one-person-serves-one-table-throughout, "let me get your server" attitude, which was super; we saw at least 4 different faces throughout our meal. Also, any place that replaces your silverware after every course gets extra brownie points in my book. But to the main point: the food... Overall, I just wasn't blown away. I wanted to be, and we ordered a variety of things so we could try several of the highlights/recommendations from previous Yelp reviews, so maybe it's our own fault... But only one or two things made me go, "Wow!"Bouchees: The chickpea frites and bacon beignets came in sets of 4 and 5, respectively, which was on the larger side given that I could only eat the frites (I'm vegetarian) and therefore left G. the responsibility of working through the beignets. Excellent texture on both, and nothing tasted fried or oily, and they were GOOD so we ate them all... But it may have been a mistake to front-load. Be warned. Appetizers: The spring onion and green garlic soup was outstanding, as was the accompanying bread and grated dry cheese, but how can you go wrong with that combination? We slurped it up like whoa. The little gems salad was somewhat unfairly lettuce-centric, I thought, and the avocado got lost a bit in the (same coloured) leaves and the creamy dressing... Although the beets and kumquats really popped with both colour and flavour. Entrees: my crespelles were greens-and-cream heavy, and the flavours got to be a bit overwhelming (even though it wasn't over salted or sweet)... I wish I'd had another option on the menu, frankly (there was only one for vegetarians). G. loved his halibut though, and ate everything except one lone potato! Dessert: we shared a modified version of the panna cotta (they served up citrus instead of strawberry as the topping), with two excellent, buttery pistachio sables on the side. As you might surmise, these were all heavy dishes -- and by the end of the meal I felt stuffed, in a sort of turkey kind of way rather than a food-coma kind of way -- although the portions weren't huge, and although we ate at a normal-to-leisurely pace. And while all the flavours were good, almost none of these flavours was "party-in-your-mouth, take-your-best-friend-back-for-another-visit" good. Yes, yes, I'll freely admit, this is my fault for trying to try everything good, and finish everything on the table too! But my point is that it was all GOOD -- just too heavy in combo! I hadn't expected we'd be in for that *intense* a meal. Maybe I was distracted by the yummy wine, the cozy atmosphere, the excellent service, and the walkable location? In which case, my 4-star review is spot on: I'll go back, for all the above, plus a good (if not insanely awesome) meal.
Best. Food. Ever.  And we did not have reservations because we couldn't get them. But it was just two of us and we went early on a Tuesday (around 5:15 pm) and got a seat at the bar (a little crowded but we made friends with our neighbors!) Our waiter was awesome. One of the sous chefs (Michaela) came over to chat and make recommendations. Atmosphere was cozy and pleasant: not too quiet but easy to have a conversation.House wine was excellent...we won't even order off of the wine list next time.  We started with the dip and homemade lavash....soup, salad and cassoulet...all incredible. And trifle and coffee...I don't regret a bite.
Service was excellent, atmosphere was lovely and the Bacon Beignets are life changing! Make your reservation early!
Fantastic meal!!!! worth the 6 week anticipation & great for a special occasion.Favorites on the menu: grilled beets, baked cherrystone clams, little gem salad, and king salmon. Calamari tagliatelle too buttery for my taste but my boyfriend loved it.Waitress was especially kind - gave us two complimentary glasses of wine when our fish took a long time to come out.
This place has been on my list for a while, so when a friend got a reservation, I bribed her with a glass of wine if she'd bring me with her...and it worked.Although it was an early dinner, the place was already almost filled when we arrived. Our waiter was friendly and funny and I love the way they do the house wine. It comes in a carafe with markings for each ounce and you pay based on what you drank. The house white was delicious and I felt like I got a good deal.We started with the bacon beignets (of course) and they were just as good as I had heard. I absolutely loved the maple creme fraiche with chives and could have drank it. We also ordered the yams with lemon, parmesan and chili aioli, and I thought that was just ok, but nothing special. Everyone raved about the gnocchi, so we were sure to order one of them and, again, it was alright, but I was not blown away. I found the gnocchi to be heavier and thicker than I expected, although the sauce was very tasty and the mushrooms were delicious.For our main course, my friend and I split the Black Cod dish. It was prepared perfectly--cooked just right and super tasty. The leeks, mushrooms, and squash on the side were perfect accompaniments. I could eat that dish 1000 times over.Although we weren't excited about the dessert menu, we decided to go for it anyway. We ordered the chicory root panna cotta. It was another thing that was fine, but nothing amazing. We both wished we had passed and saved room for dessert elsewhere.Overall, a good experience and I'm glad I had a chance to check it out. I would love to eat the black cod again and maybe try the menu once they've changed it up for the new season. It's such a cute space and the staff were friendly and welcoming, so I'd definitely give it another chance down the road.
Ok.. here's the lowdown. This place is GOOD, but just GOOD. It's NOT the second coming of Christ, people, so just calm down! I felt the food was quite hit or miss. The appetizers were the best items on the menu... get the beignets, the crab salad, and the white bean & fennel (w/ shrimp) soup.The entrees: the scallops were good but at $26 for TWO, definitely overpriced. The risotto was straight up disappointing.Lastly, the service was mixed. Our server spilled a whole small cup of the sauce for the beignet on me, but they did take $25 off the bill and will be paying for my drycleaning.I scored a last minute reservation and used a gift certificate someone gave me.. I shudder to think that people would actually wait 3 months to get into this place. If so, you're likely setting yourself up for disappointment.
Great place, solid food. We had the bacon beignets, spugnole pasta and lumberjack cake. All the dishes were well executed but I loved the pasta the best. Don't know if it's worth fighting a reservation for though.
This is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. The only problem is, I can never get a table when I want it!
Love this restaurant....everything from the atmosphere, the unique dishes/glasses/beakers for wine, the excellent service, and "knock your socks off" food.We had a delicious and refreshing crab and mandarin orange salad (so inspiring that I would like to figure out how to make this at home). We also enjoyed the Bacon beignets, beet salad, calimari, sausage pasta, black cod, duck breast, panna cotta with sea salt cookies, and bread pudding. I actually loved the sea salt cookies so much that I googled the recipe and found something similar and I've mad them twice in the last week. So tasty! Oh, and let's not forget that PERFECT crunchy hot Acme bread! DO ask for it!!! Who cares if the bread fills you up. It is amazing!I love also how they serve the house wines in beakers that measure how much you drink and you only pay for what you drink. And the house wines are great. The atmosphere was really friendly, non-snootie, and relaxing. They don't rush you through dinner, rather you can plan on sitting there eating your way through all the courses over 3.5 hours....you know the way they do in Italy where you actually sit and talk with your friends over a meal. So enjoyable. Can't wait to go back!
Had a great meal here the other night. After hearing so many great things about Frances over the past few months -- and being unable to get a reservation for so long -- we were not disappointed. We started with the "bouchee" of grilled calamari, with fennel and peppers. It was absolutely delicious, and was bigger than I thought. We followed that with the pasta and the white bean & fennel soup. The pasta was good, but the soup was amazing. For the entree, we shared the duck breast, and a side of brussels sprouts. The duck was seasoned well, but just a little bit too tough. The figs and fennel were a bit too mushy, so they did not provide much textural difference with the polenta. The brussels sprouts were cooked perfectly, with a good amount of bacon. I was also surprised by how well the golden raisins went with the brussels sprouts as well. We finished the meal with the lumberjack cake (since it was so on the 7x7 list), and it lived up to the hype as well. I don't even like dates, but they were nicely integrated into the cake, which was perfectly moist, and served with a delicious maple walnut ice cream.A few reasons why they don't get 5 stars from me: (1) the food service seemed a bit slow, and we had some trouble getting bread to the table; (2) the portion size of the pasta was way too small for $14; and (3) the duck dish was not as good as it looked (and not as good as I thought it would be). However, I would go back to Frances in a flash, and I hope we have an easier time getting reservations next time!
There is something sad about an OK. review but here you go. Frances is a slightly above average neighborhood restaurant but it would be hard to insist on anything more. We waited months to eat here and well I was very underwhelmed. The food was above average, well prepared and the menu was pretty original in the vein of seasonal local cuisine. The portions are small, 20% more would be adequate. The wine choices were average. Basically the meal was fine, a little salty but at least they use good quality sea salt. The tables are so close together that there is no way to be comfortable. They are packing in the people at the detriment of guests' comfort. I think an airplane is more spacious. The service was attentive when present but otherwise very slow. It could have been the Friday night rush. The table next to us received their food ahead of us even though they were seated 15 minutes later and ordered the same number of courses.I am glad I tried it once but I would not go out of my way to come back here. There are better dining experiences to be had in the city. It actually makes me sad, I really wanted to enjoy myself but something is missing. It feels like they are on cruise control or automatic. The initial spark that lead to all the great reviews is absent. I know it must be hard to live up to hype but failure in this case lies in lack of an attempt.
It takes forever to get a reservation here unless you want some late night dining. So, that's what we opted for. Late night dining is underrated. Restaurants are not as crowded or noisy and I think you get better personalized service. Bacon beignets were perfectly flavored fried yumminess.The lamb had so much flavor and was prepared to perfection.The mushroom risotto redefined risotto and vegetarian for me.Amazing!
Best restaurant. The people are amazing. The food is incredible. My favorites are the fish entrees and if you're lucky enough to go when they serve it, the chicken liver mousse. That's the stuff dreams are made of.
Not a bad experience but a disappointing one considering the Yelp rating and the Michelin star. First off, I got parking right in front! Score! We were about 10 minutes late and we'd called and left a message to let them know. They were quite gracious and thanked us for the heads up. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable, and very friendly. For the place being packed to the gills, the service was quite good. For starters we ordered: Beet Salad - Very good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Chickpea Fritters - Not bad, but it didn't do it for me. Bacon Biegnets- Also good, but not great. I'm not a big fried dough person.The sauce served with it was killer! Dinner for me was the bavette steak. The steak was very, very chewy. I know bavette is a tougher cut, bit this is a bit much. I saw the woman next to me give up cutting and start tearing with her hands. Also the meat wasn't well seasoned. It didn't taste like much. The sauce that came with, was good but way too salty. I thought maybe eating them together was the answer, but the salt overpowered everything else.I could have sent it back, but I was hungry and by the time I thought of it, I'd eaten at least half. I think it's disingenuous to send back food when you've had that much, so I finished. I did tell the waiter that it was a little salty when he cleared my plate. Again, it wasn't bad or inedible, just not up to what I'd hoped. Dessert was unmemorable, as I can't remember what it was, and this was a few weeks ago!-----My wife reminded me it was a Malva Pudding (a kind of cake). The waiter told me it was more pudding like and moist. It was pretty dry and could have used a sauce or ice cream to moisten it.
Wow, I can't believe I forgot to write my review of this place. Maybe the food was so good it completely blew my mind so far I couldn't think straight.When we arrived the place was packed, and even with a reservation we had to wait. And wait. And wait. Turned out the people at the table we were supposed to be at just wouldn't leave. Why does the place still get 5 stars? The maitre'd first gave us free booze. Then free appetizers. And constantly came by to check in with us and apologize. Finally, when they still wouldn't leave, he very politely informed them that someone was waiting for the table and asked them to go.The food was so good that even this long after eating there my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The service was amazing. Even the dishes that they serve on were interesting and elegant. I like to try new restaurants every time we eat out in the city, but this is one I would definitely repeat.
Neighborhood gem!Despite not having a reservation, we were able to be seated in the bar area after waiting for 30 minutes. The wait was enjoyable as the staff was extremely attentive--grabbing us wine and constantly keeping us posted on when our seats would be available (yet not trying to push out the diners still eating). Food was excellent.Atmosphere is quaint--my only caveat is that the space is small so if you can't handle this type of environment then steer clear and go dine down at the Wharf.
Wow, did I really not check out Frances once during 2011?! Geez, then a repeat visit was definitely long overdue...To mark an unexpected special occasion, we decided to celebrate by going out to dinner and couldn't think of a more fitting place than Frances. Of course, having made no resos on a Friday night, we didn't have high hopes but seating at the bar required only a 20-25 minute wait. Score!I was torn between ordering my favorite dishes from last time and trying some new items ... so we did a little bit of both.For the bouchees, we had:- the now-staple applewood-smoked bacon beignets with maple chive creme fraiche (good but maybe not as exciting this time around; plus, forgot out "carby" it is);- baked cherrystone clams topped with chopped fennel, winter greens, scallops and bacon (great texture and flavor but sadly only two clams per order);- calamari with fennel, kabocha squash and pickled currants (our favorite of the bunch - all the ingredients worked surprisingly well in providing a crunchy, chewy, creamy bite).For appetizers, we had:- the ricotta gnocchi with mini broccoli and parmesan (my favorite dish from before; did not disappoint again; amazing how the gnocchi practically melts in your mouth!);- baby kale & duck confit salad with shallots, medjool dates and fennel (this replaced the calamari as the favorite - sophisticated flavors that were especially enhanced with the sweet dates and the textured kale)For entrees, we shared the bavette steak with butterball potatoes and creamed spinach that was topped by a black truffle jus. By now, we were pretty full so I was already looking forward to dessert ... but one bite of the perfectly medium rare steak brought me back. Amazing dish! Hearty and elegantly prepared. Definitely recommend this dish!And then finally for dessert (which I made sure I had room for this time around, since I missed it the last two times), we had the famous lumberjack dessert (like a gingerbready slice of cake) served with a side of maple-walnut ice cream scooped on top of sticky medjool dates. Hard to believe but despite how delicious dinner was, this dessert topped them all! SO worth the wait ... seriously, DO NOT SKIP THIS DESSERT! One of the best desserts I've ever had!It's remarkable how Frances keeps rising to the challenge and continues to amaze me with its high level of food preparation. Service is equally great as the staff is engaging and attentive without being overly so.Unfortunately, no wine or alcohol this time (New Year's resos!) but enjoyed the iced tea with lemon ...Still a great bang for your buck (especially the appetizers and desserts).Til next time! (hopefully sooner than later)
This place was great. I had been wanting to try it since I moved back to SF 3 months ago after having my husband rave about how good it was. So he got reservations for a friday at 5:45 pm- I think this was the earliest I've ever gone to dinner. But given that I'd been wanting to try this place we went. So I'm usually one of those people who enjoys the book ends of the meal more than the middle....but Frances was different. My entree was delicious - Lets just say I enjoyed the meal the whole way through. The only reason for 4 and not 5 stars is because I heard a lot of hype around how amazing it was- and yes its very good, but didn't live up to all the hype.
So sad. After many recommendations from trusted friends, my partner and I were really looking forward to Frances. Were our expectations raised too high by the praise and the 2 month ahead reservation we had to make? Perhaps. I don't know what went wrong, but whatever it was the results weren't good.The run down:Bacon bignets: Moist, light, but utterly lacking bacon. The meal never recovered from this meh start.Grilled calamari: An ugly, sodden mess, salt-loaded, no grill flavor, and overwhelmed by not-on-the-menu cilantro.Trottoloni pasta: Flavors so subtle they weren't even there. Kitchen seems to have forgotten to toast the walnuts and salt the pasta water.Halibut: Overcooked and dry. Chorizo was the only thing saving the dish. But what can't chorizo make buoy?Lamb: Tasted and looked gray, barely seasoned, and texture was mushy instead of tender. Potatoes overcooked. Artichoke boiled to bland. We couldn't be bothered to finish it (table next to us seemed to have a similar issue).Service was excellent the entire dinner. House wine by the ounce was nice enough quality for such a sweet price structure. The prices of bouchees ($6.50 ea) are also very reasonable.It was also so loud that we could barely hear each other without contributing to the shouting. It didn't help our table was 6 inches on either side from adjacent tables. So we left and got dessert elsewhere.Can't see coming back unless one of my friends wants to prove me wrong.
This is a great bistro in the Castro, and I loved the ambiance and the food here. They have a great drink list, and will let you taste the wine that are available by the glass if you don't know which one you want with your meal. I got the duck here before, and my boyfriend got the scallops, and both dishes were perfectly cooked and flavored. The duck was tender, and the scallops with the risotto had a very fresh yummy flavor. Although the portions do not look very big, they are pretty filling. We also got the applewood smoked beignets for our appetizer, and those were really good as well. The creme fraiche sauce that came with the beignets was delicious, and I ended up dipping my bread in it as well! I would definitely recommend making a reservation here, as it is probably difficult to come in and find a table oh a whim.
This is fantastic small bistro in the Castro, but they book up early, so it's hard to get a table.My suggestion is to either book early, or book late. Some times there are cancellations and if you are in the mood for something fabulous and spontaneous, check to see if you are going to be lucky tonight.Michelin star quality, small and comfortable.
I loved my meal so much that I wanted to go again the last time I was in SF but alas everyone has discovered this new neighborhood gem. Reservations are pretty tough to get since it's pretty small.I'll just have to keep dreaming of those chickpea fritters and $1/oz wine!
Gosh, it took me a month to get reservations here and it was certainly worth the wait. My friend and I ordered and shared the following:Bacon apple beignetsSome sort of sweet yamsDungeness crab saladLambchopDuck breastLumberjack cake - YOU MUST GET THIS!!!!!To top it off, we ordered red wine by the ounce at $1/oz - brilliant!! .... as well as their homemade 7-up, which was surprisingly delicious!The staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating and the flavors were well seasoned and flavorful. Plus, affordable prices. Overall, I really enjoyed the experience here and as always, simplicity is best!
Here is what is clearly evident about Frances....It is the vision of a talented Chef/Owner. Those whom she has chosen to work with have bought into that vision, and are professionals in their own right. Execution of every aspect of the meal and service are just as they should be. It is what every neighborhood restaurant wishes it could aspire to be. Bravo!
Well hello FRANCES--You were the best meal I've had in quite sometime and I can't stop thinking about that lovely evening back in early July. We made a reservation about one month in advance for a 530 pm reservation on a Sunday night. My cousin and I wanted to treat her boyfriend to his birthday dinner here, so we took our men out, and we sure did that, but in mayyyyjor style! First things first, the neighborhood is great. Super unpretentious, Frances is located on a quiet street kind of in between the Castro and Noe Valley.  Atomsphere is very intimate and cozy feeling, but the tables were super close together which was fine as we were seated right on the end by the restrooms.We split basically everything on the menu (I know, such gluttonous pigs) but my top two favorite dishes at Frances have to be:-Bacon beignets, which are little balls of delightful heaven with maple creme fraiche and chives. No bits of bacon in them, but the flavor was spot on. I wanted this ALL to myself! :)-Ricotta Gnocchi -DO NOT GO TO FRANCES without ordering this. Seriously. OMG. I'm not even a gnocchi person, but this was, hands down, the.best.gnocchi.of.my.l (and yes, I've had gnocchi in Italy). It comes served with a white corn and heirloom tomato ragout with basil and reggiano cheese.Our server was nice, knowledgeable, and gave us just the right amount of attention. The Frances house red wine was incredible as well, and I really like how it's $1/ounce.Effortlessly Perfect.
So good I ate til I was in pain and well beyond. We had the panisse frites to start, sablefish (me) and duck breast (boyfriend) for the mains with a side of squash, and the chocolate clafoutis (me) and lumberjack cake (boyfriend) for dessert. It was all delicious.You MUST get: sablefish; chocolate clafoutisYou can probably skip: lumberjack cake (unless you're wedded to working through the 7x7 list)The portions aren't enormous, but they're so rich you fill up quickly. I definitely wouldn't recommend ordering as much as we did unless you have a truly giant appetite. We were starving when we sat down, but were struggling by the end of our main courses.A note on the seating -- we happened to get an isolated table, and so had a lovely romantic dinner. But the vast majority of the tables are jam-packed together against one wall -- you're literally rubbing elbows with the people next to you. I'm not sure whether the maitre d' would let you specify one of the more private tables (I didn't try, we just got lucky) but if you're coming here for a special occasion, you should try to do that, or maybe consider a quieter/more private restaurant.Finally, a note on the resos -- if you lurk on OpenTable you will get lucky. People cancel! It happens! We got a reservation on 48 hours' notice.
A little botique resturant, with not more than a dozen tables or so.The staff there was excellent and accomodating, they gave me a call a day before to confirm my reservation. Also I had a very late reservation on a sunday night, I believe 9:45, but they had some last minute cancelations, so they gave me another call telling me I wanted I could come in earlier.Once I was there, I was seated promptly.I believe the menu is constantly changing, but a few things are always the same.Ordered the Bacon Beignets based on review and reccomendations, they were good, but I wasn't crazy about them.I also got a salad, I forget what its called but it had sage in it I think, which was a little odd to me.For entree had some halibut which was really delicious, all my friends generally liked all their food as well. The favors were really pushing the envelope to me in some dishes and was unique.The price was reasonable and not too killer like other michelin rated places. I'd come here more if it wasn't so hard to get a reservation!
We went last week on a Thursday for dinner with no reservation. The wait was extensively long which I wouldn't have minded if there was actually somewhere to wait. "Waiting Area" is by the front door where everyone walks in and out and you are basically in everyone's way. We had the Smoked Bacon Beignets, Kale Salad with Dates and the Quail as an entre. The food was just ok. Prices are a little over the top, but very likely just "a little" overpriced for San Fran. Attendants were very nice trying to make the awkwardness of standing in everyone's way as comfortable as possible. Would recommend an alternative restaurant and think the reviews are a bit over rated.
We live in the neighborhood and eat at Frances a few times a month (note: I only review establishments that I frequent on a regular basis). For the past year, Frances has been my favorite restaurant in the city. It's still the case that reservations can take a few weeks to secure (though you can usually find "off" times available on OpenTable). Pros: The food! Melissa is a genius in the kitchen. You can make a meal out of the smaller plates. Patrick is a fantastic host and will spend time with every diner. If you have a reservation and aren't seated immediately, someone will often bring you a beverage while you wait.Cons: Some servers are better than others. The menu changes only seasonally, so if you eat there frequently, you will exhaust the menu pretty quickly. Even with a reservation, you may have to wait 15 minutes or so to be seated.(Disclaimer: I actually don't like the Lumberjack Cake that everyone raves about.)
This restaurant should be 3.5 stars. I give it to 4 stars because the price is cheaper than other one star Michelin Restaurant.We come here to celebrate my birthday. The is a tiny restaurant with modern design. We order Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets and Panisse Frites for Appetitizer. Both of them are just met the average level, nothing special. It is kind of dry if eating alone, dipping sauce is a plus. I think it should be taken out from the menu for a one star Michelin restaurant. Then, we order Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak and Organic Chicken for entrees. The presentation is nice on both dishes. The chicken is made with Sous-vide technique for seven hours and so juicy and tasty. You won't go wrong when you order this dish. I am guaranteed!! The steak is cooked perfectly with delicate texture and meaty flavor.Last, we have Chocolate Clafoutis and Warm Strawberrry Buttermilk Cake. The Clafoutis is doing excellent with the banana, keeping dessert hot until the last bite. The Buttermilk Cake is just so so, you can skip it. Tips: Make sure to make reservation at least a month or two to secure the date. This cozy restaurant is a gem in San Francisco.
The cocktails are great and the food really is what everyone has been clamoring about. But it's also loud and crowded, and tight. Sometimes the wait staff forget to tell you some important details about your dish (like the bravette steak is served quite raw), or take awhile to make it back to you table.I will always come back but it's not a place I would specify anymore, mainly because of their own success.
Have been wanting to try this place out for months, but could never get a reservation before 10 PM. Today we were able to snag one, and it was definitely worth the wait.The space is tiny, so expect to be dining cozily beside the next table. It can get loud, too, but not any more than most small SF restaurants.We tried the bacon beignets, panisse frites, and calamari, which were great. Our favorite was the panisse frites. While I had heard a lot about the beignets, which were good, they did not blow me away as I had expected.We split a pasta starter and had the steak and salmon. All were excellently prepared and presented. Finished with a strawberry buttermilk cake that was delicious.Service is friendly and attentive. We'll definitely be back!
Another amazing dinner at Frances.Patrick was phenomenal in taking care of us when we arrived. They were running just a tad late but he started us off with a couple of Market Shots that Patrick made himself and engaged us in conversations. Slightly sweet and slightly tart, last night's Market Shot was a golden peach, blackberry, pandan citrus shrub, and agave wine. We were fortunate to sit with Bobi again and his animated personality kept me smiling throughout dinner. In the Ridel wine glasses we poured glass after glass of Frances' house wine, a blend of petite sirah and zinfandel. Panisse frites with the meyer lemon aioli were as amazing as the last time. I knew I was coming back for these irresistible crispy chickpea fritters. The warm bacon beignets dipped in chive crme fraiche were soft and fluffy with wafts of bacon aroma and subtle flavors. Writing about it makes me really want one for breakfast right now.The chicken liver mousse with roasted bing cherries, pistachio, frise and grilled levain was our favorite of the night. (Yes, even more than the Panisse Frites!) The roasted bing cherries added just a hint of sweetness to the creamy and velvety chicken liver mousse. Nothing could have made this dish even better than the char flavors of the grilled levain. Eric uttered a satisfying "that was amazing" when we thoroughly wiped down the mousse and balsamic reduction with our bread.The Watson Farm lamb with summer squash an baked ricotta is a lamb lover's dream. Though not a lamb lover, I appreciated the lamb done in three different ways on the dish. Slices of lamb were seared to somewhere between a medium rare and a medium. Braised lamb meat is wrapped in a crepe, slightly dry but went well with the baked ricotta. Next to it was a small piece of tender lamb rib wrapped by a crispy outer layer. Bittersweet chocolate pot de crme with roasted bing cherries and vino visciole was the creamiest confection. The subtly sweet but strong chocolate flavors pleasantly surprised me. I wish I had order one just for myself. Finishing it all off with a cup of Blue Bottle coffee served in their own carafe was the perfect way to end this quintessential San Francisco meal where the freshest seasonal ingredients meet the artful craft of a rising star.And of course, I was clad in a pair of Louboutin again.
Applaudir! Applaudir! Applaudir! Applaudir... to all four courses! Have you ever had 'gorgeous' food?? Not something I would use to typically describe food, but that's the word that came to mind when looking and tasting this GORGEOUS food!? Frances came highly recommended by a friend at work..when she said they sold wine by the ounce, I had to see and taste it! My best friend and I are always eager to have new food experiences! All four courses were magnifique and such a joy to eat! I wasn't sure if i wanted to Yelp about it so I could keep this little gem all to myself! Rather than waiting 2-3 months for a weekend reservation or coming up on a weeknight, we spontaneously decided to try our luck at getting a seat in the bar where they also serve the full menu. We arrived at approximately 5.15 where two women were already standing out front and of course we immediately started chatting about the food there and couldn't wait to experience this goodness for myself! The bar is first come first served and probably seats about a dozen, verrrrry comfortably if you know what I mean! But having eaten there now understand why people are willing to get so cozy to have a seat! By the time the doors opened @ 5.30pm, there were at least a dozen people standing outside and we were second in line!! By 6.00 every table in the restaurant, which consists of approximately 15 tables, was filled. For first timers, we got prime seating in the bar, the only 2 seats facing the street up against the front window...it was PERFECT! We started out with the wine, of course...Anika had the red and I enjoyed the white. They bring the wine out in tall beaker looking glass bottles and the waiter pours you a taste and you decide from there, how much you would like to drink @ $1 an ounce!For the Plate du Jour was a beautiful Duck Mousse- Medjool Date Butter on Toast, Frisee. The mousse just melted in your mouth, you could have practically drank it down! The toast slightly charred which gave it a very earthy/smoky flavor @ $12.For our Bouchees, we enjoyed the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets with Maple Creme Fraiche & Chive @ $6.50.For our Appetizer, we enjoyed the Dungeness Crab Salad-Little Gems, Tarragon Vinaigrette, Murcott Mandarin @ $12. For our Entrees, we enjoyed the Caramelized Atlantic Scallops-Sunchoke Puree, Roasted Fennel, Nicoise Olive @ $26 and the Red Wine Braised Liberty Farm Duck Leg-Butter Beans, Escarole, Castelvetrano Olive @ $23. We opted out of dessert THIS time! :-)I understand that Chef Porello is constantly changing the menu up with new and exciting dishes..which I can't wait to come back and try! Brilliant food!Fin!
My bf and I went there for a romantic dinner. It was not possible because it was so loud inside that we barely heard each other speak! This place seems to be packed all the time. Actually, the food was excellent but we both got very sick afterwards, so I don't know what happened, but I don't want to go back. On top of that, it was super expensive for what we got.
Wow I guess I'm really in the minority on this one.Saturday night, reservations for 2 at 9:30. We walk in and the place is buzzing but there is no obvious host stand and no one even looks up at us. We stand around confused for 3 minutes before some guy introduces himself and seats us.We ordered a nice bottle of Napa cab only to be told 10 minutes later that it was unavailable. We opted for a different bottle instead, no biggie.The food was just ok. The bacon beignets were bland and dry and everything was standard New American fare.EXCEPT at the end, I found a small gray hair in my food. Lord knows how I missed it until I was halfway done with my entree, but there it was, sticking up and waving hello. I have long black hair so I'm pretty sure it wasn't mine. I would have called the waiter over to tell him, but it took 15 minutes to get his attention, and by then I'd lost my appetite to have anything else or even try the famed lumberjack cake. =(All I left with was some nausea, an overpriced check, and a lukewarm apology from the waiter. I wanted to like this place so badly, but it was an ultimate fail.
You know it's amazing when it moves me from my Yelp lurker status to writing my first review. Well done Frances, well done.Adorable atmosphere. Extremely warm and inviting people (Bobby was fantastic). We had reservations (yes, plan on those months in advance) but the bar area you can just walk-in (though expect a wait). To anyone I date in the future: Take note. I love sitting at the bar for dinner in restaurants...and this is a bar I want to sit at. We had:Panisse Frites: super dense and delicious plus the lemon olive aioli was good enough to just eat off a spoon (or your fingers, I won't judge).Bacon Beignets: the other 3 loved them (I don't eat meat...)Carmelized Scallops: huge portion that when set in front of me I swore I wouldn't be able to finish....but I found a way to polish off every amazing bite once I tasted them.Organic Chicken: my best friend swears that Zuni's chicken would be her last meal...only this one all of sudden made her second guess. Sauteed broccoli w/ fonduta: crazy rich broccoli and cheese. Is broccoli and cheese ever not worth eating?Lumberjack Cake: I don't care how full you are at this point. You're ordering this. Plus, it comes with Humphrey Slocombe Maple Walnut ice cream. Ridiculous.Chocolate & Ricotta Mousse: If you're a chocolate fan this is simple and delicious.Fabulous wine list and post dinner (and possibly a bottle or two of wine) I suggest moving to their house wines that come in carafes...because you won't want to leave (or you may be too full to move) and this way you can just pour another glass at your leisure...
Anniversary surprise at one of the hardest places to get a reservation...Frances.House wine: $1 per ounce is genius!!! When have you ever wanted just a tad bit less or a tad bit more! They fill in a carafe. Every line is 2 oz! the white wine was delicious! Bacon Beignets: the chive creme fraiche was so good with it. The sweetness really complimented the savoryThe Bavette steak was so good. I mean one of the best steaks ever!. The figs were really good with the steak. MUST TRY!When I go out, I absolutely almost never order chicken anything. But I decided to order the chicken, and hands down, best chicken ever. So moist, so flavorful. so... goodAfter reading reviews, we decided to order the lumberjack cake. The maple walnut ice cream was really good! However, I wish I had ordered the clafouti! Must come back!!!
So is Durty South in?There was two of us, so we tried to get through sharing as much of the menu as possible.Bacon beignets with maple creme fraiche evoked a bacon and egg kolache in texture, the hints of bacon sitting perfect with an eggy consistency. Shit's evil-good, my friends. (5/5)Market shot of the day had some bourbon, some stone fruit, some bitters, and all awesome. (5/5)Fried green tomatoes were... serviceable, the ingredients themselves were top-notch, but grand total execution was slightly under-seasoned and paled to such a dynamite opening. (3/5) The other appetizer was pasta, and was pretty darn good, if not earth-shatteringly memorable. Pork, cheese, and decent texture on the noodles. (4/5)Polenta as a side was excellent; creamy and well-seasoned, with good cheese, and naturally candy-sweet corn dispersed throughout.Entrees were outstanding with a halibut on peas that was all-fresh. (4/5)Chicken with "panzanlla" reminded me of fried chicken with peaches (well, it actually was fried chicken with peaches). Texture was tender just to the point of not being mushy, and the panzanella acted as a bridge between the stone fruit and the chicken. Good fun. (5/5)Dessert was generally underwhelming, panna cotta (it seems like everyone is doing this, please don't if you haven't completely mastered it) did not have that "sexy wobble" (2/5), and the lumberjack cake was the usual warm something with ice cream (3/5).I liked the wine, both red and white house options with the $1 by-the-oz pricing. Too bad they ran out of rose.The manager was pretty cool, but our waiter seemed aloof and unenthusiastic.
Everything was great, but two menu items stood out for me: the mushroom risotto and the market shot. I detected beets and berries in the market shot, i think. Whatever it was, it had a nice pronounced flavor, much better than the Foggy Fizz I ordered. That was a run-of-the-mill cocktail, nothing special except a cute name. But ahh, the mushroom risotto. Could swim in it like Scrooge McDuck in his gold. Buttery, smooth, delicious, not runny, thicker consistency than I've seen in other risottos, with big meaty, earthy chunks of porcini mushrooms. They looked like bits of potatoes to me---that's how thick they were. For my entree, I ordered the halibut. It was kind of a last-minute decision. I had decided beforehand to respect my budget and get the chicken at $23, but then I figured, screw it, what's $5 more? I think I made the right choice, because it was so, so smooth with that perfectly balanced halibut flavor, and it flaked apart in juicy chunks. It was a big portion, too; I actually wondered if I could finish it. (For a second; I ended up cleaning my plate.) The fish was served on top of deliciously fresh clams and ripe tomatoes. I bit into one and it squirted everywhere. (That's what she said.)In other news, it may have been me, but I found the bacon beignets too salty (I know, I know, it's bacon, but still), and I also thought the creamed white corn underneath my friend's salmon was a bit on the salty side, too. Lastly, it pains me to report the following, because I thoroughly enjoyed my meal overall. But, in the interest of journalistic integrity: we found a tiny hair in my friend's meal. Yes, shocking, pearl-clutchingly tragic. But not really though -- they apologized and did the right thing and took my friend's dish off the tab. I will not be deterred from coming back.
I haven't written a review in a while, but felt the need to do so for this gem in Castro with the most amazing duck I've ever had. After attending an event on a Tuesday night, Ms. Jason S. booted up the opentable app on her miniature supercomputer (aka iPhone) and was informed that Frances had a table open in 15 minutes. A table where they serve amazing duck. Given that we've heard that it take months to get into this place, we jumped at the opportunity. Well, we might not have actually done any jumping, but we did click "reserve" with some urgency. We were not disappointed. The service was incredibly friendly, the vibe was relaxed but refined and the food was, in my humble opinion, excellent. Best. Duck. Ever. And I loved the wine by the ounce idea. Economical and fair without limiting your ability to turn your teeth whatever color best matches your outfit.As an aside, hooray for the ability to find a nearby, excellent restaurant with open seats with just a few clicks on a phone. For those of you on a long wait list, I suggest checking online a few random times a week. I also suggest having the duck. So, in conclusion, have the duck.
Just finished my first meal here and I was somewhat disappointed. My expectations were pretty high and I should've known better after going to Flour and Water. My main concern is that nothing really had that POP that I expected. As a whole though, everything was really good but nothing extraordinarily good.Reminds me very much like Range, which is also in the Mission. Coincidentally, Range lost its Michelin One-star for 2011 and Frances gained it. I'd be pretty bummed with that but I feel the restaurants are very similar. The best dish we had was the Comice Pear Salad. The Pear sprang do life with that pop type of flavor that I'd expect. I feel this is the must dish of the menu and is worthy to recommend to anyone.What else did we have...-Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets. Nothing to write home about. Tasted more like fritters. The accompanied creme fraiche really overwhelmed the flavor of the applewood smoked bacon and it was hard to get the impression of what the chef was trying to translate to us. -Panisse Frites. Sortof makes you think they are mozzarella sticks made with chick peas. Ok.-Organic Chicken. Good-Black Cod. ExcellentDesserts: Lumberjack, panna cotta, and upside down quince. All pretty good but nothing to die for. One thing I really liked was the house red wine by the ounce. They give you an 18 oz pitcher and you pour the amount you would like. Love how simple it is to help yourself and the price is great too. $1 an oz.As a whole, I think Frances has really good food. I think there are some similar restaurants in the city to Frances and all are just on par with it and or better. Marlowe in SOMA has a similar menu and creativity. However, I think there are certain items on that menu that have a little more pop and uniqueness that Frances doesn't quite have. The food at Range is very similar and the quality is just as good.I would definitely come back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here. When I finished Flour + Water, I had hints that it was a great meal. After Frances, I don't quite get those hints. But don't get me wrong, I wouldn't say no to it. RSVPs can be hard to come by
Frances is about really good ingredients, bringing out flavors in a honest and not over the top way, strong presentation and ultimately a great meal.Its small so you need to book well in advance or drop in to sit by the counter area. The menu continually changes but I have had some of the best grilled calamari there.Everything on the menu is consistently good. Service is also very professional and friendly. You can come here casually dressed, dressed up for a special occasion or just because you feel like it! and feel comfortable. There is no hype with Frances, they work hard to create a great meal and get the details of food, service and drink just right. This is a place I like bringing friends and out of town guests to showcase Californian cuisine at its best.
OHMYFOODGODS!My dinner at Frances was THE MOST DELICIOUS meal I've ever had. We wandered in because every other place in the Castro was crammed solid [Pride weekend]. They were also booked, but said to hang around for a minute and then found us a table right away.My partner and I shared an appetizer and an entree, dessert and 2 drinks, and were utterly stuffed.It seems like the menu changes often, but we had:Bacon beignets - little deadly morsels of goodness.Lamb entree - mouth-watering melt-in-your-mouth heaven.Affogato for dessert - not too specialMarket special drink - some combination of liquor and fruit and bubbly...based on whatever fruit was freshest that day.Glass of a red wine they recommended [one of the lowest in price, that he thought went with our food.]Besides the food being absolutely fantastic, they treat you like you're among The Elite. They offered to take our jackets when we walked in, moved the table [as opposed to our chairs, based on the size / layout I think] when we sat down, refolded our napkins every time they looked bad, made sure our glasses were never empty, spoke to us like they cared and made it feel very personal - despite our obvious detachment from the upper class [sloppy clothes, backpacks, etc]. The place itself is really tiny and you're very close to your neighbors...but since we're all sharing the same, delicious secret...it doesn't matter.
Ten years is a long time to be married, even if you are married to your best friend. When you reach a milestone like ten years, you need to celebrate with a memorable meal. We chose Frances.We had half the menu, and it was all pretty super. The bacon beignets and maple creme fraiche were tender, soft and perfect. The beet salad had a smack of cilantro that surprised us, but in a good way. The beets were sweet and delicious, and the dressing complimented it well. Both bouches cost $6.50 each.The gnocchi was fluffy and rich...my favorite appetizer. I could have eaten an entire plate of the stuff and been very happy. I loved my crab salad, which came with incredibly sweet Cherokee tomato and gem lettuces. It was such a nice, simple plate of food. Each of these appetizers cost $12-13.The chicken was tender, extremely moist, and came with a creamy polenta that melted in my mouth ($23). My husband had the trout, which was pink, light and flaky. The dill sauce and pickled onions were lovely ($24).Dessert was pretty amazing. We had the almond crostata with honey fire nectarine and ollalieberry/English thyme ice cream from Humphry Slocombe. I'm not normally one for herbs in my ice cream, but loved this concoction ($7).The service was professional, courteous, accommodating, but not overly friendly. The Cheesecake Factory this is not. If you want to be chatted up by a guy named Buddy with suspenders full of "flair," Frances is not your place.The entire bill, with a glass of wine for my husband, came to about $150 (tip included.) Very reasonable for what we ordered. The only issue we had was when we were not served two of the sides we ordered by accident. In hindsight, thank God they didn't remember. I don't think I could have eaten it all.Advice for diners going to Frances for the first time? 1) Ask for the bread. They won't bring it unless you ask and it's delicious.2) Go early. If you get a reservation, get it for 5:00 or 6:00. If you're like me and want to avoid really obnoxious drunk people with cash to burn, don't go late. You will still have great food, but you will be crushed by hipsters with a lack of Emily Post.3) Order a good glass of wine. They have a terrific wine selection.4) If you don't have a reservation, go early and get a seat at the bar, which does not require one. We went on a Thursday night and there was plenty of seating when they opened their doors at five. It started getting cramped around six, however.5) If you have restrictions of any kind, tell the waiter. They were very accommodating when I asked for a non-alcoholic beverage, although it was not on the menu. I was given a delicious peach-blackberry spritzer for $4.00.6) Oh, and stay married for a long time. If you hold out for a decade, you get to eat here. TOTALLY WORTH IT.
I've wanted to try this place for awhile but was scared about the filled reservations from now til infinity. Got brave last week and decided to go for a late night drop in dinner with the GF. Had to wait about 30 minutes, but when you are already committed time ain't a thang. Got a bottle of vino and chatted away til we were seated at the bar. Now comes the carnage report. Bacon beignets, baby gem and beet salad, and a white corn soup to start. BAM, corn soup was phenomenal which forced the other two just to play second fiddle. Next up was the bavette steak and halibut. What is a bavette steak? I still don't know, but it tastes great and came with some savory figs that complimented perfectly. The halibut was a big hitter as well, perfectly done with great sides.Didn't have any room for dessert, so we just ordered one. The chocolate cake with the burnt caramel sauce managed to fill every tiny orifice of my stomach that hadn't been managed to fill, and I still wanted to order another. Can't wait for a menu rotation and another chance to stop in.
Another great meal at Frances last night. Tuesday night and the place was packed. The service was outstanding as usual and the food never disappoints. Definitely try the "Risotto" appetizer and the Petrale Sole main if they are still on the menu when you go.
AMAZEBALLS (and I hate this word). This place is delicious, and really defines what a michelin star place should be. Located in the castro, the small neighborhood restaurant seats around 40 people; the tables are intimidate, and I would recommend going in a party no more than 4. For the prestige, I'm very impressed of the low key cozy ambiance, and lack of pretentious stuffiness.What we had:Daily you call it juice shot - delicious, and very refreshingBacon BeignetsPanisse frites - BOMB.com Raditorre pastaBavette steak ScallopsWhite house wineRed house wineThe service was impeccable. I couldn't be happier from the hostess, expediter to our server. They were very helpful and attentive to everything we needed. Besides the food, this place is known for their house wines, and how they bring a carafe to your table, and charge $1 per ounce you drink. Awesome!!! Of everything we ate, I loved the panisse frites and bavette steak, they were both delicious and I highly recommend all to try!!!
I had a wonderful appetizer and parts of my entree were splendid, but really din't enjoy dining at Frances, especially for money. With wine and tip, we're talking about almost $170 for 2 people...that's not crazy expensive but certainly not inexpensive, so it puts one's expectations on highThe restaurant is a lovely design, the menus are elegant and cool, and they do their own sparkling or still filtered water, as do many restaurants including Starbelly a few blocks away.We ordered wine, and they even though the vibe of Frances is bistro with it's rubber stamped menu, they took the wine away from the table and pour it as needed like they do at Coi, except the service wasn't quite prompt enough to make that work: just always a little late on the wine and water pours.I loved my ricotta gnocchi appetizer with morel mushroom, peas and crispy breadcrumbs. My dining partner got calamari with greens, and it was also wonderful, but my entree wasn't great at all. I ordered chicken with peas, asparagus, green garlic and parmesan pudding, but what showed up was more like a wrong turn on Zuni's panzanella salad: a slab of stuffed, rolled roasted chicken on top of big chunks of bread with dense pudding clinging to it. The chicken itself was overcooked and rubbery and the skin, though a lovely chestnut color, wasn't fully rendered and actually flabby. The peas and asparagus were great, but the bread and parmesan pudding was sort of a mess and ugly to boot.Finally, a few notes on service. Here's just a few points for you to consider: we ordered a side dish that came ten minutes into our entree. Really? That's just lame, and even with an apology, it shouldn't have shown up on our bill. Second, the host was gracious enough to take my coat as we were seated, but our server didn't bring it back, even after we paid. Instead of yelling over the din of the crowd, I just went and got it myself. That's another thing to keep in mind, this place is mind-blowingly LOUD. If you don't enjoy yelling, you might want to go someplace else.Finally, if Frances ever had been a cool little neighborhood place with some elegant sophistication that you'd feel good about dropping some dough on, your generous feeling won't be rewarded. It felt like an episode of the Real Housewives of Marin County in there. You could actually feel people holding themselves back from checking their Blackberries.
Food: 3.5 starsService: 4 starsI was so excited to finally eat here, but perhaps with that anticipation, my expectations were too high. The bacon beignets were good but nothing memorable. The peach salad was good - my husband liked it better than I did. I was a huge fan of the corn soup, though. After reading Yelp reviews, we shared the bavette steak. It was not at all as good as I had hoped. It was chewy and a bit too salty. Sad.We skipped on dessert. There are too many restaurants in SF that are great and easier to get into for me to return.
Good but I was hoping for more. The beignets were good but a little too doughy for me. The sunchoke soup was fine - it just didn't blow my mind. The fact that I can't remember the entrees says something.
With all the hub-bub surrounding Frances, we couldn't resist...We made a reservation 6-weeks in advance and it was well worth the wait (Although we learned that you can usually randomly sneak in and try to grab a seat at the bar...you can still order off their full menu!). We walked in and immediately were greeted by the super friendly manager. Instant conversation striker and smiles, smiles, smiles! While waiting we tried on of his daily shots. Yum. $3.00 for a lil starter shot! All through the night, we had wonderful service...a GREAT PLUS!Why would we not get the Bacon Beignets? They're pretty filling, but eat 'em while they're hot, because the longer you wait, the more heavy it gets...but they're delightful little joys of happiness...! The Chickpea Fritters were good as well--try to eat them before the beignets...they'll be tastier and not overpowered by all that is BACON. They're light, crispy and the perfect starter.Unfortunately, the Red Kuri Squash Soup was nothing to gawk at. I could've done without and didn't allow for room in my tummy for our main dish. Boo.I'm sure the Soul Food Farm Chicken would have been AMAZING had I not been full over the appetizers...The polenta was probably the best polenta I've ever had (I don't care too much for it...) and the pieces of peach were a nice touch! It was a very light dish with perfect chicken medallions, dark wrapped in white meat. Genius.We were too full to order dessert but they offered us the Lumberjack cake anyway...Who are we to turn down free dessert? Don't let the name fool you. It was a light and fluffy, homemade slice of cake that was sweet, without being too sweet and satisfying for any sweet tooth. Thanks, Waiter for translating "No Dessert, Thanks" to "Lumberjack, Please! Thanks!"Great date spot that is slightly romantic and casual ambiance.
Delightful. Delirious. Delectable. Double Fives!What ho: a Michelin 1 star before the property is beyond a year in age. An overly jubilant team. A cozy room robust in awe of the offerings. A menu that can drive any foody crazy. A wine list that has NO equal....or wines-by-the-ounce: how naively novel! Fini. Tutto bene.
I'd say the three times I have had dinner at Frances have been enjoyable. I tend to prefer the bouchees and the appetizers more than the entrees. They are interesting little bites that keep you interested and wanting more. Whereas the entrees are not all that exciting.
This is a quintessential San Francisco Restaurant.It's a chef owned, Small-ish, Quaint, neighorhood gem with inventive food, fresh ingredients, and great prices.  If I lived a few blocks away, and reservations were a lot easier to get, I could easily come to this restaurant once a month.I loved the service, especially the front of the house. We didn't have any entrees, just appetizers. We had an amazing corn soup. Most corn coups are roasted corn purees, but this was more like cream of corn soup. This soup was not your grandma's cream of corn. this corn soup was heaven in bowl.Of course, its summer, so stone fruit is definitely a favorite on local menus, and Frances is no different. We had not one, but two dishes with gloriously delicious peaches. The first was a peach salad with sliky smooth burrata, olive oil, pepper, and arugala. Yes, this dish was something I could make at home if I went across the entire city searching for the best produce, cheese, and oil I could get my hands on, but for $9, I rather just buy it at Frances. We also got grilled calamari which was very very good. It was ultra tender, and seasoned perfectly. I wish it had a little more of an aggressive charred/smokey flavor from more aggressive grilling, but it was very good nonetheless.We had a pasta dish that added all the right components: "bread crumbs" for texture, pancetta (richness), a beautifully aged pecorino, and my favorite mushroom ever, chantrelles. It might not be the most innovative pasta ever, but it was comforting and decilious.We also got bacon beignets. They were crispy on the outside and oh so soft on the inside. They were supposed to be served with a nice maple creme fraiche but the maple was super subtle. I was expecting something savory-sweet, but it was just plain savory. For dessert we had a nice simple dessert with creme fraiche, berries, peaches, and nice cake. It wasn't that sweet. It was perfect.Some of the other desserts seemed super sweet, so we are glad we opted for the peaches. For the price, I don't think I have had a better meal in SF so far.
Frances was the beginning to an amazing night. We were able to snag a two seats at the bar facing the kitchen. The meal began with an elderberry cocktail, delicious and summery.Appetizers were the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets. Ahh-mazing. Smokey and sweet all at the same time. The grilled calamari were done in an Asian style, not what we were expecting.Next was the heirloom tomato salad with the little gem lettuce. The salad was perfectly dressed with the buttermilk vinaigrette. The lettuce was juicy, I know sounds funny but it was. We also had the white corn soup with ancho chile creme fresh and lime salt. It was tasty, but the best bites were those with the lime salt in them. More lime would have made this dish perfect.For entrees we ordered the organic chicken and the bavette steak. The chicken came in a roulade, unfortunately there was only stuffing in the middle instead of all the way through. The put the skin back on the chicken but alas it was soggy and not crispy. This dish caused the loss of a star. The steak was perfectly cooked and all around tasty.If you have room at the end of your meal, order the "Lumberjack" cake. It is an applecake which I have a soft spot for with a maple walnut ice cream. Appley without being too sweet.
We waited over two months to get a table here on a weekend, but it was well worth the wait!Their menu changes weekly, and it was short, but sweet. We started out with two of their bouchies; we got the applewood smoked bacon beignets & chickpea fritters. As others have mentioned, the bacon beignets were amazing, and a lot more filling that expected for the price. Goodbye bikini figure; welcome clogged arteries ;)For the appetizer, we shared the celery root soup, which was also delightful, and probably a bit healthier. For our entres, I went with the Sonoma Duck breast, I usually never eat duck, but this was a pleasant surprise. My husbands steak was also mouth watering!Their drink menu was extensive, but we opted for their own, blended house wine that are being sold by the ounce, and had one carafe of white to the appetizers and one carafe of red, to the entrees. We didn't have room for dessert, hopefully next time! I definitely want to come back, delicious food at a reasonable price, served with a smile - that will put a star in my book, as well as in the Michelin Guide!
Wow!! What a great meal!!Based on all of the reviews we decided to just order from the bouchees and appetizers. We went with the bacon beignets, panisse frites, grilled calamari and ricotta gnocchi. Everything we ordered was just amazing. The bacon beignets were to die for, not too overpowering but just the best thing I have ever had.As far as booze goes, we started with the market shot and then went on to the house wine. Both delicious and totally affordable.The only reason Frances didn't get 5 starts was the lack of appealing entrees. I wish the lamb was still on the menu, I would have loved to have tried it.
The service was good, but the food was disappointing. Very loud and cramped. The tables are so close together, you feel like people from the next table are sitting in your laps. To get in and out from the seats against the wall, you have to move the table out in order to get in or out. Is this against the fire code?Bacon Beignets: Light bacon flavor, the Maple Crme Frache didn't go with the Beignets.Grilled Calamari: Very small portion of fresh squid, not very flavorful.Dungeness Crab Salad: Fresh crab, lettuce was overdressed and a bit too salty.Spugnole pasta and sausage: Great. the best dish of the evening.Bavatte Steak: The steak was cooked perfectly, unfortunately the sauce was too salty and lacks acid.Atlantic Scallops: The scallops were fresh and well prepare, I don't usually complaint about portions. But, 3 small scallops for a main entre? For the price that you pay, for just okay food, in a very cramped and loud place. we would not return. Overrated...
Although I'm glad that Frances is getting a lot of good press, it is no longer the neighborhood restaurant that it's often described as. A neighborhood restaurant is a place where you feel welcome. Where even if you don't have a reservation you can get a seat at the bar and grab a quick bite to eat. Good neighborhood restaurant = Nopa. I dropped by today to see if I could grab some appetizers/light dinner. The place is small and was packed. I knew all this - I'd been before. However, I've never been so totally ignored as I was at Frances tonight. I waited patiently by the door as wait staff bustled around me. Several looked to the door to scan who was waiting there but no one approached me. After 5 minutes, another couple came in behind me. After a few more minutes, the waiter told them they would be seated soon. Then after a few more minutes the host came up and chatted to them and gave them kiss kisses. Meanwhile, they both glanced in my direction then ignored me. Finally after 10-15 minutes I stopped another waiter and said I had been waiting a while and I just wanted to know if they had any seats available at the bar. During the time I was waiting, the group at the bar had left and now there were clearly 2 chairs open there. The waiter had to go talk to the head waiter, who informed me that unfortunately the last 2 chairs at the bar were just taken by the couple who came in behind me. Funny, because I would have thought that since they came in a while after me, that those 2 chairs would have been mine.I can only surmise that:a) Frances lets you call ahead for seating but this is a secret.b) Frances is willing to seat regulars/favorites ahead of other customers.This experience has now soured me on the whole "isn't it great to have Frances only 2 blocks from home" experience and I probably won't be coming back.Frances = not so great neighborhood restaurant
On my last visit to SF we were fortunate enough to get a reservation to Frances (maybe fortunate is the wrong word, we had the forethought to reserve 3 months ahead of time).The meal was of high quality, the service was exceptional, the price was fantastic, the gnocci was perfection.
Even though we were snug at a bar table top, it was still an amazing dinner from start to finish.To start I never thought I could be "wowed" by a heirloom tomato salad - but on this day @ Frances, I was. The most memorable tomatoes I've ever had....juicy, sweet and perfect.My bf and me went all out and ordered everything -- starting with the apricot market shots. Perfect little summer drink. Every girly girl would order them based on their cute bubble glass appearance. The wine list is great...can't go wrong with their picks.Everyone has been chatting about the bacon beignets and that's where I disagree - they were OK. Lacking flavor, bacon bits were small and I was not impressed. My favorite savory beignet will still stand @ Brenda's (crawfish beignet) is unreal.The Sonoma duck breat and saffron risotto, pan roasted peppers are top on my list - the dishes were perfectly balanced and delicious.A must try for a humble, California casual dining experience...
Things I loved about Frances:- the homey neighborhoody feel- the fact that the prices were surprisingly reasonable for the quality of food and they have a michelin star- the market shot that was delicious and based on the pears that were in season - what a great way to start a meal!- their house wine isn't too expensive and charged by the ounce- the bacon beignets- the lumberjack cake- found parking nearby right awayThings that held Frances back from a five star review from me:- The main courses were a little underwhelming- I loved the lumberjack cake, but mainly because of the ice cream, which was from Humphry Slowcombe- I felt like the waiter kept encouraging to drink more wine ("not done with the 18 ounce pitcher yet?")...I would have loved to, but I had to drive!Definitely worth checking out in terms of new restaurants that have opened up this year in SF (though I'd go to Baker and Banker first). Also, beware of how difficult it can be to get reservations. Luckily, I got reservations a day before - I called the day after the Giants made the World Series guessing that there might be some cancellations during the first home game and it worked out!
Great evening on 11.5.11!Friendly, Comfortable, Tasty and back to Friendly...just some of the best customer service I have had in SF. The staff and the owner (I think) were all so attentive and seem to really care about their product and service level.I will be back.:)
Hearing so many things about Frances, I knew I had to try it. Some persistent OpenTable stalking yielded an available reservation, and I quickly snatched it up.We started off with this amuse bouche of sorts.Rosemary Lavender Almonds - I found these to taste like regular almonds, with no trace of rosemary or lavender. Odd. I thought it was just me until my dining companion agreed too.Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - maple creme fraiche and chives: Warm and fluffy, these beignets had a strong, but not overwhelming, bacon flavor. They were a little denser than I had expected, but were still good.Salsify and Pacific Oyster Chowder - creamed leeks and creme fraiche: There weren't any chunks of oyster in this soup, but the flavor was evident. Light and creamy, the soup had a deep "sea" flavor, with some sweetness from the leeks and a little tartness from the creme fraiche. Very enjoyable, especially on a very cold night.Parmesan and Ricotta Gnocchi - Boccalone pancetta, chanterelles, napa cabbage: The gnocchi were pretty dense, though very soft. The chanterelles were fantastic and, in tandem with the pancetta, added the bulk of the flavor to this dish.California Black Cod - roasted winter squash, melted leeks, chanterelles: The fish was very moist, flaky, and had good flavor. I liked the creamy squash, as well as the return of the wonderful chanterelles.Braised Liberty Farm Duck Leg - Italian butter beans, chicories, Sicilian olives: This duck was very tender with a crispy skin. The meat was moist and flavorful, and I thought the creamy butter beans worked really well alongside. The rich and deeply flavored jus really brought everything together quite nicely.Creamed Winter Greens - broccoli di ciccio & red russian kale: I was pleased to find that these vegetables weren't soaking in a thick and heavy cream sauce; instead the cream was quite light and did not overpower these delicate greens."Lumberjack Cake" - bartlett pear, medjool dates, maple-walnut ice cream: I'm not really even sure what was in this cake, other than the bits of pears and dates. It looked rather plain, but was surprisingly moist and sweet. The maple-walnut ice cream (from Humphry Slocombe) was delicious.The Boozy Affogato: This affogato was an amalgamation of two of San Francisco's more notable gourmet purveyors: Humphry Slocome (for the ice cream) and Blue Bottle Coffee (for the espresso). I enjoy myself an affogato - add a little liqueur, and you've got something pretty special.Frances was a very good meal, though I found it a little underwhelming. Granted, given all the critical acclaim, I had very high expectations coming in. While I thought the food was definitely strong, it didn't really stand out in any way. The entrees (the cod and duck) were probably the highlights for me, as both were perfectly cooked with spot-on flavors.
My dining experience at Frances was awesome. You have to try the Chickpea fritters and smoked applewood bacon beignets, I don't know why these two were supposed to be considered small bites because I was full after my partner and I were finished with these scrumptious delights. I had the duck, girlfriend had the snapper and they were both wonderful, ordered one dessert but they brought out 2 just to give us a taste of the other sweets they had. The wait staff was very kind and warm, nothing stuffy or stuck up about this place.Make a reservation though. That would be my one and only complaint about this place, you can't just say "hey lets go to Frances tonight" because you won't even be able to get in the door (for a couple weeks).
So...their house wine (white or red) is $1/oz. Five stars. The end....Just kidding. Their food was also amazing:Bacon beignets - moist and delicious.Calamari salad - the calamari had the best texture - super tender.Ricotta gnocchi - my friend thought it was good but not fantastic. I thought it was awesome.Heirloom tomato salad - the tomatoes were so sweet. It's not the most impressive dish, though.Saffron risotto - good, not spectacular.Lamb - THIS IS THE BEST THING. Lamb three-ways. The (sous-vide?) lamb had zero lamb taste, and it was so tender and moist. The lamb (belly?) had more of a lamb taste, but it really was amazing with the crisp fat. I'm not even going to guess how the last lamb was prepared, but it tasted like tuna and had the texture as well - weird and interesting and strangely delicious.We noticed that the table next to us, who also sat down maybe 5 minutes before us, got the EXACT SAME DISHES. It was like we dined by a mirror, except my reflection was a girl, and my friend's reflection was...well, a sugar daddy.All in all, worth the month and a half wait for a reservation? Absolutely.
After six months of living in the city this is the winner. Service and food are excellent. We came in on a Friday night without reservation and had to wait quit awhile. They took great care of us while we waited and can't wait to go back. Will make reservations next time...:) order all of the small plates and get the duck!!
We waited two full months to celebrate my sisters' birthdays here. Perhaps it was the great company that had to do with it, but I really enjoyed our meal here. We literally ordered everything on the menu, plus the two specials, minus the pea soup and minus two of the desserts. I can say that the food is all over consistent, fresh and delicious!Started with the apricot market shot. Good - might as well try it for $3. The wines by the glass and house wine were quite reasonable. My favorites: Chickpea fritters, chicken wings, chicken liver mousse, bacon beignetsAll of the entrees were great - all cooked just right! The steak was especially yummy. Try the sides - the butter beans were tasty...mmm. The escarole was surprisingly good too. My least favorites: calamari salad (good, but something soggy in it, trottoloni pasta (too creamy). Desserts were good, but nothing that special. Overall, everything was reasonably priced (about $70 pp), especially given the quality of food. Service was great too. I will definitely be back!
Wow. What a fabulous dining experience. The bacon beignets were as advertised and the scallops were delectable and, hands-down, the best scallop dish I've ever had and arguably one of the best entrees I've ever had at a restaurant.Our ordering process for our table of 4 went something like this: "we'll take one of everything, plus the liver mousse special, minus these two salads." You should do the same and eat family-style so you can experience everything Frances has to offer.I love the menu items, which I'd call traditional with a twist and bursting with flavor. Even the entrees I didn't love as much (bavette steak) were still very good. But the scallops, duck and bass were must-tries, as was the liver mouse special app and beignets. Goes without saying that services was great, wine by the ounce can't be beat, and I can't wait to go back!
I debated taking one star off for having to make the reservation 2 months in advance.However, that being said, we had a phenomenal meal. I think I was most impressed for the value for the price we paid.We decided to start off with the Market Shot ($3 for a 3 oz shot)--the shot of the night was orchard peach juice mixed with black tea and white wine...pretty much tasted like punch. It was yummy--i could have easily had a few of those, but chose to pace myself.I also had the house red which is served by the ounce...and at a $1 an ounce, you really can't go wrong. (they also have a house white and a house rose....next time....)Instead of appetizers, we decided to load up on the bouchees. We had:bacon beignets--amazing--the maple creme fraiche really helped bring out the flavorschickpea frites: really good too, but i didn't love the lemon peppr aioli...mainly because i don't really like aioli in general. the texture was creamy and the cornmeal gave it a nice crispness and texture.charred spring onion dip: thing of it like a classed up version of the dip you have at tailgate parties. I was all into it...and dipped my chickpea frites in it--which turned out to be a good move.for the entree, we decided to split the steak and the chicken. The steak was served on a bed of spinach with some olive oil potatoes and artichokes and the chicken came with panzanella and grilled nectarines.Both entrees were equally well cooked and expertly seasoned. So excellent. However in comparison, the entrees were smaller portions than I expected.Lastly, for dessert we had the lemon panna cotta and the lumberjack cake. both desserts were great and those are actually larger than i expected--easily could be shared by two, because by the time they got there i was stuffed.We topped it off with some blue bottle coffee and dinner was a wrap.I will definitely go back again...but I'd likely try to do a walk in unless I want to wait another two months for a reservation.
I have to pretty much agree with Mark K's review in giving my opinion of Frances. Everything is good but nothing jumps out at me and nothing I ate said "I need to come back and eat this again!" I also agree that the restaurant is very similar to Range in some respects but the food and the service at Range are far superior in my opinion and they have been doing it much longer! This was our second trip to Frances, because I think you really can't review a restaurant objectively unless you have eaten there more than once. So, after our second visit and waiting again almost two months for a reservation, I think I'm done and don't really need to go back. I don't understand what all the hype and 5 star reviews are about and frankly, there are MANY other better restaurants to eat at in this city! Don't get me wrong, the food was good, everything was well prepared, the service was good, not outstanding, the space is nice, if a bit small and very noisy but overall, it's just not memorable! The one thing I liked was the wine by ounce. A very clever and practical idea and something I wish more restaurants would adopt! So, sorry Frances, we gave you two tries and we won't be back!
These reservations were a pain to secure -- had to go on Open Table at midnight right when they opened. But it was worth it. Cocktails were just so-so, I thought, but everything else was superb (won't go into specific details on dishes because the menu constantly changes). I went with three other people, and we all ordered different apps and entrees. The menu is so small that this basically encompassed most of the menu, and everything ranges between very good to outstanding. The desserts were top-notch, too, and the service was super friendly. One of our party accidentally left something behind at the restaurant, and they were very helpful in getting it back to her.
Let's skip the intro and get straight to the point. Frances is an absolute gem of a place, and I was super excited to snag reservations for a Sunday night after the Nike Women's Marathon. After an early morning and running 13.1 miles, I was in dire need of some good eats to bring up my mood. Yeah, I didn't get straight to the point..Our reservations were for 8:15PM, but when we got there a table wasn't available right away. Instead of just having us wait like orphans we were each (4 of us total) given one of their "market shots" as an apology for waiting. The market shot changes daily as it's prepared with items found that day. The one we tried had pear puree, white wine, and some other alcohol to tie it together. Instantly I was impressed, because if you can make a fantastic daily drink, then chances are you can put together a solid menu.We had the following "bouches" which are small bites (enough for 4 people to each get a taste):Applewood smoked bacon beignets - these little puffs of dough had a great balance of sweet and savory and the while not being too heavy. I'm not a beignet expert by any means but everyone seemed to agree that they are definitely worth the calories!Panisse Frittes - looking at the menu we somehow got it in our minds that the frittes would be similar to falafel since it was made from chickpeas. WRONG. The frittes are pressed into a rectangular log and have a nice battered outside with the inside having a nice thick paste like texture. These by far were one of my favorite items. Added with the tomato aioli..heaven!As an appetizer we tried the chicken liver mousse. Now I know chicken liver has a really strong taste to it, and that if you don't find it appealing it's generally not a good idea to even order it. BUT the chicken liver mousse at Frances is just fantastic. It's flavorful not not overly so and with the dried fruit, everything just comes together quite nicely. My only gripe would be that not enough bread is given for the mousse spread The server did come back with more bread, but it would have been nice to just have had it in the first place.We also got the Ricotta Gnocchi which was fantastic. I'm a little biased since I love potatoes, and I love dumplings and any marriage of the two is instantly a favorite of mine. Now on to the main entres:Soul Food Farm Chicken: this thing was just amazing. A staple on their menu it comes served in a giant udon type bowl. The chicken is juicy and flavorful and sits on a bed of creamy polenta with some sort of fruit on the side. I tried a bite off my friend and instantly wished I could have more.Farm Lamb - The lamb was great, but paled in comparison to the chicken. It was prepared in three ways, seared, ribs, and into a meatloaf fashion. I get a little iffy on lamb sometimes since I worry that it'll have a gamey taste to it, but didn't come across that problem.We also shared orders of the sides which were amazing. The squash was delicious and the butter beans looked a little like mac n cheese at first! Both are great additions to any of the entres.Since we had just finished the race, our server was super sweet and decided to comp us one dessert. Instantly our eyes were drawn to the "Lumberjack Cake" and we went with that along with the Crostata. Words can hardly describe how amazing the maple-walnut ice cream goes together with the cake. If you only get one dessert, that should be the one. It's the dessert that everyone will fight over the last piece and all sorts of propriety goes out the window. Alas after following the Lumberjack Cake, the Crostata was only "OK". It was tasty, but given the chance, I'd just be ordering more of the L.C.Frances was a great dining experience. Located in the Castro you won't be in want of something to do post meal. I'll definitely be making a point of returning the next time I'm in San Francisco like really..I need some more of that chicken!
I think my expectations were too high. Don't get me wrong, everything was pretty good but some things were talked up a little too much, you know?my favorite: the parsnip soup!! the service, the ambiancegood: the risotto, the duck, the dessert (forgot what it was called.) reasonable priceseh: bacon beignets, being so close to the people sitting next to you.yuck: steak. no flavor :( get the duck instead.not sure i'd come back but i'm glad i tried it :)
A BIG shout out to Dama H. for giving me the honor of taking her reservations at Frances off her hands tonight.This was the best dinner I have had in a long time, and it was a perfect end to a crappy day.I completely understand why this place is so hard to get into - the food is amazing and the service is impeccable; not at all pretentious, and you feel completely welcome.The food stands on it's own - every single dish was prepared with care and presented perfectly. My friend and I had the following:Grilled Calamari: Perfectly balanced; the warm bean salad and olives complemented the calamari nicely, it was tender and so so delicious.Ricotta Gnocchi: My friend described it as "cotton candy"...yes, that was true in terms of texture, but was not only the gnocchi itself that was so fantastic - it is served with fresh white corn and grilled heirloom tomatoes and chanterelle mushrooms...I can't even begin to describe how good this dish was.Watson Farm Lamb: This lamb was served three different ways; all delicious - and to top it off it was sprinkled with fried okra!Saffron Risotto: This risotto is what my risotto strives to be - super creamy, yet light, and complemented nicely by little baby heirlooms and lobster mushrooms. I will definitely order this again if it is available.Grilled Brentwood Corn and Friarelli Peppers: We decided to try both sides offered as I love vegetables...they were both prepared simply enough so that the flavors of the main ingredients shone through, but were not overpowered by extra seasoning or sauces. The peppers were grilled with olive oil and a sprinkling of fleur de sel, and topped off with a squeeze of lemon. Yum.For our dessert we had the Ridge Cut Cornmeal Pound Cake - it was so good, I almost ate the whole thing, leaving my friend with an empty bowl, while she sat and conversed with the couple sitting next to us. The crunchy texture of the poundcake juxtaposed with the creaminess of the ice cream was heavenly. To top it off, some fresh peaches were sprinkled about to give it that perfect summer freshness. The house red wine was really good too, and the fact that you only pay for what you drink makes it even better. Never mind the fact that my friend and I finished off two whole carafes by ourselves - it was pretty cheap - $18 each! All in all, I will wait the 2 months until I can get my next table at Frances (seriously, it's 2 months from now) because it's just that damn good.THE END
We had a great meal at the bar, which is for walk-ins. We tried to make a reservation for 2, but the next available opening was about 6 weeks away! The seating is a bit cramped at the bar, with chairs close together and not much counter space.My steak was perfectly prepared, the beet salad was delicious, the free bread was nice and warm, and the salmon was great as well.The staff is very friendly and inviting.The price is a bit on the higher end ($$$ seems right).
Look, this is a great place with only minor complaints, you should go if you can. I bagged a reservation on a Saturday night a few hours beforehand, it seems by chance, on open table.Here's my irritations that robbed them a star: Really tight seating if you are in the main strip of the restaurant.I wish my duck had a little more sear on the outside.That's it. Everything else was great. I'll be spending an afternoon hitting refresh continually on Open Table some weekend soon to go back...
We had a great dinner last week. As walk-ins, we were seated in the bar area. The small room is small, clean, stylish and comfortable, adjectives that perfectly describe the service. Our waiter was terrific - friendly, informative, able to pace our meal perfectly.I ordered the bacon beignets with some reservations. I was an early advocate of the deliciousness of pig, and now I kinda think it's overdone. You know what I mean - a so-so dish that is kept because they added bacon, or a perfectly good dish that has pig added to no real benefit. The beignets make the cut. The beignets were deliciously flaky, and the taste of both pork and saltiness from the bacon were a fantastic compliment to the beignet. I also had the fried green tomatoes and risotto. Taste, texture and balance were all great.We loved the house "wine by the ounce". The house wine (custom blended with Frances' sommeiller) was very nice, reasonably prices, and the choice to let us get exactly how much we wanted was really fun. The wine list itself is surprising, and the unusual bottle we got was very satisfying.As a separate note, I've watched their location for quite some time. I'm super happy to see such a great fit for this charming but particular location.
yup, it's everything you heard. This small Castro restaurant has some of the best small and large plates I've encountered this year in SF. Friendly warm atmosphere and staff combined with locally sourced ingredients. Not pretentious at all - where else can you get the house wine served in beaker flasks for $1 an ounce?We basically ordered the entire menu and shared for the table of four. Smiles and full stomachs.There are really no bad dishes but of particular note - the Guinea Hen, the corn side, the bacon beignets...
I had a date with Frances recently, and she completely stole my heart.From the moment we sat down, the experience could not have been more special. The seating is tight tight tight in this tiny space, but they manage to make it feel cozy rather than cramped. And the close quarters actually worked to our advantage - our table neighbors immediately offered us tastes of their wine from their personal cellar - including a St. Emillion 1975 1st Grand Cru. Hello, am I dreaming?The wait staff at Frances is exceptional. Everyone who approached our table was friendly, funny, smiley, and warm. The timing of the meal was executed perfectly.But onto the food and drink...first, we started off with 2 house shots. What they do is make one mixed drink and serve it as shots for $3 - what a great concept. It was something orange-y and refreshing, and just the right amount to get our taste buds teased and ready.We started with the Panisse Frites (chickpea flour fries) and Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - heaven!! I would highly recommend both of those starters - comfort food, but done in an elegant way.  Next we had the Baby Calamari Salad which was delicious and fresh, and had tiny currants in it to give an unexpected sweet bite of flavor. With that we had the Little Gems Salad with Dungeness Crab, Kumquat, and Avocado vinaigrette - I have never gushed about lettuce leaves, but I will now - WOW. That lettuce was something else - so fresh, so crisp, perfectly dressed and with so much crab.Next we had the Ricotta Gnocchi and Caramelized Atlantic Scallops. The gnocchi was not the favorite (I prefer the texture of potato gnocchi), but the scallops were perfectly seared and had a nice garnish of leeks and pea shoots - so of-the-season.You may be full after your meal, but by all means do not skip the Hot Buttered Madeira. What a wonderful, soothing cup of velvety goodness - it will warm you for days. We paired this with the Lumberjack Cake and our meal was complete.Next time you have a special occasion or just the need to treat yourself really well, book yourself a table at Frances (book far in advance) and sit back and enjoy the ride.
Bad customer service. Well, what really does that mean? I had a reservation set for a Saturday night, and ended up canceling it last minute. Hey, I still had the courtesy to cancel it rather than just leave it there and have it be wasted. Even the OpenTable email said "Thank you for taking the time to cancel and making this table available to other diners." Within minutes, I get an angry voice mail about it from one of the staffers there. Are you telling me that table of 4 would be so difficult to fill at that point? I bet there were handfuls of people waiting already from potential walk-ins. To make matters worse, an hour later they went ahead and canceled my future reservation for Memorial Day weekend. Really, Frances? Is that what you do to people who have last minute emergencies at times? I've come here twice now with rave reviews, and this just puts a salty taste in my mouth. Nice to know they can act like 5 year olds. Really professional.
The best food in the Castro but pales in comparison to other well known restaurants in the city. Not bad, not stellar - just Frances.
Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the meal here. Every dish was pretty much perfectly prepared incorporating fresh, seasonal ingredients. Frances really exudes a lot of the personality and feel of a typical San Francisco restaurant. It's the unpretentious air that is carried throughout the food and ambiance of the restaurant. There are no frills or gimmicks, and it's just about the fresh quality of the ingredients simply prepared into organicallly delicious dishes. it was well before 6pm, there was already a group of people waiting outside and a completely packed dining room inside. The restaurant is not very big at all. Although the intimate layout of the tables felt quite tight at times, the friendly service of the entire wait staff and the warm cozy ambiance lessened the awkwardness I felt listening to the conversations of the tables on either side of us.-Bacon Beignets:The beignets were surprisingly light (as light as a beignet can be) with a very subtle hint of bacon flavor. The inside was warm and doughy but not too dense, so it was reminiscent of a biscuit without being as heavy. I almost wished for a little more salty bacon flavor, but the Maple Crme Frache and Chive sauce was kind of like a lighter Ranch dressing and added that slightly sweet yet herby flavor.-Grilled Calamari: This is more of a salad with very small slices of grilled calamari. It tasted fine, but if you're looking for traditional calamari, you might be disappointed. -Trottoloni Pasta: Trottoloni are large fat coil-shaped pasta and were perfectly al dente. The spiral shape helped scoop up the light buttery sauce which was rounded out by the earthiness of the Chanterelle mushrooms and smoky saltiness of the pancetta.-King Salmon:The Salmon was nicely cooked with a crispy skin on the outside and medium pink-colored and succulent fish on the inside. The meyer lemon gremolata spread across the top of the fish added some nice citrus accents and the creamy bed of white corn and wild mushrooms completed the dish. -Bavette Steak: Meat was well cooked with a bordelaise sauce, but the potato gnocchi was quite good. It had the starchy texture of gnocchi, but it was slightly pan-fried on the outside which gave it a crispiness-Lumberjack Cake: It was a bready cake filled with Gravenstein apples and medjool dates them served with a scoop of maple-walnut ice cream. The cake had some interesting texture and was quite scrumptious without being sweet. I definitely recommend Frances and I would definitely add it to my list of restaurants worthy of repeat visits.For more details and pictures, please visit: jenneeandthecity.wordpre
Girlfriend was celebrating her birthday here and made reservations 2 months in advance so I was VERY excited to try this restaurant. Just a heads up that this review is long and detailed. Restaurant is small and can get a little loud. More casual than I was expecting.Started with the bacon beignets and panisse frites (chickpea fritters). I highly recommend the bacon beignets. They're not light and fluffy, but reminded me of those small cheesebreads you get at Brazilian restaurants (Pao de quejo). So tasty and it came with this creme fraiche sauce with chives. Yum. The chickpea fries were a pass. They had a really interesting smooth consistency... but I can't really explain why I didn't like it. They tasted/smelled a little funky because of the chickpea, yet it didn't taste like hummus. I was surprised I didn't like it. Dungeness Crab Salad came with little gems, tarragon dressing and mandarin oranges. It was tasty and they weren't too stingy on the crab but nothing like "OMG-I'm-going-to-die" amazing combination. Just a solid salad. I did also order the Roasted Fennel and White Bean soup. That came with two large shrimps, bacon, kale, a couple of beans and then they poured the soup on top. Man... I thoroughly enjoyed that soup and it was worth the $12. The shrimp was cooked perfectly too and not overcooked, which can happen with large jumbo shrimp. The shrimp was already de-tailed and de-shelled. I liked that the bowl was warm too! Happy the plates were warm/hot.There were only 4 entrees and we all ordered a different one. The best one was definitely the scallop dish. Caramelized Atlantic Scallops (3), sunchoke puree, roasted fennel, and olives. That caramelized part of the dish was so good and the scallops were cooked perfectly. The only problem was that you only get 3 scallops and it's $27! Flavor-wise that was the most delicious dish. Risotto was a swiss cheese risotto with mushrooms and kale. The risotto was delicious but extremely rich and creamy! I would not be able to eat an entire plate of it.My roommate got the duck. It was served on a bed of butter beans, escarole and olives. The duck was cook perfectly (medium rare) and unfortunately, I was so busy tasting ALL of the food, that I wasn't really paying attention when I tried to duck. It was good, but I can't remember details so probably not like outstanding.I got the bavette steak with toasted farro ragout, mushrooms and baby fava greens. The steak was cooked medium rare and not the most tender cut of meat (but I was expecting that with bavette steak). Honestly, the steak itself could have used a little bit more taste but there was this red sauce on the plate (I'm guessing some type of wine sauce?) was really good. However, the grain soaked up all the sauce. The grains with the mushrooms were really tasty and full of flavor (that they probably soaked from all the sauce). However, at this point in the night, I was so full from the apps and the soup (I was the only one who ordered an additional appetizer for herself) that I could like barely eat my entree. Yet, somehow I was stuffing my face still but I was really full.We got the two side dishes too. The brussel sprouts are a pass. The roasted delicata squash was very interesting. They cut it and kept the skin on so it was like "rings of squash" that has been grilled and tasted a little bit like balsamic vinegar. It was an interesting mix to have the soft inner squash part but the slightly tougher skin too. I had never had squash like that before but I liked it.There's always room for dessert! We ordered the lumberjack cake, which was a cake with apple, dates and I swear that there was some coconut in it. While the cake was good and had a nice buttery taste to it, it reminded me a little bit of carrot cake (same consistency) and I didn't think was anything SUPER spectacular. It was just a nice piece of cake. I DID like our second dessert, Chocolate Clafoutis. The Clafoutis is a poached pear with a chocolate cake on top and then they pour a burnt caramel and creme chantilly sauce on top. It's served in a bigger and shallow ramekin (I'm not sure if ramekin is the right noun but I can't think of the right word). When they poured the sauce on top, it bubbled because the dish was still hot. Truthfully, I couldn't really taste much of the sauce but the pear and chocolate cake together were AMAZING. I liked that the chocolate cake wasn't really that sweet or dense.If you read all of that, props to you. I maxed out on my Yelp word limit.
Worth every minute, days, months of waiting!We had a 10pm reservation and didn't get seated until 1030pm.However, the extremely cordial host checked in on us constantly, and gave us 2 rounds of drinks on the house!Once we were seated, it was continued success.From the bouchees section (smaller appetizers) we ordered the panisse frites (chickpea fritters) and beet salad. This was more than enough for 2 people to share. Both were amazing! If you want to lay off fried items, don't get the fritters. In hindsight, I would have ordered the grilled calamari instead of the fritters -- not as heavy.From the entrees we ordered bavette steak and organic chicken.The steak was great, cooked well.The chicken was a bit salty, but the polenta was TO DIE FOR!Again, these people know service: we told the host this was our last dinner date together before getting married and the host ordered a side of the crispy squash for us on the house - this is a MUST! I believe it is fried, but it is sooo worth it! Perfect flavors of the squash and not greasy at all, just crispy!The restaurant is small and the tables are tight but the food and service is totally worth the wait!
Please don't eat here. Reservations are already impossible to get and I would like to go again ;-)
I simply went for a friend's birthday and came out blown away by the quality, presentation and service by Frances. We got there 20 minutes before our reservations, but the maitre'd was nice enough to let us hang out in the bar (such a small area!l!) for a quick drink before our table was ready. The service was friendly and prompt; no pretentiousness at all.We ordered panisse frites which were simply delicious! It was crispy and delicious, buttery but simply amazing with the tomato aoili that came with it. If you don't want fried stuff, you should not order the frites but they are soooo good!!! The comice pear salad was fresh, but the flavor was somewhat interesting. Not sure how to describe it, but I don't know if I would order it again. I have to say, however, that the entrees were simply delicious. I ordered the California Black Cod which was delightful. The cod was smooth and practically melted into my mouth. The chanterelle mushrooms that were garnished with the dish were tender and juicy. I would have been satisfied if the dish was entirely filled with the chanterelle mushrooms!Bf got the steak with buttery beans. I'm not much of a meat eater, but the steak was really juicy and flavorful. He said he really enjoyed the sauce (bordelaise) which the steak was somewhat marinated in. Best friend got the saffron risotto and had nothing to complain about. The butter mushrooms were another wonderful addition to the dish. Though I am partially biased when it comes to mushrooms (they're so delicious), they were extremely buttery if you get sick of fatty foods easily. Overall, we were so full and sadly could not try the desserts. I cannot wait for the next time!
My boyfriend and I went here on Mother's Day. Yes, I know we should have brought our mothers, but his mom's in Michigan and mine's in Pennsylvania. That being said we got at the entrance by about 4:30 to get a table. We were the first in line, but a line soon formed behind us. My boyfriend and I couldn't put our finger on why we didn't love the food. Maybe because we hear all the hype about the James Beard award at that time? We felt the vegetables were fresh, but that they didn't have enough flavor. Many of the items were also well cooked, but there was just something missing with the sauces and seasonings. Here is what we ate. Unfortunately, I don't really remember how any of it tasted because it was awhile ago and I didn't find it to be too memorable (as you can tell from the review):Bacon BeignetsPanissee Frites Dungeness Crab SaladGreen Garlic Stuffed ChickenI was also really not impressed with the wine list, and tried a lot of tastes to find at least one glass I would like without success. However, we did have a really great date like dessert there that was totally amazing. I would go back just for that. I'm still surprised by how much I wasn't into this place though....hmmm....
You just can't go wrong with anything at all on this menu! For me, I'm most excited about a restaurant when the vegetables steal the show, and at Frances, this is exactly what happens. This is one of those spots that's ideal for 4-5 people because you can order the whole menu and get a huge variety of fantastic flavors.Don't miss the house wine poured by the ounce from a keg. This is easily the best way to save money on the bill - don't spend 30-100 dollars on a bottle of wine! We spent 18 bucks on wine and we drank a ton. Beat that.But back to the food, these guys have the system down. The pace of the meal was perfect, and everything was so full of flavor but it was all hinged on the natural flavors of the food. Nothing wildly over the top with spices, just the freshest of veggies, great rich sauces and fantastic variety. Great for vegetarians, but even better for meat eaters.Go at 5PM if you can deal with that, you'll most likely get a table as a walk-in.Just go.
Definitely one of my fav restaurants in the city. Very happy about their well-deserved Michelin star.Must order: Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets, Gnocchi, Beet SaladBeignets are fluffy and pair wonderfully with the maple creme fraiche+chives. Had a mushroom gnocchi once and the ricotta gnocchi this last time..both amazing. Probably the best gnocchi I've ever had..buttery texture and I hate to be so awfully cliche but really melts in your mouth. The ras el hanout in the beet salad has a yummy citrusy flavor.We ordered the bavette steak, black cod and saffron risotto. Steak was probably my least favorite, although still tasty. Summer squash in the risotto was delicious!The cherry chocolate mousse we had last time was spot on.Cute, cozy venue and really friendly staff too. Impossible to get ressies, but they are great about calling people back re: wait list! We lucked out with a last-minute cancellation and was able to sit down at a table instead of at the bar. Hooray so happy I almost hugged the waiter.
Hands down my favorite meal of the year. Hell, it's probably one of the best meals that I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying. Let me walk you through it...First off, even with three weeks notice we were only able to snag a 10pm reservation for a Saturday night. As most of my friends can confirm, if I don't eat by 7pm I get quite cranky. So 10 is definitely pushing it...but after hearing nothing but glowing reports I decided to suck it up, have a late afternoon snack and pretend I was European for one night.We ordered the following:Bacon Beignets - bacony yet light. Fried yet not a grease bomb. These were even better than the sound.Panisse Frites - aka chickpea fritters. These might be better than the beignets and when I say something veggie is better than something bacony, well, you know they must be good.Grilled calamari - nice chunks of perfectly cooked calamari. Again, a very light dish that packed a ton of flavor.Ricotta gnochhi - little pillows of heaven! Quite possibly the best gnocchi that I've ever had (and I'm quite the gnocchi whore)Sonoma duck breast - duck is something that I would never order as my entree but I really enjoyed the version at Frances. I think I even had two bites instead of my usual one!Caramelized Atlantic scallops - I keep using the word perfect in this review but that sums up pretty much everything we ordered: the scallops were perfectly cooked, crispy on one side yet cooked through without being rubbery. Baby turnips w/ bacon - nothing says spring like root vegetables paired with pork!Frances is one of the hottest tables in the city right now, and for good reason. Service was fantastic and the food sublime - this is the perfect date restaurant! In the past I've often struggled when people ask me about my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Now I can say without hesitation: Frances.
I like Frances. Do not get me wrong. I like the place. I always have the greatest time there. For some reason, each time the place gets the party in a spectacular mood, we eat and eat, drink and drink and laugh our heads off in between bites. this is what merits it with 4 stars. but i have to conclude that the food, and I am debating whether this is a criticism about the entrees or just a general one is not spectacular. I've had the Tuna which was too salty, I've had the hen (which is not a life altering experience). I've watched people eat the pork dish without getting a thrill.At the appetizer/amuse bouche department i've had everything. save the chicken liver. and it's good but not good enough as to merit a gushing review or the near impossibility of getting a table. maybe i came back once too many and i should give them the time to update the menu. maybe it's that.On another note: deserts.====================I was fortunate enough to be accompanied my first time there by non-chocolate people, because if i had it my way, we would have ordered a treble-dose of the chocolate mousse. If that had happened I never have come to know the pound cake and crostata. that could have been a very tragic turn of events because now we are intimate, them and i.
Not often does a song like Usher's OMG come to mind when eating... "...this is something special, this is something dynamite..." Frances lives up to the praise they're receiving! I'd give a 4.5 (rounded up). All the dishes had delicate flavors and subtle textures to please the palate. House white wine by the ounce..brilliant! It was a quality sauvignon blanc..refreshing apple and apricot aromas. We started with bacon beignets..awesome! Beautifully fried crisp with a pillowy center...mmm. Followed by the pork trotters which could be named something more elegant; they were shaped like mini crab cakes and had a perfectly pan fried crust..excellent! Grilled calamari was reminiscent of tapas in Spain..perfectly cooked to retain the texture.. Ricotta Gnocchi were airy and light with a light spring themed fava bean, morrel ragout..amazing! Crepe Cannelloni was a surprise! Savory crepes with a touch of sweet were used to wrap a ricotta/wild ramp mixture... resting on a bed of heavily flavored mushrooms... wow! Lumberjack cake to finish... that was a treat; but it didnt go with the mediterranean theme of the dinner. (oh well)Service was very attentive and I noticed they played "zone", where as a table needed attention, someone was there, not just an assigned server. I like that.I can see why there could be a 2 month reservation for this place.. Put in your reservation now!
Great little restaurant near Noe Valley. Good service, very attentive, well paced, clean and organized, Very fresh ingredients. A great meal but a small place, you will sit very close to other guests on long benches with pillows, no chairs. Can get noisy but did not overshadow conservation your own dinner conversation. A must go, great experience. Get the bacon beignets and frites. So good and they vary the chutney's.
Easily one of my top 5 meals in the city! The food was awesome, the staff was overly friendly, and the scene felt like NY. Love their wine concept of paying by the ounce as this helps once the bill arrives.It's a tough rezzy to get during a reasonable hour, but definitely worth the wait!
I read the rave reviews of Frances when it first opened, and headed there one night in February for dinner with my boyfriend, who was struck down with a sudden case of stomach flu, mid-meal. (Appetizing, I know. In retrospect, I should have taken heed when his face turned green while he read over the menu, but he said he would be OK. Oops.) We didn't get past the salad course, and a delicious salad course it was. I couldn't wait to go back for the full, germ-free experience.I finally made back it last week (and yeah, I had to book a table back in May). It was totally worth the wait. This place is definitely on my short list of the best mid-range restaurants in the city, along with Absinthe, Frascati, Delfina and the like. First of all, they sell their very good house wines by the ounce. You can drink exactly as much (or as little) as you want to at a really reasonable cost. And it's served in beakers, which adds a fun DIY touch to the place. Secondly, the food - oh, the food! Succulent, tender grilled calamari with salty olives and lively lemon zest. Gorgeous fluffy ricotta gnocchi with a meaty porcini mushroom ragout. My friend's herb roasted game hen literally melted in the mouth, and my hanger steak was a juicy, silky slab of beefy goodness. For dessert, we indulged in the luscious chocolate pot de creme with roasted cherries. And the service is top notch, to boot. My friend and I had a small plate, appetizer, two entrees, dessert and a couple beakers of house red for under $120 (not including tip). Am amazing deal, IMHO.I agree it's a little crazy how long it takes to get a reservation here, but honestly, what do you expect when the food is excellent and the space is tiny? I already booked my next meal at Frances, and I know it will be well worth the couple months of anticipation.
Frances does what any great restaurant should do: extract the most flavor out of every ingredient regardless of whether it's a simple or complex dish. The market shots offered there are a great example of this principle. They mix fruit and alcohol together to create 3 ounce shots ($3 each). I had the blackberry/rose shot (there was another ingredient that I've now forgotten), and it was delicious. Another must try: whatever soup is on the menu. I ordered the corn soup and it was like no other soup I've had before. It was rich and decadent. I never imagined I would use a word like decadent to describe corn soup but the soup was that good. The bacon beignets, the fried green tomatoes, the lumberjack cake (one of the best desserts in the city), and the steak entree (w/ pieces of mushroom and gnocchi) were all perfection. It's hard to go wrong w/ any of the choices on this menu which is probably why it's so difficult to get a reservation here. Good luck! They do take walk-ins for the bar area so Tue/Wed is the best time to try your luck if you don't have reservations. :)
Meh. So much hype that just didn't deliver.I found the bacon beignets to be disappointing (especially with all the buzz around these things) - pretty standard when it comes to beignets. The crispy chickpea fritters were a little better, and that was due to the fantastic lemon aioli that accompanied them. I really liked the grilled calamari and found the addition of the sicilian olive a brilliant touch to the dish.My favorite of the night was the ricotta gnocchi with tasty white corn and heirloom ragout. I could have eaten three servings of the gnocchi.Last and most disappointing was the lamb. One of the worst lamb dishes I have ever had. Extremely chewy, outrageously fatty and near impossible to cut with a knife. I took two bites and had to stop. Put my silverware on the plate and 5 minutes later the waiter (who was great the whole evening) picked up my plate, said "looks like you enjoyed everything" and swiftly removed the lamb plate that was full of uneaten fatty lamb. Not the keenest eye sir.Listen, overall the dishes were solid. I loved the house red wine by the ounce, and a dinner for 2 under $100 in San Francisco feels like a bargain. In addition, the setting is solid. But the massive amount of hype around this place, the two+ months I was gearing up to eat here from when I made my reservation and then to completely bomb an entree dish...I don't know, just feels like that is completely unacceptable.
So, after several FAILED attempts to make it into Frances in May, a friend and I FINALLY made it to this very popular restaurant on June 23rd for MY birthday celebration. My first take of the restaurant: NARROW, CROWDED, LOUD with a very SMALL waiting area.  Just at first glance, I wondered if Frances' limited reservation availability had more to do with the fact that space is very limited, the service is LEISURELY (which is a compliment, by the way, from a girl who loves to SMELL THE ROSES and ENJOY her food & wine) and the GLOW of NEWNESS still lingers than with actual culinary substance.Yet, in my opinion, the food itself has a voice, even if the interior design is very nondescript. The food UTTERS very casually FRESH, ORGANIC, SUSTAINABLE and LOCAL. It's voice sort of reminds me a little of Mission Beach Cafe (just a smidge... althought the pitch and cadence are DEFINITELY different).  The menu changes seasonally, so if you go in September, you might not have the same choices that I did in June...Or, for that matter, if you go tomorrow night, you may not have the same choices that I had for my "pre-birthday" dinner!THE MENU IS SIMPLE AND SELECT. If you're expecting a wealth of choices, you better go somewhere else, honey! It is divided into 4 simple categories: BOUCHEES, Appetizers, ENTREES and sides. To start with, we ordered the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignet w/ Maple creme fraiche & chive (DELISH) and the Panisse Frites with the crispy chickpea fritters and Mayer Lemon Aioli. OUT OF EVERYTHING THAT WE ORDERED THE BOUCHEES were the BEST ...NO CONTEST.After that, our meal hit a flat note. In fact, so much so that I can't remember EXACTLY what we ordered for dinner (and NO, I wasn't drunk nor passed out at the time). Hmmm...I can't for the life of me remember...is that a bad sign? Oh...and b/c it was my friend's treat for my b-day, I don't even have the receipt to tell you.The dessert was pot du creme with bing cherries. It was rich and the added b-day candles was a cute touch!!!Oh...one interesting thing about this restaurant...PAY AS YOU DRINK HOUSE WINE. ASK THE SERVER ABOUT THIS... I didn't care for the house red or white, but the concept of paying for the amount you drink (based on measurement) is novel!All in all, I was pleased with the meal. I like the concept of the little neighborhood nook with good, fresh food. It brings a little more "class" to the 'stro. I don't know if it is necessarily worthy of the LONG waiting list...we'll see as time goes on...I would go back to see how Frances matures once the "new restaurant" glow fades.I don't know WHAT the final bill was for us (since it was my b-day dinner). Yet, with bouchees at $6.50, apps from $9-13, entrees from $17-27 and desserts around $7.00 (not including WINE), I guess it was over $150.00.Parking is hit or miss. Luckily for us, our reservation was at 9 on a THURSDAY NIGHT...so, parking was abundant
Interesting that it's new American. I found it more "ainoko." not very pc verbiage. Frances brings out the most amazing flavors, light, delicate and fine. The fries are the best and I love the Thyme ice cream!This is rare, I wanted to savor every bite.
Two months back I was playing around on Opentable.com (like the dorky foodie I am) and noticed how difficult it was to get a table at Frances, so I figured I'd better grab one. Somehow those months flew by, and last night I found myself at one of the most coveted restaurant tables in town.First of all, this is not the type of restaurant you'd expect such reservation antics for. I went through the same exercise to get into the French Laundry. So I was worried about whether it'd live up to the hype. In the end, it did. Every single bite of food I had was perfect. This place is not about being daring, it's about serving absolutely delicious food that is perfectly prepared, rounded out with phenomenal service, very fair value and a warm neighborhood setting. In a way, it's sad there's such a craze around Frances since it's what most restaurants should be - good food, served graciously, in a setting that makes you feel at home. But obviously this is harder to find than you'd think, otherwise I wouldn't have gone back on Opentable today to book my next 2 month out reservation only to find there's nothing but 9:45 pm tables available.
The chickpea fries and the eggplant were both amazing. Would probably skip the fried green tomatoes on my next visit. The steak was excellent as well but could have ideally been a little more seasoned. Great meal all around.
Splendid. From start to finish. Apps:We had the Chicken Liver Mouse. It tasted better than Foie Gras. For real. My Man had the roasted beet salad. Just perfectly complemented with avocados and an amazing honey dressing.We had to share the Crab Salad. Woah, so simple yet so delcious. Entrees:I had the Stuffed Guinea Hen with creamy Polenta, Apricots and White Corn. It was, seriously, one of the best cooked birds I have ever consumed. I forget what kind of fish my man had, but it was w/o question good, since I had to restrain him from licking the plate. The highlight was the dessert (as if that was needed after all that yummy goodness), really. Almond Crostata with English Thyme Ice Cream. GooogooGaga. So good. My man had the Homemade Ricotta Ice cream with some yummy berry sprinkled pound cake.This place was top of the line in service, taste and atmosphere. Thank you, Frances. Please don't ever change. Ail-b-bak
This is the story of the night no reservations turned into being the last ones to leave the restaurant. It's one of my favorite meals of the year.It started with some tablestalking. Quickly realizing getting a table that very night was going to be impossible (heck, three weeks out looked impossible), I started to call. And call again. And again. The guy answering the phone was likely over me by the fourth call. Each time the answer was the same. No tables.Eff it. We were going to walk up and roll the dice.Around 10pm we stepped in and was greeted by the friendliest of hostesses. The place was buzzing, no doubt the mood enhanced by some outstanding $3 market shots, a delectable combination of fruit and booze. We got the last one, took a few sips each, mutually agreed that on a somewhat warm night, this was the perfect elixir.Friendly hostess kept us up to speed on our table chances. It went from no, to slight, to we might be able to do something, to you'll be seated shortly. I think the two of us, smiling and clearly enamored to be eating here, helped plead our case. We sat down around 10:30.I've written this before and I'll likely write it again, there are similarities to the best nights dancing and the best nights eating. There is storytelling, there is human connection and there is losing any context of time. Frances was a remarkable "DJ".Our story started with bacon beignets. Yep. Bacon. Beignets. Two things I'd avoid on their own, but cannot recommend enough together.We continued with three mutual loves - butternut squash, caramelized anything and honey. That love manifested into grilled calamari with butternut squash, a side of wildflower honey glazed carrots and a main of caramelized scallops. All utterly divine.The most euphoric moment of the "set" was the ricotta gnocchi. Best. Gnocchi. Ever. We both looked up and had that moment where we both realized how absolutely amazing it was. Wow. We also had the grilled asparagus salad, the one dish that was a notch below being blown away. Which means outstanding just about everywhere else. By this point, the bar had been set really, really high.All this was happening while being serviced by a friendly and confident wait staff. Conversation flowed as easily as the wine, with the food and company blending into the already infectious vibe from those around us. This was a special place.And like all good shows, this one had to come to an end. A three hour experience felt like 15min, and by the time we left, it was close to 1am. We were the last ones to leave, no one rushed us, everyone gratefully took our thanks, and we walked back towards the mission knowing this was one roll of the dice well worth taking.Enjoy.
Frances, a cozy neighborhood restaurant with friendly service. I was especially impressed with the house wine service by the oz. It encourages wine culture. Every table had at least a carafe of the easy drinking house wine on the table.
Now THIS is the place to go to for a delicious and unpretentious meal!My party of two came on a Saturday night and were lucky enough to snag a seat at the bar after a little wait. While waiting, however, we were offered the menu for libations, and we thoroughly enjoyed the market shot of the day (a mandarin-citrus-lemon flavor) and then proceeded to order the house white wine, actually made by Frances. It was dry, slightly carbonated, and tasty! For dinner, we ordered the roasted red & Chioggia beet salad, the panisse frites (Crispy Chickpea Fritters in the shape of a rectangle), the bacon beignets, the little gem salad (with tarragon vinaigrette, fennel, kumquat, mandarin orange and Hass avocado), and the caramelized Atlantic scallops.The standouts for me were the beet salad and the scallops, though everything was rather delicious. Service throughout the night was with a smile, and everyone just seemed so nice and happy to be there, which made for a most pleasant dining experience.I can't wait to come back and try the Liberty Farm duck breast and the desserts, all of which looked tasty as they passed me by and onto the other diners' tables. =( Frances has a lot going for it, as evidenced by the fact that they book reservations out three months ahead!
Top of the SF Food Scene. Well deserving of their recent Michelin Guide Star and of course my repeat business. My 2nd trip was even better than my first.Innovative seasonal dishes at very reasonable prices. Bacon beignets, oyster chowder, and lamb three ways are simply to die for. As an added bonus, go for one of the seasonal shots of the day as an aperitif. Well worth the wait for a coveted reservation.
Ideally, I would have loved to reserve judgment after I've gone here at least a second time... but I'd rather type some sort of review while the memory is still fresh in my mind ( We had a 2 month wait for reservations).The food was executed excellently. I had the grilled bavette steak, and it was amazingly tender and juicy. Probably the most tender flank steak that has ever touched my tongue.The chickpea fritters were also interesting and tasty. It was basically as if agedashi tofu and hummus had a lovechild. They were a lot heavier than I expected though.I'm a big fan of elotes, so I had to try their grilled corn. The chipotle butter was delicious and is something I'm inspired to try to implement in my homemade elotes.But in spite of their well executed food, I can't give Frances a ringing endorsement. I felt like it lacked a little "pizazz" and the flavors weren't totally inspiring. As a "Top Chef" judge might say... "I think they played it safe."If I could give this place, 3.5 stars I would.
Such a wonderful restaurant. So great that I'm still thinking about how lovely my meal was all the way back in December. Service was confident and unpretentious, and our server made excellent wine and digestif suggestions that paired seamlessly with our food. Every dish we had was great too: expertly prepared, beautiful, and absolutely delicious. Can't wait to go back!
Gosh, glowing reviews from Michael Bauer and this place is on fire! I heart Frances in a big way. For some reason every time I walk in this place, I think I've been transported to a fabulous, secret restaurant in the Hamptons or something. I've been there a few times now, and I always leave totally full and happy. The chickpea fritters and bacon beignets are the perfect way to start your meal. If you're hungry and a steak eater, go for the hanger steak for your entree. You wont be disappointed. Last time I went, I ordered two apps for dinner, and that was a great way to try two new dishes. I've had a couple of the desserts: lumber jack, chocolate clafoutis, and strawberry shortcake and they were all just ok. One of the coolest things they do is offer a house red and house white that can be brought to your table in a carafe. The carafe has 2 oz ticks on the glass, and you basically pay for what you drink! BRILLIANT! House wine might not be your jam, so bring one of your faves with you- the corkage fee isn't high. Minus one star because reservations can be hard to come by (and walking in and waiting by the bar seems... crowded), and the desserts aren't my bag... baby.
There's a scene in "When Harry Met Sally" when Harry's best friend Jess says, "I think restaurants have become too important." And remember that book turned movie "American Psycho" starring a young, toned Christian Bale? Well, in that movie, he & his colleagues were obsessed with getting a reservation at Dorsia. They frequented 5 stars restaurants but they always complained it wasn't Dorsia.When I first saw these movies a decade ago, I did not understand the passion, fascination & infatuation one could have for a restaurant. Of course back then, my idea of gourmet was Applebee's, so I guess I didn't really grasp the concept of fine dining at all.Fast forward to March 2010 (ahhh, i miss the late 90's & early 2000's) when the best friend & I are under the spell of Frances, or at least the intense hype surrounding it. We make a reservation (we hear they are booked solid for weeks which only makes us NEED to eat there even more) & are given the last seating on a random weekday night, 10 pm.One word describes the host & our waiter: accommodating. It was winding down a bit when we arrived so they pushed two tables together to give us more elbow room. Even with all the "extra" space, we could easily hear the conversations around us (and unluckily for them, they could hear us!) Something in the air at Frances makes you want to chit-chat with your dining partner all night long. The theme of the restaurant is clean, simple & elegant. The walls have little more on them than off-white paint & a few grey tone sketches (of course there's that entire wall dedicated to bottles of wine & that is elegant in it's own way.) Each dish was served on plain white plates & bowls & looked sophisticated without being overly fussy.A restaurant would not be worthy of 5 stars without exceptionally delicious food. Frances delivers the kind of food that makes you plan your next visit *during* your first time dining there (at least that's what I was doing.) We ordered:* Wine- red for the BFF, Riesling for me (2005 from Germany, i think.) They were out of the house wines they usually serve for $1 an ounce.* Bouchees (little plates to share, $6.50 each)- bacon beignets (I like bacon & I kind of like beignets but this one just came out too dense) & spiced beet salad (beets were tender, avocado slices were not ripe.)* Appetizer- Gnocchi with garlic, broccoli & greens (creamy)* Entrees- Duck breast for the bff ($25, i thought the portion was small, but the bff enjoyed it) & scallops for me ($22.) The scallops were seared well, giving it a nice crust & it came out cooked all the way thru, the way I requested. My dish came with toasted farro (which is a grain almost like quinoa) & mushrooms & that made the dish more substantial. I wasn't sure if three medium sized scallops was going to satisfy my large sized appetite, but it definitely did. *Sides: kale (perfectly seasoned, so tender.) I've heard that if you don't like something, it's probably because you've never had it cooked the right way; well, this is how it's been with me & kale. I avoided it at all cost, but at Frances, I could have finished off the entire side by myself.* Dessert: chocolate mousse with salted chocolate cookie wafers (homygod, rich & amazing & enough for two people to share) & panna cotta with orange peel (almost like a sweet marmalade) & shortbread cookies (i could not stop eating this.) Oh, and a carafe of Blue Bottle Coffee for the bff.Total: $132 (not including tip.)Yes, restaurants have definitely become an all too important part of our lives. One taste of Frances & you too will understand the feeding frenzy.
A decent place but I clearly don't share the same enthusiasm as other diners. The service is nice and the host makes you feel welcome. The kitchen appears small and getting the main entree out is a challenge. The restaurant is loud and the space is maximized by keeping the tables fairly close to each other.The food is decent but nothing outstanding. For the same price point, I would recommend Sons and Daughters.
FRANCES is delicious. If you had a one star meal there, please don't come again. There are many of us who would come more often if we could get in. You're just from the competition anyway, posting because your food isn't as good! I love when NYers talk about how a SF restaurant would fare in NY. I've had some of the worst and over priced meals in NY. It's all about being seen, not about the food in NY. Food is for eating, enjoying, the freshness and the preparation.I don't know how you cannot LOVE the bacon beignets, smoky, delicious with wonderful creme fresh dipping sauce. Chicken liver mousse was like a cloud of pate, light, tasty, perfect. Chicken with fresh, sweet, white corn, polenta, wine by the ounce and lumberjack cake. The cake was outstanding. Light, full bodied, sweet, sticky, toffee, caramel, with excellent HS ice cream, it's what every British pudding would like to be when it grew up! Thank you again!
I just have to give this place 5 stars again. I wish I could rate it even higher. As hard as it seems to believe, this place is only getting better. Last week I ate the best meal i've ever had there. Just perfection, from the beginning to the deserts, including the service - everything was perfect. Don't miss the banana salted caramel chocolate desert, or the house blend of both the white and the red. Take her soup - it's magic. Oh, and the fish, OMG what a perfect cooked fish, the sauce, the vegetables - one of the best ever. Really. Just do yourself a favor and go there.
This place is amazing. The dishes are simple in their ingredients, but perfectly balanced against one another. The wait staff is just attentive enough--there when you want them, gone when you don't-- and incredibly friendly and unpretentious.I would recommend particular dishes, but a) the menu changes regularly, and b) it's all delicious. Even better, this place isn't super spendy. Each dish has just the right amount of food before you move on to the next.In sum, this place is heavenly. Why are you still reading this review? Go! Make a reservation!...and then wait impatiently for 6 weeks or so until it's your turn.
An excellent meal.We decided to start out with Evening Land chardonnay and the red snapper. The red wine we brought was going to go much better with the appetizers and steak than snapper. The chardonnay was great and the red snapper was so moist and perfectly cooked, with beautiful mushrooms. I wish I could get those kind of results at home.For appetizers, we had the beignets and the kale and duck salad. The beignets were great, smoky yet appetizing. The kale and duck salad was unreal. Again, I dream about being able to make something like this at home. Finally, the steak with a side of brussel sprouts. The food was perfect and the service was great. I'll definitely go back again, if I can get a reservation.My only complaint - the sparkling water wasn't as bubbly as I like. Prospect is the place to go for the best bubbly water.
Our original reservation was at 6:15. A month later, I changed it to 6:30. And then today, after a childcare mishap, cab failure, and temporary, janky cell phone with a new number, we showed up at 7:00. Considering that I made the reservation more than 2 months ago, I expected to arrive and discover that our table had been given away to a couple of himbos. Instead, we were warmly greeted as we walked shamefully into the restaurant, fully prepared to have our asses handed to us. There was no, "SIGH, let us see what we can do," or any of the usual bullshit phrases hosts throw at you to make you feel small in their hotspot restaurants. And nothing about their warmth was fake. They took our jackets, gave us our choice of a couple of tables, and helped us take the edge off with complimentary beverages to kick off the evening. Jackpot.Service continued to be excellent throughout the evening, with a number of staff taking care of us. But beyond that, the food was incredible. Bacon beignets, chickpea fritters, gnocchi with morels, shrimp corn chowder, stuffed chicken, pesto polenta, chocolate pot de creme with bing cherries, and brown sugar semifreddo delight of some sort...all phenom. My husband and I shared all but the appetizers (he's allergic to shrimp), and that was the way to go. Not allowing yourself the opportunity to sample a large portion of the menu would be a crime. The ingredients were fresh. The shrimp in the soup was the best I have ever tasted, smoked perfectly as not to overwhelm. And who knew polenta could be that creamy and complex?I was absolutely shocked to see that the bill for all of this amazing food was only $105. I also thought my husband must have misread that the house wine was $1/ounce. He hadn't.What a surprise and delight in a neighborhood I'd frankly never consider for fine dining (unless you count Ben and Jerry's on Castro). Bravo!
This is a 4.5Reservation made June 22nd for a party of two - results...8:45 on a Wednesday night August 17th.It was worth the wait!Started with the house wine - pretty genius actually. They give you a carafe and charge you byt he oz. Ozs are clearly marked on the carafe. Definitely the reason I walked out of here at less than $200 and the wine is good!Started with the calamari and heirloom tomatoes. Both delicious but i would pass on the salad to try a different one next time - as in, i wasn't BLOWN away.ordered the Albacore Tuna while the man-friend had the steak - both come medium rare but ordered mine at medium and it was good. The tuna was great - good chunky pieces of tuna with some great tomates and veggies. Man-friend loved the steak.Wrapped it up with almond chocolate cake - served with some excellent ice cream. Service was good - she was friendly and came by the appropriate amount. I have to say the one thing that seriously bugged me. We went in a little tipsy (blame it on the late reservation and having to kill time before = drinks) so we needed some bread. $1.50 a person and they give you 1 piece of bread each. I think it just makes them look cheap. to quote a friend (CRo) i don't mind if they make you ask for it so it's not on every table and wasted, but charging and then being cheap about it...just didn't sit right. Esp since you could go in for an entree and really not be 'full' with just the entree.
GREAT experience all around. Food - fantastic flavors. creative arrangements. lots of bacon. great dipping sauces.Service - attentative. down to earth. Decor - so homey. It's like stepping into a pottery barn. My roommates and I came here yesterday and we've tried to make this reservation for months. Situated in the heart of Castro, a big store front window faces the street as we watched passerby in showstopping outfits for gay pride - the experience really couldn't have been more "san francisco". We basically ordered everything on the menu and did a family style. For the bouchees: I would say that the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets were my favorite. The beignets were infused with just the right amount of bacon flavor. It was crispy on the outside and once you bite into it, the bacon flavor gushes out. My second favorite one was the charred spring onion dip. It tasted like a crab dip but a MUCH fancier/well balanced Appetizers: We had this special that was not on the menu. Foie Gras. It wasn't the foie gras that was exceptional, it was the pairing with it. It came with slices of toasts with this carmelized onion spread at the top. Top that with foie gras - HEAVEN. rich. uber buttery. carmel. crunchy = all in one bite!!!Entrees: My favorite was the halibut. The fish was so sweet and so fresh. The chanterelle & english pea ragout, bacon, and onions made this simple ingredient full of surprises. Sides: the polenta was milky and creamy, the melted ricotta and parmesan cheese enriched its flavors. The grilled squash was mixed in with this toasted garlic/tomato/basil sauce along with roasted goat cheese - the hybrid between the tomato sauce and roasted flavors was so savory. Dessert: I would recommend getting ALL of them! Panna Cotta had hints of meyer lemon and vanilla bean flavor. The lumberjack cake had bits of walnut and dates paired with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The warm strawberry buttermilk cake was like a muffin but you know how you always just pick off the top of a muffin to eat because it's crispy? well this muffin had that cripsy-ness all around. Wine: we had the Soliste Pinot Noir from Sonoma Coast - the waiter said this was made from a family owned winery that's not open to the public. It was soooo refreshing!
Dining here may have been the highlight of our recent trip to SF, and certainly our top discovery. All the food was wonderful and imaginative and the price was approximately two thirds of what you'd pay in NY or LA for comparable cuisine. The staff was inordinately gracious and very much involved with the food and with cuisine in general. I didn't have much trouble parking, maybe I got lucky. I think the two best seats in the house are in the window at the tight bar--we sat there and simply had perhaps our top meal of the year. Excellent, and I'm not surprised that even the Michelin star set raves about this place.
Gosh, what else can I say that hasn't already been said? To be honest, I mainly wanted to toss in my five stars--this resto is a GEM. Despite the awful street parking sitch (that is a sad condition of that neighborhood anyway), the food is worth the 30" we spent driving around to find a spot 20" away.Amazing amuse bouchees. We ordered all four and skipped the apps: panisse frites, bacon beignets, roasted beets and grilled calamari. They just whetted our appetite for MORE. Let me also say that their menu is one of those rare delights where you want to order EVERYTHING. Sers.Entrees were black cod for the husband and grilled flatiron steak for moi. Divine. Ended the meal with a moist Lumberjack cake (made with pears and dates!) and maple ice cream. Yum! Plus - service was unobtrusive yet impeccable. I can't wait to go back!
wow, it lived up to the hype! cute little restaurant feels warm and comforting inside. not overwrought, not too sterile. cozy, but comfortable and not too loud. my only beef that there really is no area to wait which kind of sucks if it is cold outside. service was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive.bacon beignets - amazing. perfect texture and temperature. very flavorful.calamari - exceptional and perfect. loved the balance of all the flavors and textures.dungeoness crab salad - again, really tasty.delicata squash with pickled currants - very, very good. very comforting.bavette steak, toasted farro, maitakes - delicious and homey tasting. steak was perfectly cooked and farro added nice texture.risotto - quite impressive. i only tried one bite, but i would have been happy ordering this and keeping it all to myself.chicory root panna cotta - wow!! silky smooth texture and the espresso gelle flavor is out of this world. all in all, a really solid restaurant. this place is the antithesis of Pasion, in that, Frances didnt really look good on paper (i wasnt super excited with the entrees i saw on the menu), but it really delivered in a big a way. the whole meal was very seasonal and comforting. loved it.
WOW. Just wow. Everything we had was fan-freaking-tastic!When I saw the reviews, I immediately booked a reservation for dinner. And even 2 weeks in advance, the earliest opening was at 8:45pm. Granted the space is as big as my living room at home, I could see why people would be willing to pack it in like sardines at the bar area for a table. The last time I was here, it was Palencia, which served such sub-par Filipino food that I never went back. I could go back to Frances on a weekly basis, just so I could try all their different offerings, which change daily. Former Fifth Floor Chef Melissa Perello really hit it out of the park with this one. Though it's in the Castro, there's very little diversity in the clientele here - not that it's a bad thing, but it was very odd to only see such a homogeneous crowd. Think Palo Alto or wine country.My girlfriend and I had pre-dinner apps before coming, so we decided to get three dishes to share: applewood bacon beignets, dungeness crab salad and pan roasted duck with sausage, cabbage and white beans. It's not very often that I can say I absolutely love every part of a dish, but in this case, I absolutely loved every part of all of these. The bacon beignets are little balls of savory heaven. I mean, bacon... need I say more? There were so many chunks of crab in the salad we shared, and it was super fresh. But the duck. From the perfectly cooked medium-rare meat to the perfectly crispy skin, every bite was A-MAZING! I don't think I've had duck better than this.For dessert, we shared the chocolate mousse, which was to-die-for. It was actually meant to be, because my friend had been asking me where she could find the best chocolate mousse in town, and once we spotted it on the menu, we just knew we had to have it.Like I mentioned, the space is probably the size of your closet, so expect a long wait if you walk-in (which I don't recommend). I was thoroughly impressed by how friendly every server we encountered was, because I would probably freak out from claustrophobia if I worked there.
Came here for a nine o'clock dinner last night. I don't recommend showing up early since the place was still packed at 10:30 on a Sunday night, but you might try a walk-in: that seemed to work for a couple waiting with us. We started with the bacon beignets, which I don't think I'd order again. People have called them "subtle" on the bacon flavor, but I think they were just fried in bacon drippings. Tasty, but not that memorable. The grilled calamari salad, on the other hand, was wonderful. Frances seems to specialize in finessing pretty basic food. The duck breast entree with butter beans, sausage, and greens is a classic, but Frances does each part of it so well that I think I'll always compare other versions to theirs. The kale canneloni over wild mushrooms was also just delicious. For sides we had the fingerling potatoes and carrots. The carrots were in a light honey glaze, but I think its not carrot season maybe--they just were not that great. The fingerlings, with a pureed red pepper sauce, were really good. Don't miss those.For dessert we had a chocolate mousse served with a nice dash of salt. Very good.Service was attentive and friendly. I'll come back soon.
One of the highlights of our 3 week trip through CA was Frances. Food was fantastic, but what we also liked was the service. We noticed that many American restaurants serve out the food really quick. We decided to order the next course after eating the one before and that worked out great. We came in at 9.45 and we were the last ones wo left, but we never felt rushed. Our waiter was really nice, without sucking up to us (what we usually think of Americans, sorry). Add that to the really friendly prices and you have a 5 star rating. If I ever get back to SF (which I hope), I will absolutly make a reservation for Frances.PS: we really enjoyed what happened at the end of the evening. The (famous) cook walked up to the younger guys sitting next to us asking them if they had liked their food. They were the happiest people I saw during my vacation.
Shared a bday meal with J at Frances.AMBIANCE: Cute. Space is small and homey. If you are lucky enough to have snagged a reservation, way to go you. You'll have plenty of space along the wall opposite from the bar/kitchen area; looked super comfy too with all the cushy pillows and stuff. If you weren't able to make a res, no worries, there's seating set aside to accommodate walk-ins. Beware though, the raised bar area you'll be relegated to is EXTREMELY tight... so make friendsies with your dining neighbors, cuz you'll definitely be all up in each others' personal spaces. J and I showed up around 5:15pm on a Sunday (they open at 5pm) and had the good fortune of being able to select our bar seats. We chose to sit right in front of the window, which meant we didn't have to fight for space.SERVICE: Casual and understated, letting the quality speak for itself-- just the way I like it. FOOD: Everything was delicious, but nothing was mindblowing.- Market shot ($3): It was essentially essence of cantaloupe in liquid form-- sweet, ripe, clean. Portion was quite generous for $3 too.- Bacon beignets ($7): A little too doughy for my tastes. Portion was also smaller than I expected (you get 5 balls).- Panisse frittes ($7): Again, smaller portion than expected based on the price. I really enjoyed these though; each blocky chickpea fry had a perfectly crispy shell encasing a creamy interior. Each blissful bite was grease-free and a lovely marriage between contrasting textures. The accompanying eggplant caponata was a nice touch. - Albacore tuna confit ($13): A pleasant surprise. Large chunks of fork-tender tuna scattered throughout a nice mix of butter lettuce and delicious heirloom-y tomatoes. - Grilled Tolenas farm quail ($26): I think there were 6 birds in that dish. Each and every one was cooked to perfection-- tender, succulent and oh so savory. Best preparation of quail I've ever had. I wanted to lift up the bowl and slurp down all the broth... mm.- Chocolate almond 'calfoutis' ($9): Good, but SUPER INTENSE flavors. A dessert meant to be shared... for me, with at least 2 other people. It was difficult to finish this dessert, and I ended up having to box about half of it to go.- Toasted white corn poundcake ($8): A great way to end the meal. The poundcake was essentially glorified cornbread, but paired with that delectable sweet corn ice cream, bits of crunchy caramel popcorn, and roasted nectarines... MMM.OVERALL: If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd be back again and again. Frances impressed me with their lowkey attitude and high quality offerings... all for a very affordable price (above meal for 2 including wine, etc cost just over $100, including tax+tip). I'd love to go back and try more of the menu.
Yes, it IS all that and a bag of chips. we arrived early and were seated just before our res time, which was way better than i expected of such a crowded spot. we shared 3 bouchees, 2 apps, a side and a dessert, so i dont have anything to say about the entrees, except that my husband said the scallops looked amazing, and neither of us even likes scallops. everything was incredibly good. i feel almost blasphemous saying this, but if i had to pick one thing that wasnt QUITE as good as the rest, it would have to be the bacon beignets (gasp!). who would ever have thought that chickpea fritters could be better than ANYTHING with bacon? but the way i see it, it's a lot harder to make chickpeas delicious than bacon, so there should be extra points for degree of difficulty. also amazing: the pasta with sausage, the celery root soup with chicken confit, the calamari salad and the radicchio and greens with the anchovy vinaigrette. i wanted the chocolate thing for dessert (natch) but our waiter, bobby, steered us toward the lumberjack cake that i NEVER would have gotten, and boy was he right. he also was a very good server in general and gave us tips for outwitting the crowds, which i'm not giving y'all :)all this for $99 - and we had an $80 gift certificate. this remarkably low bill for a restaurant of this quality is attributable to the excellent house wine deal - get that, unless you like paying more for wine that may not be as good. bravo, frances. you rocked it and we will be back.
Melissa, staff, and grandma Frances you are all da bomb! Hello San Francisco if you haven't heard by now the Castro is sporting a new "go to" spot and boy are they going. It is almost unheard of for me to eat dinner at 5:30 pm but I had no choice last night because that was the only reservation we could get when we called about three weeks ago. Apparently they are booked nearly three months out for the good seats. It's like a mini French Laundry!Well truth be told they are all pretty good seats but the best is up front in the window. There is one little round table that seats 5 and if you can secure that table do it! The restaurant is small and all the tables are next to each other but that one table feels like you have your own space. The food that comes out of that small kitchen will blow the taste buds out of your mouth. Everything you have read about Frances is true. They have done it right. I pretty much tasted everything on the menu. The bacon beignets, although good, were not the favorite for me. It was the chickpea fritters (more like chickpea french fries) with the Meyer lemon sauce. Said in the voice of Oprah Winfrey "Ah-May-Zing!" Every entree was perfect. They looked pretty, tasted great and just the right portion. And they had the service to back it all up! Be careful of that house wine. It is so good and you forget how much you can drink. It is $1 per ounce and each bottle is 18 ounces and boy does it go down easy. Can we talk about a little thing called chocolate mouse, burnt creme carmel and sea salt biscuits? Well I can and I will! They were the most perfect combination of sweet and salt and made me smile as I walked away from this gem of a restaurant. I only wish I didn't have to share them with my dinner guests.Frances is a must over and over again! Thank you nice people at Frances you will be seeing my face again...even if it is just to press it up against the window to salivate over your goodness on a plate!
One of the best meals I have had in San Francisco, and one of my new favourite restaurants. The wine list was excellent, and the house wines (charged by the ounce) were impressive too. The lamb pave' dish was simply incredible - one of my top lamb dishes of all time. The chef seems to be an expert in divining the most apparently random foods and blending them in a sumptuous concert of well-balanced flavours. The side dish of summer squash (twice cooked) with black currants and fennel dressing was well worth the wait, and the unintrusive desserts were ably complemented by the selection of dessert wines.The waiters were knowledgeable and engaging, and a special mention should go to the red flame grapes that come with the little gem lettuce salad.Were i rich, i would dine here every week, especially since the menu is constantly evolving.
I'm an impatient person so the 2+ months for our reservation to come up was agonizing yet soooooo worth it in the end....patience rewarded indeed. It was a group of six of us and with just a single "large" table in the restaurant, the fight for a reservation was inevitable.To you wine snobs out there, I implore you to not turn your nose up to the house wine; it's as easy drinking as they come and just $1 an ounce. It's a great concept and perfect for those times when you're not quite ready for a full glass.The Bacon Beignets and Grilled Calamari are ever-present on the constantly rotating menu, and for good reason....they're both seriously delicious. Deep fried dough and bacon...what's not to love? If the scallops are on the menu, GET THEM! Perfectly seared to the point where they develop the nice caramelized crust creating that nice textual balance between the crisp edges and the silky body...one word....YUM! I try, try, and try to replicate this level of seared scallops at home to no avail. Guess I'll have to come back :-)Absolutely fabulous little restaurant with a great vibe. A must-try for you foodies out there!
Fresh, clean, well-executed dishes in a welcoming, comfortable environment - that's what you're getting at Frances. Chef Perello's inspiration is clearly the farmers market, and her ability to put flavors together without over complicating the plate allows each one of the ingredients she chooses to truly shine. I've written a detailed review of Frances for the SF examiner, which you can read by following the Examiner link in my profile. A very comfortable environment, friendly and attentive service, a great place for a date, meeting with a friend, or even dining alone - I will definitely be back.
The food was excellent. I don't really have anything negative to say about the food. The only problem is that they can't really accommodate parties larger than 6 since their location is small.A friend recently told me that they serve wine by the ounce. I wish our waiter mentioned the ounce option when we were there.
Considering the 3 month wait for a reservation and the price point, my wife and I were wildly underwhelmed by the quality of the food. Very disappointing. I guess we are "foodies" so our expectations are high, but we have eaten too many excellent meals for half the cost to consider this worth a visit.
Booked a reservation like 2 months ago and the best I could get was a Wednesday at 9:15.We weren't seated until 9:45 though because the couple at our table were squatters and decided they had to own the table while waiting for a cab. It was pretty amazing though because it was an older gentleman and his date who had super fake boobs and tightest face I've ever seen. So that was a little awesome.Plus the host gave us each a glass of wine and apologized so no love lost there.The bacon beignets and the chickpea frites were AMAZING. Get those. The frites were RIDICULOUS. So light but so full of flavor.We got the crab salad which was good but I don't know if I'd recommend it. It wasn't anything special.The entries of the chicken and the lamb were ok. I wasn't blown away by either but I thought they were solid and reasonably priced.Eager for Frances to settle down a bit because I'm not sure it was worth the LONG reservation wait to get in.But it seemed like walk-ins were accommodated pretty well without having to wait for too long. Though the section they're seated in did look pretty cramped.Great addition to the neighborhood. Once it actually becomes a neighborhood restaurant (rather than a destination place) I'll definitely hit it up again.
I'm coming back because Melissa is a genius!Between 6 people, we nearly ordered everything off of the menu.Applewood Smoked BeignetsPanisse FritesGrilled CalamariSalad that I can't remember the name of.Melissa's Seasonal Chestnut SoupAll 5 of the appetizers were amazing. The soup's not on the menu anymore but get it when it comes back. Keep your eye out for it.  I would return just for the soup alone. The beignets and the chickpea fries were are a favorite. I wasn't that impressed by the grilled calamari or the salad but they still tasted great.I had the 5 dot ranch Bavette Steak, which was perfectly cooked and very memorable. I also sampled the seared duck breast and walked away impresssed. For dessert, we had the lumberjack cake, ginger cake, and something with burnt caramel. I would eat all the desserts again and again. Come here for the great ambiance and the simple yet delicious food. Reservations are hard to make here so I'll try for the bar next time. Frances - you have awoken this yelper from his slumber!
I'd suggest going with a big group so that you can taste a bit of everything. Not a mediocre dish in the house. The patrons are lookers too.Note, service can be "leisurely" as the chef prepares each dish to perfection. Give yourself some time to enjoy the experience. :)
"we got a reservation for frances" - the bf called to tell me, while at work today. "no way! cool. when?" i asked. "tonight. in one hour." pause. he continued, "it was either tonight or july 12" (2 months from now).needless to say- i dropped what i was doing (psshh. media brief? whats that?) and jumped on the next train home. yes. yes yes. we were there on time. seated and ascended directly to americana paridiso. now i'm not one to over react (just sometimes). afterall, we're in sf. there's a lot of bomb diggy food in this city. but.... i will say...my tongue was a very happy hammock tonight. the beignets were a formality we could not ignore. who's too good for beignets? especially of the apple wood bacon varietal? golden and fun. smokey like country backroads in july. try not to smile after the first bite. try it. double dog dare you. next was the chicken liver mousse. i will put this dish next to my name on my gravestone. irene d. lived proudly and ate & loved the mousse at frances. game over. the texture was a good king. righteous. he had the chicken, i had the scallops. my dish was the hero. did a dance after each bite. named a building after one even. sunchoke puree had its way with me. and although the chicken dish tasted like a glorified deconstructed chicken pot pie... it didn't give my bf the same mutant abilities to save the earth as my dish gave me.okay. all accolades i know.... where is the missing fifth star? it was the dessert. dont get me wrong... i loved it, I ordered the buttermilk strawberry cake. it looked, well, like muffin. maybe by that time, i thought we'd end the experiential culinary journey like champions. and although the flavors were outstanding- it still looked like a muffin. an $8 dollar muffin. *after-thought: the bf and i agreed that if we went in for the bouchees + mousse + scallops it would have been a complete set of 5 happy stars.
I took my bf here for dinner for landing his new job. I highly recommend making reservations as the place is really small and everyone seems to have reservations. We started off with the bacon beignets. These were good and had a hint of bacon. We also got the baked clams and our waiter offered to give us two more on the house! These were yummy. We then shared the tuna confit and pea soup which were both really delicious. For entrees, he had the steak and I went with the halibut. His was delicious but mine was pretty vanilla. We ordered two desserts to share - chocolate cake that came with almond ice cream and lemon pound cake that came with sweet corn ice cream. Both were really interesting and different. Thanks for a great dinner!
My first high-end restaurant experience in San Francisco was at Fifth Floor when Ms. Perello was chef there -- it was a great start indeed, and I have been excited by her presence at Frances.A lot of higher end SF restaurants traffic in great ingredients. Few traffic in perfectionist, anal-retentive, classically-French technique. Even fewer take it a step further than that and display inspired creativity. Frances does all this, and delivers with great service in a cozy setting.I've been four times now, over two seasons, so I've tried a pretty good swath of the menu considering its small size. The small plates include the beignets which are a kind of signature dish; basically very light fried dough with lardons. The dungeness crab salad is pretty consistently one of the appetizers. Every restaurant in SF seems to have a crab salad; Frances stands out for the immaculate seasoning, dressing, and prep work that goes into the ingredients, as well as the balance. On my last visit I had a grilled Albacore tuna first course; perfectly cooked, balanced seasoning and, geez, the kitchen even went to the trouble of peeling the cherry tomatoes. Talk about attention to detail ...  For me the lamb preparations are among the best I've had anywhere, and I reallllyyy love lamb. The thing about Frances is they do the "lamb several ways" schtick, and actually leave have you wanting to eat all the different preparations. The dry-cooked lamb has the fat properly rendered (really, really important with lamb!), and with a great crust. The braised lamb is served inside a crepe, which is innovative enough, and it's actually lovingly made, not some afterthought (and, thank God, not a freakin' ballotine ... talk about a stomach bomb ...).The food isn't perfect. Last time I went my partner had the chicken. The preparation was perfectly-roasted chicken with polenta (a corn product), sweet corn (more corn!), chanterelles, and peaches (more sweet, yellow stuff). Despite the immaculately good preparation of every component, the whole concept of polenta and corn and peaches is a little bizarre. Surely you'd at least include some bacon ... Also dessert is kind of a snoozer. Sure, there's a great pot de creme; but let's face it, a pot de creme is glorified Chocolate Jell-O for grown ups, and a place with a two month waiting list for reservations ... ah, forget it ... at the FIfth Floor where Perello worked before, the kitchen put out a glorious spiced, chocolate souffle. Guess dessert isn't exactly her muse in the new outing ...The wine and drinks situation is very reasonable. What I like in any wine list is a sign of an honest desire on the part of the staff for you to have SOMETHING reasonable to drink without doubling the cost of your meal. They've gone about this in various creative ways at Frances, starting with the oh-so-market-inspired shots of whatever-is-on-the-board, and just having reasonable prices all around on the wine list. Overall I think Frances is an example of a talented, well-trained chef cooking the food she likes, in small space with a small menu, and holding to an impeccably high standard for every plate. It's not perfect but it's hard to expect much more from a pricey, neighborhood restaurant in our lovely city ...
Now that all the reviews have confirmed Melissa's food rocks, there are other cool things that make dinner even more amazing.- $3 nightly shot of whatever's in season, spiked with Pomme apple liquor. Last night: mandarin, bergomat, lemon. Mm tasty.- House-blended wine sold $1/oz. Doing the math, that's $5 a glass. Awesome.- Carafes that you pour yourself so you're only charged what you drink. Hm, weirdly the whole carafe disappeared.- Nicest manager/hosts everrrr: Paul and Patrick.- Fun, funny server Bobbie who moved from LA to work here.- Inexpensive prices = you can try almost everything for pretty cheap! 4 of us pigs ordered 5 starters, 3 mid-courses, 2 entrees, 2 desserts + 4 shots + wine for $45/each. Wonderful, well-done dinner. Thank you!!
Dear Yelpers,I read your reviews about Frances before deciding to go. I made reservations 3 weeks in advance and still could only get a table for 4 at 9:30pm on a Wednesday (we pretended to be European with our late weekday dining). Yelpers, you were right. The restaurant was packed even at 10pm on a random weekday. There isn't room to stand and wait, so take heed and make a reservation!We ordered the delicious market shooters (they were blood orange) and wine by the ounce ($1 per ounce - great deal). The chickpea fritters blew our minds. Who knew you could deep fry hummus? The bacon beignets were good, but after only experiencing Brenda's beignets I was a little confused over the lack of filling. No matter. They were fluffy and we were starving.Pork trotters were a slight table divider - 3/4ths of our party liked them. I personally thought they were flavorful and interesting - definitely something I hadn't tried before. The ricotta gnocci came next - we savored it. Thank god we ordered 2 or else we would have been fork-fighting over the last bite.At this point, we had ordered a bottle of white wine which was very well-paired with our meal. When it came time to order our main course(s), I panicked. "We can't get the lamb!!" I pointed out, because so many of you Yelpers seemed to think it wasn't up to par. The boys ordered the lamb anyway. I started feeling orderer's remorse.Then the lamb came. The server waited expectantly (we had told him about the Yelp reviews and our hesitation). I cut into the meat. It was pink, on the rare side...and it was DELICIOUS. Really flavorful, not tough at all. Dear Yelpers, lamb is not like a filet steak. You have to chew it. It doesn't melt in your mouth. But Frances' braised lamb is juicy and I didn't feel remorse at all after eating it.We also ordered the smoked trout to balance out the meal. Two totally different dishes - but it worked.By this time, I was so full that idea of dessert sounded exhausting. But we ordered the lumberjack cake (comes with maple walnut ice cream). Yelpers, apparently you can ALWAYS make room for lumberjack cake. I never wanted it to end.All in all, Frances was a delight. I love the intimate dining area (some claim it's too loud - I say don't expect to have a quiet meal if you're at a 35-seat restaurant that has an hour waiting list), and the service was great. Our waiter was sassy and engaged, took the time to answer our questions and explained cooking methods.Good luck Yelpers, and happy eating.Sincerely,Hannah
On Saturday evening my business partner and I took a dear friend and well known celebrity to Frances for supper. Not only was the food always as spectacular and service impeccable.If I could give 6 stars, I so would. The kitchen is run by a all female staff and the love and care that is put into every dish is notice,Great job guys,Keep it up!
We got a last second reservation on OpenTable for 6:30pm on a Saturday (someone must have just cancelled). We literally ran out the door to make it- and so glad we did. The service was impeccable. The drinks delicious. And the food worthy of the last meal I consume before the end of the world. I generally don't order and eat dessert, but we had the salted caramel chocolate cake- and wow did it change my mind about sweets. Bottom line, Frances is worth the wait, money, and calories.
This is hands down the best restaurant in the Castro.The food is heaven. The wait staff is extremely kind and caring. The host, Paul, in particular is extremely attentive with a great sense of humour. The other notable thing is they do not abandon their guests sitting at their walk-in bar counter space. They are treated with just as much attention as their reservation tables. This is pretty damn cool, as any number of restaurants seem to like abandoning their bar counter customers in Restaurant Siberia.Their dishes are innovative without losing sight of being good comfort food. Unlike many other experimental restaurants in the city, they do not sacrifice edibility for experimentation's sake.If you go, save room for dessert. The Lumberjack Cake with Humphry Slocombe maple walnut ice cream is to die for.
The food was pleasant and the service was adequate, but neither was anything to write home about -- and was certainly not worth the TWO MONTHS' wait for a reservation for our party of four. Frances is a perfectly serviceable neighborhood place but has been over-hyped, IMHO.
Had one of the most amazing dinner at Frances last night. The Castro neighborhood was in a festive mood. Everybody was in good spirits including the people inside Frances. We started the evening with 3 bouches: bacon beignets, chickpea fritters and roasted beet salad - all very delicious, especially the dipping sauces. Then we ordered the dungeness salad and the ricotta gnocchi - all gone within a matter of minutes. We ordered a side dish of roasted summer squash with butter beans - very fresh and very tasty - it was perfection! My choice of entre was the smoked steelhead trout with fingerling potatoes that came with the most amazing sauce. Our party of 4 ordered just 2 desserts but Chef Melissa Perello sent us the best dessert of the evening - bittersweet chocolate pot de crme ... on the house. Lots (read: 5 "pitchers") of house wine, both white and red, were consumed and enjoyed by all. I've read that Frances's wine director blends the wines which are brought in bulk straight from the winery to the restaurant in kegs and served on tap and sold $1per ounce. What a novel idea.After this incredible dinner, we were off to celebrate with everyone in the Castro ... again.Thanks to everyone at Frances. Especially, Chef Melissa!
It's been a while since I've eaten here so I don't remember all of the details but there were 2 things that stood out...the lumberjack cake and the market shots. Wow! So delicious. I'm still kicking myself for only ordering one market shot because I wanted to try it first and by the time I did and wanted more, they were out. I also remember that the apps out shined the entrees although everything was still good. Will definitely be back. Hopefully I'll be able to score a reservation...
One of my most pleasant restaurant experiences, ever. The things I enjoyed most were the ambiance and service. I know, I know, it's supposed to be all about the food. Truth is that my food was good, but not amazing. Of the dishes I tried, the roasted beet salad was my favorite. The flavors were so well balanced, each ingredient making its mark, but never overpowering another. There was a visual simplicity to the plating of the beets. Large cuts of the root served in a small earthy white bowl. Yes, rustic, but tasteful. I also gave the raved about beignets a taste and was left unimpressed. Unlike the salad, which was full of rich flavors, the beignets were so flat. My question is, if you are going to serve something that is not just bacon but taste only like bacon, why not just serve bacon? The real reason the beignets are a menu standout are because they lack the panache of everything else. I have to believe that everyone tends to enjoy these because they are a comfort food being served at $6.50. As for the entrees I tried, I do recommend the stuffed hen. The polenta it comes with is a little heavy, but it complements the lean white meat very well. When I ordered this dish, I overlooked the note about it having peach. The peach however pulls the plate together. It is like those little sandwiches we all make at Thanksgiving with a biscuit, turkey and some delicious cranberry sauce. Well, the peach is that cranberry sauce we look forward to every year. Unfortunately the mushroom crepe cannelloni were over salted and not so wonderful. The textures were terrific but the plate was hard to enjoy. I will have to try this dish again some other time. So the food was really hit or miss. One thing that was consistent was the absolutely superb service. The entire staff is attentive and courteous. I am one to complain about restaurant employees. I always feel that they act like know it alls, when all they have really done is memorized a menu and been given notes by the chef or they fail to know anything. In other instances they are rude, making you walk around them, forgetting the #1 rule in service. This is not Frances. There is nothing bad I can say about the people there.Oh, and the dcor rocks!
Everything was worth the hype -- except ...the bacon beignets. yeah, blasphemy. They were fine, but not really light and fluffy like a real beignet should be. maybe it's just because I'm not that big a fan of bacon. The chickpea fries, however, were like fried creamy hummus, criispy perfection on the outside, rich unctuous deliciousness on the inside. so perfect by itself, the meyer lemon aioli really didn't add anything.ricotta gnocchi lived up to the description of just about every yelper here -- impossibly light and fluffy, with a perfect combination of morels, baby fava beans, and green garlic. The only thing I could imagine making it better would be if it had had ramps with the morels... but I've still yet to see ramps on a west coast menu.I had the cannelloni as my main, which were bursting with the flavors of caramelized kale and foraged mushrooms, without being overwhelmingly rich. Quite good - though I think I've had a similar dish at Range that was even better.For dessert, we had the chocolate mousse, which was perfect. I was secretly upset that I had to share it with 3 other people. The lumberjack cake was fine, but I don't really even remember the taste of it as I was too busy trying to permanently lock in the taste of salty airy chocolate in my tastebuds.Add a bottle of Soave and 2 glasses of dessert wine, and we somehow managed to leave there with a bill that was just over $50 a person. Amazing food, amazing deal, amazing service... simply amazing.
Michelin star meant I had to try it out. Yelp meant I got my expectations up too high. Decided to go on a whim and somehow my family got a reservation the day before for 5:15, good stroke of luck given how hard it appears to be for reservations. We ordered everything that was recommended. Bacon Beinots: I LOVE bacon and I'm pretty fond of Beinots. But this combo was like watching the Sharks play well and then collapse when they need to win. Not special and I was disappointed in the mix of flavors. Cmon Yelp you guys can do better!Calamari: It was pleasant but my Mom makes this kind of flavor all the time easily. Appetizers:Chicken liver plate: Now I love pate and have been eating nice French pate and foie gras the past few months in Europe. Very enjoyable and the sweet sauce mixed with the liver was amazing!Pasta: Don't remember the name, don't remember the flavor.Entrees:I ordered the Salmon while the rest of my family got Halibut and steak. All three dishes were standard fare and enjoyable.Desert:Lumberjack cake was an orgasm in your mouth. The ice cream with it was perfect. Probably woulda eaten a whole cake if I wasn't so full from the earlier dishes.So I had an enjoyable meal and the food was good overall. Just not Michelin good.
My lady friend and I had been hearing about this lovely little spot for over a year and decided to finally commit and make a reservation a month and a half out to see what all the fuss was about. We arrived and the host took our coats and led us to a little table. We had the bacon beignets- tasty, not thrillingCalamari, again, tasty.. but not amazingBeet salad- good, small plate, not thrilling.The house red wine, which was a good deal in the per ounce containerThe truffle and chanterelle gnocci- delicious. I've never liked gnocci until this one.. yum. The flavors were nicely balanced and rich. The steak- tasty but the gnocci was better. All in all.. solid food, but not knock- your- socks off amazing. Happy we got to try it though!
Solid food all around. Things we tried:- Bacon beignets- Pasta and sausage- duck liver mousse with dates spread on toast- duck breasts with beans and mushrooms- risotto with mushrooms and kale- espresso panna cotta-chocolate and chestnut bread pudding Loved that the food wasn't heavy and very fresh, loved the vibe. Love that the portions aren't ginormous so the 3 of us were able to try a good number of dishes. The only bummer is that it's so hard to get reservations. Otherwise I'd probably come back more often if the menu changes seasonally.  Highly recommended! Don't take my word for it, try it yourself!!!
After waiting 3 months, I FINALLY got to try Frances and figured I would be disappointed by the hype...fortunately I was very wrong!Frances is one of those places where everything on the menu sounds good, they keep the menu simple and fresh and they have an extensive wine list.The restaurant is pretty small and most of the tables are only a few inches from each other (which is the only flaw I could find).I would recommend the Magnolia beer, it was delicious. (it is the only beer on tap, so that should not be hard to remember)Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Crme Fraiche & Chive: tasted like bacon doughnut holes without the sugar, very goodPannisse Frites - Crispy Chickpea Fritters, Roasted Garlic, Lemon Aioli: looked like mozzarella sticks, but the inside was a made from garbanzo beans and had a smooth texture to itHeirloom Tomato Salad - Sweet Herb Vinaigrette & Baby Lettuce: very fresh and delicious heirloom tomatoes. How can you go wrong with that?Ricotta Gnocchi - White Corn & Heirloom Tomato Ragout, Basil & Reggiano: LOVED this dish, the Gnocchi almost tasted like cheese, the sauce was delicious and overall was perfect.Watson Farm Lamb - Summer Squash, Baked Ricotta, Braised Lamb, Crespelle: the lamb was cooked perfectly and sliced into thin slices, I would definitely recommend the lamb.Grilled Albacore Tuna - Roasted Early Girl Tomatoes, Fregola Sarda & Olives: the tuna was rare in the middle and had a great flavor, the roasted tomatoes that the tuna was served on was good, but nothing spectacular.Ridge Cut White Cornmeal Pound Cake - Ricotta Semifreddo & Pluots: I LOVED this dessert, I could have probably have eaten the entire thing even after eating all of the above!Almond and Semolina Crostata - Bartlett Pear & Blackberry, English Thyme Ice Cream: this dessert was good also, especially the thyme ice cream, which I could not stop eating.Overall: great food & great service, I already want to go back.**note: need to make a reservation a few months in advanced
This is the real deal: food that is innovative, delicious and well-served. Quite simply, Frances is my favorite new restaurant in SF. And it worth the multi-month wait to get a reservation. Try the bacon beignets and the dark chocolate pot de creme with bing cherries. Frances is a must for foodies!Just went there for a second time and my boyfriend and I were so equally impressed as the first time. This place is a temple for real foodies.
Reservations are not hard to get on OpenTable for early 5-5:30pm or late 9-10pm diners. A lot of people give up their reservations the day before (that's when OpenTable sends an email reminder and a Frances receptionist calls to confirm) or a couple of days prior.Walk-ins are harder for groups larger than 2, since the REALLY tight/intimate/cramped bar counters sit 2-4-4 people and most diners come in pairs. Our group of three luckily 'only' waited ~45 minutes (note: one person can 'hold down the fort' but all must be present when your desired bar seats open up).Three hungry girls with big appetites loved and shared:+ Market Shot $3 (3 oz): Watermelon spiked with some vermouth and bitters, served in a cute little candle-holder looking goblet. Tasted more like watermelon juice with no alcohol, pretty refreshing.+ House Wine $2 (2 oz): Order by the oz., good for folks with low tolerance.+ Jalisco Sunrise $12: There are a few pieces of fruits on the bottom!+ Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets - Maple Chive Creme Fraiche $7: Five little light and moist balls of deliciousness.+ White Corn Soup - Dungeness Crab, Roasted Shishito Peppers, Creme Fraiche $11: Sadly, we each only got 6-7 spoonfuls and not a drop was left behind. Do NOT miss this - get your own.+ Five-Dot Ranch Bavette Steak - California Porcini, White Corn Polenta, Pistachio Pesto $27: Solid ingredients, medium rare, good portion.+ Dinner Bell farm Chicken - Baby Kale Salad, Spiced Jus, Lemon, Roasted Spring Onion $26: The lemon complemented the chicken surprisingly well (did not overwhelm the flavor), and this was surprisingly my favorite entree. I almost used my bread to mop up the leftover spiced jus!+ Half Moon Bay King Salmon - Smoked Baby Beets, English Peas, Dill, Creme Fraiche $26: The cooked salmon was so tender and the skin was so soft! We all separately said "wow, the beets". Really great recreation of salmon/dill/creme fraiche.+ Chocolate Almond 'Clafoutis' - Roasted Cherries, Caramel?, Toasted Almond Ice Cream $9: Largest portion of ice cream in any fancy restaurant I've ever been to, and I loved the flavor of it. Chocolate desserts aren't really my thing though.+ Blackberry/Peach Galette with some sort of milkshake $9: You can really taste the peach, as in the natural flavors of the peach and not the overly-sweetened-canned stuff. The milkshake was okay.The stranger who dined next to me (aka my new bff thanks to the intimate seating situation) ordered this butter bean+mushroom side dish that looked absolutely divine - TWICE. She also had chicken wings, one of today's specials, that smelled like they could beat any specialty-wings-restaurant.Overall a great experience and I will definitely return with a reservation, to sit at a table with room to breathe!
Oh my goodness. The food at Frances makes me feel good, like a king. It has so much going for it: wonderful ingredients that are well sourced; innovative preparation; and serving sizes that satisfy without stuffing. White bean soup is poured over house made chorizo and kale at the table. The soup is thick and smooth. The large chunks of house-made chorizo are spicy and add texture. Wondrous. Always get the soup at Frances.Al dente pasta with shaved asparagus, lemon, and walnuts is over some mascarpone. Generally, I prefer tomato-based to cheese sauces, but this was a great plate of food.Five dot range bavette steak came over a farro ragout. The steak from Five Dot Ranch tastes like steak can and should. The mix of farro and maitake mushrooms is a thing of beauty. And the service staff here really knows what it is about.
Most awesome food, service, ambiance. Didn't have reservation but got in at 5:10 at the bar.
How to begin, a reservation or arriving when the doors open.How to drink, begin with the Market Shot or two... Then, either the house wine or something you have not tried, all is amazing!How to eat, try not to eat to much. Once, I ordered the dishes, as if they were tapas and the two of us filled our table and we both left feeling full. Must haves, bacon beignets and the soup! Soup is always great here!Hints, Be nice to the staff and don't bring a big bag or wear a big jacket unless you must for a private personal reason. Don't be like me...
I finally decided to take my good friend to Frances for his belated birthday dinner... 5 months belated that is.We ended up having a wonderful night and my friend also mentioned that this is now one of his favorite restaurants.I absolutely don't give a crap what other reviewers say about the wait.. it was WORTH IT. What do you expect from a small restaurant with about 12 tables? It can be frustrating but take in consideration that sometimes things don't go as plan because maybe there are very slow eaters out there and how some people just love to take days sipping on their wine. Anyhow, it was worth my wait, every second of it!We had:Drinks:APPLE & HONEYMARKET SHOT : if you love lemon like i do, you'll love this oneHOUSE BLEND: i love the concept of this one.. they hand you the pitcher, pour as you wish and charges you by the ounce. They won't charge you what's left in the pitcher .. $1 an ounce.Starters:PANISSE FRITES: Chickpea Fritters served w/ lemon aioliCRISP PORK TROTTERS : my golly this was so delicious... especially the sauce with mustard seeds.RICOTTA GNOCCHI : creamy but light!!! also very delcious ... oh the the morel mushrooms went perfectly with itEntrees:WATSON FARM SPRING LAMB: I don't normally like to eat lamb, the meat was tough, so i dont know if this is a normal thing... can't really speak for this one.CREPE CANNELLONI - Oh my, I'm glad this was my entree. Everything about it, from the batter, cheese, and how it situated on top of delicious mushrooms.Desserts:BITTERSWEET CHOCOLATE MOUSSE- for the chocolate lovers. 'LUMBERJACK CAKE' - yum yum yum!!! cake was so moist.. the most moist cake i've had by far and i love how the cake springs w/ that spongey effect.After I saw my bill, I was even HAPPIER. I expected it to be around $200... but came out $84 less than expected. Great value, for great quality food and service.
Here's the deal --- Transcendent. I used that word with the waiter tonight. I never use that word. Unless I'm talking about early Van Halen.We had:Bouchees: Bacon Beignets and BeetsAppetizers: Crab and Frisee saladsEntrees: Soul Food Chicken and Slow Cooked BeefDesserts: Lumberjack Cake and Chocolate TartAll was fantastic. As was the house red.I haven't had a meal this good anywhere in SF in 5 years. Seriously. I have plenty of great 5-star meals here, but nothing - NOTHING - like this.The beef will keep me up at night for days and I will spend thousands trying to recreate it at home...most likely to fail....If we had a quibble at all (and we don't) it would be that It would have been nice to have a taste of something sweet - maple syrup maybe? - in the creme fraiche with the beignets.But I have no other words. Just go there. Now.
Tucked in a corner on 17th St by Pond, stands Frances. What a cute, cozy, neighborhood gem. The service was attentive and warm. Here are the food highlights:- 5 Bacon Beignets per order; crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The creme fraiche with chives is killer.- Celery Root & Pacific Oyster chowder - yummy creaminess, but not too creamy. however, i did not taste the oyster...- Carnaroli Rissoto - this is definitely creamy goodness, each bite melted in my mouth- Lumberjack Cake - with a scoop of Walnut ice cream from Humphrey Slocombe - the cake itself has dates in it and it came out warm. the cake had a slight crisp to it on the outside and was moist on the inside. perfect!- I also had the house made 7 up; they added a hint of mint to it, among possibly other things but the mint was the only noticeable difference. if only it was fizzier!
I never give a restaurant 5 stars - but this place a great. My wife and I went yesterday, no reservation, right at prime time (about 7.30pm I think). The place was full and our only option was the bar. The thing is, it was a very solid experience from start to finish. Our waiter (maybe he was the bartender?) was super patient with the wine selection. We were tasting things, just weren't sure. Ultimately we settled into some nice vino. Bread and toasted almonds came out and were both quite good. The trout was super tasty, light, fresh. We also had a vegetarian mix/casserole which was also very tasty. Then desert was pretty much off the charts. And, just to top it off, my espresso didn't even need a sugar - perfect. One of my favorites in The City.
I am in love with this COZY hipster neighboorhood place. I'm giving it 5 stars for the SIMPLE FOOD AND value received.  This was not supposed to be a fabulous foodie experience but rather an overall a fun evening with good food. Don't expect romance and nice tablecloths. If you want a three hour fancy dinner, go to Gary Danko. The place is loud, crowded and you have zero privacy. Probably a good place if you were going to dump your significant other in style!. Honey, I love you but it just isn't working out... Now dig in! :-) HOWEVER, THE FOOD IS FANTASTIC. Best part is that this place won't kill your wallet at the end of the evening. The food was supurb and done quite well.My juicy bavatte steak was perfectly done (medium rare) with tons of flavor. The ingredients are simply and non-complex.The stuffed clams --- I can't get enough of them! Fried Green tomatoes were great too. Dessert - It looked good but I was stuffed and couldn't do it.I was very please with this restaurant and will DEFINITELY be frequenting it again. Just wish I could bypass the long waiting list..
Fantastic dinner. We love to eat out, so when we visit San Fran, it's about the restaurants. Frances is one of our favorites now. Tonight we had a variety of small plates instead of the traditional app and entree - we had bacon beignets (blissful, light, smokey), duck liver mousse (amazing balance of flavors with the sweet jam and cippolini onions), the calamari salad with garbanzos - wow! These were our favorites. Also had the onion and ramp soup - creamy and lovely, the squid ink pasta (delicious, maybe a little salty, but better when you don't miss out on the garlic laden sauce at the bottom), the roasted cabbage (very tasty, but not as much a stand-alone as a side, and by that point, too full to enjoy. Oh yes - the turnip empanadas with salsa verde were very good! Great service, beautiful place (we made a 5pm reservation about a month and a half in advance and were able to sit at one of the tables that was separate from the line of very close tables, so it was extra nice to not be crowded). If I could change anything it would be the pacing - the food came out in waves, but very close together - we would have liked 5 or 10 minutes in between to let it settle and drink some wine, etc. It felt a tad rushed, and were out in only an hour - would have liked more time and would have run up the wine bill more. Don't miss the cocktails - we had the Matthiasson Vermouth and the Cava with huckleberry. The Cava was delicious, but the Matthiasson was truly unique and memorable. Will track that down in the future. The Josey Baker bread is not to be missed, and we loved the house white by the oz. - what a neat idea to pay only for what you had. Can't wait to recommend this place to others
We finally managed to snag a reservation at Frances after a year of "screw this place it's so impossible to get into it couldn't be worth the trouble harumph."OMG, was it worth the wait. I just had some of the best food I've ever had in San Francisco. There was not a single misstep in either of our meals. The chicken I had as a main course was the best I've ever had, flavors so intense and beautiful the only word I could think of to describe it was "satanic." My partner's risotto with lobster mushrooms was similarly exquisite. Our first courses were also great. Desserts were fantastic. The ingredients were as fresh as you can get, and the seasoning and salting were handled artfully. The service was terrific, informal, but timely, very willing to chat with us about our meal choices and tell us all they knew about various dishes. The meal was nicely paced, neither rushed nor too leisurely paced.About the only places I can think of I like as much are Gary Danko and Boulette's Larder in the Ferry Building. Those are both half an hour from where we live, while Frances is a five minute walk down the hill. It is a hassle to get into Frances but I guess we will have to figure out a way.
my friend had to give up his reservation at the last minute so my bf and i gladly took up the opportunity to try one of the most sought-after meals in town! frances lived up to expectations and more, serving up tasty small plates ideal for sharing.the market shots are a MUST TRY, so long as you like fresh, seasonal fruit! i don't remember what the exact fruits were that went into the little 3 oz. bubble glass, but it tasted of honeyed citrus with a little bit of brandy... so lovely and refreshing.for our meal, we had:- bacon beignets: light and just slightly savory- crispy pork trotters: didn't know what to expect but it was tasty! like a hash consistency, which i love- ricotta gnocchi: another must have... the gnocchi was light as air and so nice! those morel mushrooms are unusual but tasty little things too!- caramelized scallops: very nicely done!service was friendly and knowledgeable without a bit of snootiness. all in all a lovely experience. even the bread was yummy... but remember to ask for it as it doesn't come out automatically!would love to walk in just to try another seasonal market shot *sigh*
My boyfriend and I recently dined at Frances and were rather unimpressed with the food. This was my second visit and the food was much less interesting and impressive than my first visit. I would have rated it 5 stars on my last visit, but this time around, none of our food was that special. The ambiance of the restaurant is great and I do love its location. Some things we ordered:Grilled calamari - ok. fresh but nothing that flavorfulSpugnole Pasta - very good pasta with delicious flavorsSummer Bean Cassoulet - very blandAll in all, it wasn't worth the difficulty in getting a reservation. Nothing was particularly bad, but nothing really impressed. Won't hurry back.
FINALLY, after what felt like FOREVER, I was finally able to see what the hype was all about.Overall, the food was lovely but what makes Frances well worth the wait is the extremely charming host, Patrick, who was extremely attentive, friendly and charming and his amazing staff. The food albeit it delightful wasn't extraordinary but it was the ambiance, staff, food, in essence the complete experience of dining at Frances that would make me come back.
Was lucky enough to get a last minute table with a friend when we otherwise were going to end up at some hole in the wall in the Mission. All I can say is that man am I glad the table opened up here.Positive highlights:- house wine is $1/ounce and you pour it all yourself (nobody forces it on you). It's not actually half bad for a house wine either. - menu is pretty cheap for the quality of food and ambiance (nothing more than $20 if I recall correctly) - oyster chowder was freaking bomb. Perfectly seasoned and the creme fraiche on top was well worth the blocking of my arteries. - the risotto was delicious. The mushrooms had a great taste to them and were not overcooked, fresh fontina was tasty, and the rice was perfectly cooked. - the appetizer we had that night (I think it was fried squash) was very tasty with the chipotle aioli. . Upon looking at the menu again, it seems like they tweaked it slightly (like today's appetizer is fried yams, which also sound good). - All the staff were very friendly- clean restroomNegative highlights:- wait time between courses varied between long and way too freaking long. The wait time between appetizers and entree was on the longer side, but fine if you're having a good conversation. However the wait time between finishing entrees and dessert/the check was way too long (close to 30 minutes). Overall this place was awesome and I wouldn't hesitate to go back if I had the chance. They need to work on their timings because that is the only reason for giving it 4* instead of 5
ummm, yea, it was worth going once, but a resounding 4.5 stars collectively from Yelpers AND a Michelin star!? Ummm which Frances are you all going to..? I made the reservation 2 months ago and was really excited to go. Finally, January 22 arrived and my husband and I made the trek to The Castro. We liked the atmosphere when we walked in. Small, intimate, quaint. The host was one of the nicest hosts we've ever been welcomed by. So far so good. Server arrives... not the friendliest and with a twinge of "I don't like my job" in her approach. Also, didn't love being told to "take a taste of the wine" we had ordered after I told her she could just pour. Yeah, if I don't want to taste the wine before you pour, I'm good. I'm up to speed on wine service etiquette. I don't need to be rep remanded. I thought as the customer, I was the one making the decisions, not the waitress. Food itself was decent. Yes, Bacon Beignets with Creme' Fresh? Delicious! Crab Salad? Solid. Bevette Steak? B. The steak itself was slightly undercooked. Pollenta? Needed salt. *please don't make me ask for salt. Put it on the table. Its arrogant and makes me feel bad to have to ask for it. Brussel Sprouts? really good. Lumberjack cake? The best dessert I've had in a while. All in all, I stand by my 3 stars. If our waitress had been better, i might have given 4. In fact, mid meal she more or less disappeared. Two other extremely friendly nice servers picked up the slack. And for that, those two deserve a shout out. Hurray to you and thank you!!! Frances, glad I took a test drive, but will not be back to buy any time soon.
A high-end casual restaurant in the Castro with a real foodie pedigree, you say?! It's like a unicorn has landed.Yes, Frances really is that good, and I was very impressed with both food and service at my dinner there last week--barely a week after they'd opened. Pretty much everything we ordered ranged from decent to really quite good. The "amuses" are worth starting off with, and the chestnut soup we had was delicious on a cold night. My fish wrapped in an uncured prosciutto was delicious over some squash puree; my friend's steak was a little dry but incredibly flavorful. The chocolate cake was rich, blissful heaven.Their metered, pour-it-yourself, pay-by-the-ounce wine service is a far more clever (and appropriate) approach to "casual wine service" than what other restaurants in this segment are doing. (Flour + Water, can you hear me?) My friend and I opted for a full bottle instead, and our server recommended a tasty Barbera that didn't disappoint.I'm pleased to see some more high-end (without being ridiculously overpriced) places coming into the Castro neighborhood. Hopefully Frances will continue to make it work!
The fact that this restaurant has a Michelin star downright baffles me. Not that the food is anything less than divine- however I would expect an establishment of this caliber would be much improved in the service and overall dining experience department. Let me explain.It's a Tuesday night and my friend and I have a reservation for 9:30 (yes, dining at this hole-in-the-wall eatery is so coveted that despite booking weeks in advance, you'll probably never sit down any time remotely around 7). We walk in and the cozily minuscule dining area is packed and loud. Add to the mix some blaring background music and you'll be lucky if you even have your voice the next day. We sit down at a very cramped table and the waiter leaves us to ponder over the menu for long enough that we have ample time to create our own visions of what the dishes and wines might entail before coming back to answer our questions and take our orders. I note that a slice of bread is an additional $1.50. Not pleased, but not willing to forgo my daily staple, I order ONE slice. Add to this a cup of mulled wine, a soup of pured sunchokes and truffles, and a small dish of ricotta gnocchi with breadcrumbs and sauted greens and I know I'm in for an evening of culinary orgasms. The soup arrives first, sans bread which is fine by me as I quickly forget my carb addiction upon ingesting the first spoonful of this creamy root vegetable-laced bliss. The mushrooms added a delightful earthy taste as well as a complimentary chewy texture. Soup finished, but no bread to wipe the bowl clean, I ask a waitress if the bread is on its way. She snaps back that it would be, had I ordered it. I retort that it was indeed ordered, along with the soup and she apologizes and brings the bread shortly thereafter. Two slices to be exact. I certainly hope that I will not be charged as a compensation for the rudeness and tardiness.Gnocchi is next in line, and very tasty indeed. Soft, buttery, and sprinkled with Parmesan, this dish was quickly devoured. The accompanying greens were flavorful and not over cooked in the least. Crunchy fried breadcrumbs provided a superb finish to this delightful edible masterpiece.For our finale, my friend and I shared a chocolate clafoutis with crispy banana and salted caramel ice cream drizzled in burned caramel sauce. This flavor sensation extraordinaire was in my opinion the highlight of the evening, but then again you probably know that my sweet tooth has a sweet spot for salted and or burned caramel in particular. And this dish did not fail to deliver and satisfy in the least. If I were to do it over I would skip the dinner and eat two of these, all on my own. But then I'd have missed out on the orgasmic root vegetable soup and cloud like fluffy gnocchi. But such is life.So all on all, the food easily satisfied my expectations. However, when we received the check I was charged for TWO slices of bread and this pissed me off greatly. While my meal was delicious, I probably won't make it a point to return due to the service and the fact that there is a seemingly endless stream of trendy new restaurants with equally mouth watering food popping up in the city all the time.
Two visits in the past 6 months. First, as a group date with a Doctor friend (Specialist), who unabashedly treated all 4 of us to everything on the summer menu.Second, crowded on the bar, as a walk in client.Impression, good as it gets for a local "smallish" destination restaurant. I am glad that the Chef/Kitchen decided to lighten up on the salt (first visit). Though, as a suggestion, try to give elbow space on the counter seating. Otherwise, when I get a spare Benji I'll consider a third return.
Totally worth the late (9pm) dinner rez (made three weeks out). The gnocchi are soft little pillows of bliss.... the beets are in a class of their own... and the scallops are absolutely marvelous... the wine... and the setting on a quiet street on the Castro fringe all make for a wonderful dining experience. If you like food you'll like Frances.GG.
We waiting an hour, but it was well worth the wait. Bobby stirred up a few of his delicious concoctions and darn i can't remember his name, the beverage consultant came and chatted with us a bit. It was a fun filled hour, I am not complaining. I simply added this piece of info if you think you can arrive starved with no reso.. I wouldn't recommend it. Bobby's fav are the Pork Trotters.. it's not always on the menu, but when it is it's a must try. try it, tell me what you think!Panisse Frites - I liked.. It's more of a polenta consistency.. I forgot they were chickpeas. Watson Farm Spring Lamb - tender and delicious! Dessert - The best chocolate mousse on the planet.. seriously.. it just melted in my mouth.. I want more!!Love Frances.. Can't wait to come back.
After hearing about this place so many times, i finally wanted to give it a try with a friend last friday and it definitely proved that high reviews, michelin star and the quality. Only difficulty is finding a table between 8-10pm - reasonable- for dinner, even though you try to make the reservation a few weeks advance. I will not give up! and be back soon!
After seeing that the wait to get in Frances was a solid 2 months we decided to just try to walk in...on a Friday night...in December...in the midst of the Holiday Season. Guess What? We were immediately seated at the bar. Yes, it was on the early aside 6:30 but not having to wait 2 months was awesome.We started with the fresh juice mixture and then moved onto the wine. I really do love their concept of pay for what you drink. The restaurant started to fill up very quickly after we were seated so I think we timed it perfectly.The menu had lots of great option and getting a birds eye view of the hustle in the kitchen was fun dining entertainment. The bacon beignets were perfectly seasoned balanced and not too heavy. We also ordered the crab salad which was a little underwhelming, not as much flavor as I would've liked, the gnocchi had a great texture, the steak and cod were both very good and cooked perfectly. Overall it was a great meal, however if I had waited two months to get in I may not have enjoyed it quite as much as yes it was delicious but I'm not sure it merits that long of a wait.
Wait was 2 hours without a reservation and totally worth it. We drank a great wine that I wish I could remember but I know it was a Syrah. The food was delicious!!! Also while my party and I waited the restaurant brought us four wine glasses and we drank wine outside of the restaurant. HUGE plus. I think that if there is a long wait the restaurant should provide minor services (drinks and appetizers) for those who are waiting.
A new restaurant in my neighborhood getting good reviews I had to stop in. Popped in last night and and I was able to grab a seat at the bar. The wait staff was very pleasant and accommodating but I must say the bar area is packed pretty tightly. I felt like I was sandwiched in. After reviewing the menu I opted for the steak. The flavor was OK but just OK and the portion was quite small. At $23 they could had either priced it lower or made the portion a bit larger. I don't need a half of a cow but had I known it was going to be that small I probably would have also had a starter course. Anyway all in all it was alright but I must say I was expecting it to be much better. Since it's in my neighborhood I will definitely give them another shot but for now I can only give three stars.
Frances is a hidden Noe Valley/Castro gem. After an evening at the movies, our party of 4 dined at Frances on a rainy Saturday evening. Even before I walked through the doors, I had a great impression of this place.. mainly because they were able to squeeze us in for a last minute reservation! Dining at Frances is an intimate experience. The tables are close together so you can't help but look over and assess your neighbor's choice of appetizers/entrees. A friend and I ordered the slow roasted beef and the rest of our party ordered the soul food chicken and kale. Reading the description of the beef had my mouth watering even before it arrived! I LOVED my dish! The beef was very tender and cooked to perfection. The greens and potato puree were an excellent addition to the dish and complemented the slow-roasted beef very well. I was so enamored with my dish that I forgot to ask my other friends how their dishes were... I imagine they enjoyed their meal as well given the clean plates and happy full stomachs.Generally I struggle to finish my meal given the small size of my stomach; however, I finished every last bite. A cup of Blue Bottle (yes, they serve Blue Bottle) was essential to wake me up from my food coma. I highly recommend Frances!
Frances, do you know what I had to do just to eat at your restaurant? Well first off, I called in March and you said the next available table for two on Friday or Saturday was in July or past July. This got me intrigued and kind of upset because I do not nor do I like to wait that long. So it's been four months and no I didn't make the reservation because that's planning too far in advance even for me, the planner of everything. Enough chit chat, here's the review.GF and I came on the night before the pride parade which I believe is Pink day. We had no idea it was Pink day until we saw a couple of friends a few hours before dinner. I dropped off the gf at 5pm and circled for half an hour until I finally found parking at a lot for $15 (at Home restaurant) which is a close walk. When I finally got there the maitre' D, waiters all welcomed and congratulated me on making it to dinner which was much welcomed. The restaurant is a small place with a bit of New York SoHo vibe to it. It doesn't seat many tables and all the tables were for the reserved. The only place for walk ins are the seats at the communal counter. It was a bit cramped but when eating with the gf, it is A-Ok with me.We shared several dishes and here is the break down.Bacon Beignets: I demand you to order these. Bacon, fried, beignets, man what a combo. With the addition of the sauce which I forgot what it was already but who cares, all I remember was how good these things are. Chicken Liver Mousse: I also demand you to order these. Big scoop of chicken liver mousse with toasted bread and salad. As Tony the Tiger would say "It's greeeeat."Grilled Calamari: Hmm, nothing too special about this. I think it could have been done better but by no means is it a bad course. There are olives, beans, and a bit of greens to compliment it.Corn Soup: This was tasty. It was light but a bit oily and there were shrimp/prawns.Lamb: This was a delightful dish. Lamb was cooked three ways; riblets, pieces of lamb loin, and crepe wrapped brisket. The latter was the worse, tasted a jerky. The riblets were very tasty and the lamb loin was tender, juicy, perfectly cooked.Dungeness Crab Salad : Very light, generous amount of crab meat, fresh greens. I think this was the only greens on the menu and if you need some greens, you need to order this.Drinks: Gf got a strawberry fizz but it tasted more like fruit juice than alcohol. The home made 7-up was really not that much different from a regular 7-up.I'm giving it four stars because I enjoyed pretty much everything we ordered although some dishes didn't blow me away. The service is excellent and attentive. The place is intimate and comfortable and if it wasn't so hard to get a table, I would go back more often. I highly recommend you trying Frances even if you have to eat early or wait in line because it is worth it.
Last minute walk-in accommodations on a busy night jimmied by a fantastically nice staff. Followed by several repeat orders of small dishes, necessitated by their deliciousness. Yes, this place is a gem. Now...to try and get a reservation for the next time...
My dinner partner Will W summed it all up perfectly, I've got very little to add...other than starting with the market shot worked for this lightweight drinker and they have blue bottle coffee and some good teas to finish with.Too bad there isn't anyplace to hang out while you wait for your table, the tiny bar is crammed. Decor slightly too Restoration Hardware-y but I like that.
The CRAZY hype for Frances DID meet my high expectations....First impressions are the most important, as soon as you walk in Frances it has a warm touch of lighting, and the classic SF restaurant feel, where the surrounding tables conversations put a nice buzz into the room. The only drawback is that if you have to wait there really is NO place to wait, so hopefully you have a reservation. The Bacon Beignets are a must, savory and fantastic. The Dungeness Crab Salad with Butter Lettuce is crisp and the Crab is fresh and at a perfect temperature. The entrees I tried were the Lamb, Cannelloni, and Stuffed Chicken. All were equally as tasty, presentation beautified, and service impeccable! I happen to think Zuni has the best chicken in town, and Kokkarri has the best lamb which is why I didn't give Frances a 5 star...However Frances does come in a close second when comparing those two particular dishes!
I'm not sure I can add much to what the other 5-star reviews are saying, so I'll keep it short and sweet, just like the menu at Frances. After waiting several months for my reservation, expectations were sky high. But for me, it delivered. The space was surprisingly calm. I thought with all the hype it would have diners packed in like sardines with waitstaff hurrying everyone along, but it felt comfortable and cosy. Our waiter was friendly and helpful. The concise menu had just enough options to please everyone at the table. The moment of truth was when the food arrived... trust me, this place is well worth the wait.
Had our company holiday party here, rented out the whole place for 16 people and it was perfect. Two different appetizers followed by a five course deluxe/delish meal. The service was fantastic and the food was perfect in every way. A+ to the chef and staff. Thanks!
SOLID BABY!Amazing:valrhona cake `73 madeiraVery good:yam fries with meyer lemonalbondigaschicken w/fennel and nectarineMediocre:cod with boccalone lardo bacon beignets with creme fraicheNow for some random facts:-Seating was tight, especially at the bar.-The house wine is $1 per ounce. They give you a beaker full and see how much is gone at the end of dinner. They charge you for the amount you drank. (This would never work in Russia. Somebody would pour water in there to make it look full again.)-The coffee pots are gorgeous glass carafes with wood and leather.-The location is that of the former Hawaiian restaurant.
New favorite San Francisco spot!! Here is the run down of everything we ordered:Rosemary Almonds - Complimentary nuts. These were incredible! So simple, delicious, and served piping hotDungeness Crab Salad - Refreshing salad but the dressing was a little too creamy or the salad was a bit overdressed. The crab did taste very fresh though.California Halibut - I'm not normally not a big fan of halibut because it's a denser fish but this was delicious! The accompaniments of squash and melted leeks were incredible.Carnaroli Risotto - Marvelously creamy and perfect risotto. Roasted Brussels Sprouts - Perfectly seasoned and wonderful. The hazelnuts and grapes were a good compliment.Golden Polenta - This dish was a little underwhelming. Definitely not bad but it was bland compared to the rest of the meal.Lumberjack cake - YUM. Addicting. I wished it was served warm but regardless the flavor was wonderful.The ambiance was also great. Small and charming spot. My one comment is that our server was a little rude to us towards the beginning of the meal. Made us feel stupid for asking a couple questions about the menu. We were a little taken aback because the GM was SO kind and accommodating in comparison. Anyway... I love this spot and will definitely be back! Even if I have to get there at 5 pm again to get a table. Worth it.
Super friendly service and great food. I love the ambiance, simple and clean. The food is the same . Not over done, not too much sauce, oil or butter. Just good fresh flavors. Buy your wine by the ounce and do not miss the market shots, my favorite! Beware, make your reservation two months in advance.
dinner here last night was well worth breaking my new year's resolutions over. four words: bacon beignets for days.the food is amazing, but beyond that, the service is perfect. patrick (i believe he's the matre d'?) is so, so awesome - he makes you feel like you're at a dinner party at a good friend's house. the entire staff is super friendly, but not up-in-your-face or obnoxious. the wine list is great with a lot of affordable options.the chocolate almost clafoutis is no joke.frances is my new favorite restaurant in sf!
The food was excellent, as is to be expected from one of the fastest rising chefs in the bay area. I particularly enjoyed the duck. The place is cozy and has a warm feeling to it as well. Either make reservations or be there when the door opens to get a table. As many have said, go ahead and skip the house wine, it is "whatever" and Frances food is not a meal to be paired with a "whatever" wine. Bonus: Next to us was a couple of Asian girls. One of them works in tech and the other one is an intern at a big four accounting firm. The later is considering moving to New York but hears it can be intimidating for women. Her alternative would be to stay in San Francisco and have the next 5 years "figured out" (lucky her). She espouses all of the naive idealism which is shamelessly thrust upon interns and would be interns at the big accounting firms. We never spoke to them once.Moral of the story. Frances is a master class over all dining experience and opportunity to shamelessly eavesdrop on the conversations of your neighbors because they are sin such close proximity to you.
Okay I'm really not biased because I lived across the street from this place and the staff became my best friends my last two weeks in San Francisco. Finally (as soon as I move of course) a great restaurant has moved into the neighborhood. Frances is a very quaint yet bustling place. They don't take parties of more than six. It's more of a date/meet your friend for dinner, show up for a night cap after the crowds have left and harass the staff kind of place. Their menu changes daily (slightly) and it's damn tasty. Simple, yet elegant California cuisine. They don't have spirits, but they do have more to offer than wine and beer. The daily market shot is worth trying and for $3 why not?! If you're in the mood for wine they have a great selection and you're only charged for what you drink. Melissa, Melissa's Dad, Ben, Paul, Patrick, Joe, Bobby, Sarah and everyone else you rock! Can't wait to come visit next time I'm in town!
I'm trying to decide just how much I like Frances - I want to come back, but I'm not going to run over old ladies to do so. Fortunately, there aren't really any places I would run over old ladies to visit, though they would get 5 stars.The food is very well executed, and everything I tried (about 5 different bits) were very good. Everyone in the group was happy with their dishes. There was much sharing and passing around, a good sign.The wine list is varied in styles and prices, so should be able to meet any taste and price range, and if one were so inclined, I think you can have a great time with a glass of wine or two and a few apps at the bar counter (if you can find space).All in all, this is a great spot - if I lived closer, I'd be here at least once a week.
Very good Frenchy food, charming atmosphere, friendly service. Yes!
I so wanted to love this restaurant. I have more than a few friends in the neighborhood who like going there. It's impossible to get reservations, so each of the three times I've gone there, I had to arrive a few minutes before opening at 5:00 to grab a bar seat.Was it worth it? No. Except for one dish--a really wonderful, smoky chicken liver mousse served with toast and jam--the food didn't hit the pleasure spot. Preparations were mundane and uncreative. Everyone raves about the smoked applewood bacon beignets, but they tasted neither smoky nor bacon-y... just lumps of fried dough.The portions are miniscule too. That's perfectly fine when you're eating at a place like French Laundry, where each course really is a work of art. Here, it just puts you in a bad mood.And a word about the crowds: they're insane. If you happen to be a child, you might, just might, have a chance at fitting into the space allotted to the bar stools. If not, the elbows of both your neighbors are going to be covering half your plate each. Careful where you plunge your fork! If the prices were a bit lower, the portions a bit larger, and the crowds a lot thinner, Frances would be a decent around-the-corner neighborhood restaurant to go for dinner on a whim. Otherwise, it's just a nuisance, and its ridiculous popularity is the sort of thing that makes people from San Francisco seem like provincial hicks compared to people from New York, London, Paris, even Los Angeles and Chicago.
Two words: BACON BEIGNETS!!!!! Sigh. Two well-loved foods...in one! Pure genius.The duck gnocchi is quite good but surprisingly the best dish hands down was the chicken entree. It's like rediscovering an old boyfriend that you'd given up on.
I've eaten here twice in the last two weeks and have to say the food and ambiance is excellent, maybe better than excellent. the chick pea fritters and the albondigas as starters are out of this world. I had a chickory salad last night and it was so beautiful, you could frame a photo of it. the slow cooked beef with pureed potatoes is so good, no one could do it better. The feeling of the decor is clean, classic, and comfortable...not trying to be more than it is. It is really about the food.The two negatives (maybe 3) are that the tables are too close together, the wait can be long (both times I had a reservation and was seated half hour later) and some of the staf have a bit of attitude...just a bit. Oh, one mor positive...it has a VERY attractive bathroom.
Wow! This was just fantastic all around. The chestnut soup should be illegal. Everything was so wonderful.... Hot spiced (spiked) cider, bacon beignets, everything was top notch. Perfection.
High quality creative dishes. The drinks are really good as well. Good service. I think my favorite part of my dining "experience" at Frances was the HOT salted rosemary flash fried Almonds brought to your table while you wait for your food. House wine is good and reasonably priced. The cocktails are fresh, innovative, and dangerously tasty.In the mood for an amuse bouche? How about bacon beignets with a maple-chive crem friache? Appetizer: goose liver mousse with a balsamic reduction on crostini. Main dish: guinea hen with peaches potatoes and other amazing ingredients that melted together in my mouth in perfect harmony. ...I'm tellin ya.. The food is good!
This place is so GOOD!!! I loved it and I can't wait to go back again and enjoy the yummy food I had. I was up in Northern California visiting a friend and we drove to San Francisco for the day to tool around. Frances was recommended by another friend who lives locally and said I would really enjoy it. And enjoy it I did! We didn't have reservations but the gal on the phone said to come right when they open (5pm) and we could sit at the bar, which is what we did. I ordered a nice glass of Reisling, smartly recommended by our knowledgable and friendly waiter. I had two glasses. We ordered the beignets to start, I also ordered the fried green tomatoes as a side dish and the steak with the butter bean ragout and pesto for my entree. Let me tell ya, it was DEEE-LISHHHH. So good. I practically licked the plate. My friend who's a vegitarian ordered the summer bean cassoulet and it was freakin' awesome too. I think she did lick her plate. The best part was dessert. We wanted two Lumberjack cakes, one for each of us, but the waiter said, "Are you sure? It's good to split" So we did. And we devoured it. Then we ordered another. I loved the look on his face. The service was excellent and the food was even better. The place was packed by 6pm so you know this place is the BOMBI highly recommend this place! The food is locally grown and the menu changes to reflect whats in season.
I ate at Frances last night after quite a wait. Congratulations to them on the success and being booked for 2 months!First thing I noticed was their exceptional taste in music; Zero 7, Broken Bells, and RODRIGUEZ! Are you KIDDING ME? RODRIGUEZ?! Very, Very good.The food was super yum. The Gnocchi and the Hen were by far the standout dishes, definitely try one of them when you go there.Thanks to our server, our delicious food was complimented by fantastic service. Everything had a quiet confidence to it, while remaining slightly casual...just my style. BOBI was our server, THANK YOU Bobi!Oh and thanks to the GM, who's name I wish I could remember. He was nice enough to pour my partner and I a glass of bubbly while we waited for a table to open up. Very very good indeed. Yay for awesome restaurants and a smiling staff.I was totally in love with the Haut Chenin Blanc, Le Mont Demi-Sec off of their spunky wine list.
What a wonderful addition to the hood. A solid 4 1/2 startsThis is definitely a must visit restaurant in the city.The host was a delight and the food was scrumptious. We were an early walk in and sat at the bar. We had:Semolina gnocchi with duck confit: very good and quite filling ( not sure if I would order next time). The meatballs: a must order the sauce alone is divineSoul food chicken: Oh my god I think I ate my days calories with this one, worth every sinful biteLumberjack cake: just do yourself a favor and get it. My man who is not a desert fan loved every yummy morsel.The house wine $1 per ounce is reason to visit alone, a lovely red wine for a bargain.I'm so happy Frances has moved in. We love you!
Oh, yes.The front of the house presence and service was great. It's always nice to hear over and over from the staff about which items on the menu they all love to munch on back in the kitchen during service and after. They all represent the menu and Melissa really well and love what they are offering. The food was amazing with great pacing throughout. Even the coffee service was a nice change. Try the amuses for sure, especially the bacon beignets. We asked if they offered them with powdered sugar! They definitely should serve it with sugar - you know round out the menu by bringing it back for dessert. Be nice to the front end manager and maybe he'll bring you two covered with sugar right before dessert is served :)
I was there yesterday dinning with a dear friend. I have been wanting to dine at Frances, as it was recommended by my other friends. Honestly speaking, the experience there was just average.The wait time between appetizer and entree was way too long, about 30 minutes. Bread is by request only.....lol.  Then the wait time between the entree and dessert is another 20 minutes. This also happened to other tables. It seemed like the kitchen was having difficult time to serve food on time though this is a very small restaurant.The food there was very fresh, however, the execution was just average. We ordered grilled calamari, corn soup, salad and steak. They were all average in taste and execution. Nothing was really outstanding. The desserts were so-so that i could care less.
We had a very nice meal tonight when many were celebrating the prop 8 decision. Just random luck that we had a long standing reservation for tonight.We tried the bacon bignets, chickpea fritters, calamari, corn soup, crab salad, lamb and hen, along with the pound cake and pot de creme desserts. I thought everything that I tasted was wonderful. My favorites were the chickpea fritters, corn soup, lamb and the pot de creme.Another reviewer described the service as "everything had a quiet confidence to it, while remaining slightly casual." I must concur with this. Utensils were placed, food served, water filler, most times without really noticing the staff. I also noticed that 3 or 4 people said thank you as our party left.
Frances is not only an amazing restaurant but it may be my lucky restaurant. Because the seasonal menu with fresh ingredients and because of the raving reviews, my fiancee took me here after three grueling days of taking the California Bar. The neighborhood ambiance, pleasant service and out of this world food made me forget the fatigue I felt after the bar (believe me, i wanted to curl up and hibernate for one week). Well three months later, I passed the bar! I will be returning to Frances on a regular basis and I will look back fondly on how maybe that dinner may have given me some luck.
I know its hard to get in, heck the place is booked two months solid, but when you get lucky enough to catch a cancellation, definitely worth the effort to call in and check. Places that have such long wait list most often have attitude, but the host and the staff of this place are the sweetest people which makes the dining experience quite relaxed and unpretentious, the staff really try to be accommodating. :o) The food is lovely, warms the spirit is the best way i can put it. I am really looking forward to being able to get in on a rainy San Francisco winter night. I tried the apple smoked bacon beignets w creme fraiche, so sinfully good!. The most memorable item was the roasted red kuri squash Soup w chipotle chili, the squash brought a sweetness that was offset by the tangy creme fraiche and the chipotle rounded up to a warm finish, DELISH!.  i also tried the saffron Risotto with braised mushrooms, it was delightful, creamy and light. Food is 4.5 stars, Service 4, the two month wait to get in a 3.5. So yeah solid 4, definitely worth trying.
Wow, what a great meal topped off with exceptional service! As soon as we walked in, we were greeted by the friendly staff. Despite being so busy, I completely felt welcomed and everyone took the time to greet us us and have a friendly chat..what a difference great service makes!As for the food, we started with the grilled calamari and crab salad. Delicious! My favorite was the calamari, which was grilled perfectly that it enhanced the sweetness of the squid. For my entree, I had an amazing steak. Did I say Amazing?! I practically licked the plate clean, it was so good. We can't wait for our next dinner there!
I have been watching the progress of this new neighborhood restaurant with interest and was surprised to find they were taking walk-ins for their "soft opening" so I said..why not?? I absolutely loved the almonds that were offered by a cheerful member of the service staff at the beginning of the meal. I started with the Chestnut soup with the Roasted Cipollini and pancetta. The soup was "bowl lickin" good, but sadly it didn't have the strong chestnut flavor I was expecting. The Chicken with Chanterelles, Fennel and Nectarine Agrodolce was succulent and full of flavor. The rolled, boneless breast looked like a very time consuming prep job, but I am glad someone went to the trouble, the crisp coating of [skin?]seemed almost Tempura like and I savored every bite. I had a lovely glass of Muscadet with the soup and a somewhat cloudy glass of Brouilly with the chicken. Both wines were at perfect temperature and poured at the table[as they should be]and reasonably priced. I did think that the pours were a tad bit restrained which bordered on stingy. The highlight of the evening was the Chocolate Ganache Torte which I would be willing to wait in line for if they sold it on the street! It was perfection!! I savored every bite and the glass of Banyuls was the perfect accompaniment. The only real disappointment of the dinner was the Espresso that was so bitter it bordered on rancid. It could be that the staff still hasn't worked out the kinks in their new Espresso machine or the grind may still need to be adjusted, but it was hands down awful. That will have to be corrected for the coffee loving San Franciscans. The restaurant design is interesting, however I could imagine the space approaching the restrooms could be a real noise magnet if a large boisterous group were parked there. The bathroom had rolled hand towels which were a very nice touch and I am sure that can be attributed to the hotel background of the chef. I will be curious to see if they will be able to maintain these amenities when the restaurant is in full operation. I wanted to love this restaurant and I really think it will be a "go to" place for people in the neighborhood as well as a destination spot for savvy San Franciscans, and as soon as the dust settles I will be back and will update this review. The Castro neighborhood really needs an intimate dining choice where people are serious about what they are doing and this could definitely be it. I'll keep my fingers crossed! There seemed to be an army of service staff and yet I didn't feel any sense of urgency in the way things were carried out; this is all a part of a new place though and I am sure they will polish every detail before the masses descend on this place as I am sure they will. Service was professional, affable and not overbearing...all good things in my book. I hope the next visit will have me adding two more stars to this review. Good Luck to all involved!
Oh, Frances. Frances, Frances, Frances. You are so beautiful, yet so flawed.You're an elegant looker, and you know it. Your white walls, gorgeous wood floors, sparkling glassware, and deftly-lit artwork are an understated feast for the eyes. You're a bit loud, but that's part of your charm. You're also extremely crowded and hard to get into -- two of your less-lovable traits.Sometimes, your beauty dazzles, and you knock it off the hook. Your Applewood smoked bacon beignets with maple crme frache and chive are as good as they sound. Your pannisse frites with Meyer lemon aioli, though, defy description. One is hard pressed to find the right words for how they delight the palette: the startling juxtaposition of both crispy and velvety smooth textures, the delicate flavor of the chickpeas, and the tangy, luxurious aioli. Hats off to you, girl. It's sheer perfection.Your dungeness crab salad with little gem lettuce, avocado vinaigrette and kumquats is chock full of tender crabmeat, but all that delicate seafood is perhaps a bit overpowered by the saltiness and tang of the vinaigrette? The tiny slices of kumquat do tame the saltiness a bit, but they don't help the crab -- or those little gems -- shine like they should. Your ricotta gnocchi are pillowy-soft and skillfully complemented in both texture and flavor by the garlicky breadcrumbs, but the English peas adorning the plate are a bit large and startchy. Better to leave them off than mar a dish with so much potential.Your smoked steelhead trout is a showstopper and is among the best seafood dishes I've had anywhere. The fish is meltingly tender, and the flavor play of the smoky fish, earthy fingerling potatoes, rich crme frache and pungent house-made grain mustard is stunningly good. As I write this, my mouth is watering, and my eyeballs are fluttering just a little.Your desserts don't disappoint either. Your bittersweet chocolate pot de crme with roasted bing cherries and Vino Visciole is so fabulous that after we tasted the first bite, we immediately ordered another one. Your almond and semolina crostata, too, is excellent, and the English thyme ice cream -- though not for everyone -- is an unusual, delicious touch.Your wine-based "Refreshers" are lovely as well. The Apples and Honey, in particular, is a pleasant surprise. The combination of cava, white wine, Bonny Doon Pommeau, and Martin Gold could easily be sweet and cloying, but instead, it's refreshingly dry and complex. And your Strawberry Fizz, though definitely on the sweeter side, really tastes like strawberries, which probably explains why there were glasses of it at every other table.You're a woman with a lot going for you, Frances, which is why I feel the need to now be brutally honest: though you're beautiful, your demeanor leaves much to be desired.Classy lady that you are, you really should know that it's not acceptable to seat guests almost a full half hour later than their specified reservation. You're quite a petite woman, which makes waiting so long among the crowd and din a bit unpleasant. Ettiquette also dictates that if you apologize for a seating delay and tell your guests that you will "take care of something on the bill", you follow through on your promise. Too, you need to pace yourself better. You disappeared for a good 45 minutes between our appetizers and entrees, and when you finally reappeared with our food, you didn't even apologize. I love a relaxed pace at dinner, but 3-1/2 hours for a three-course dinner? Really, you should know better, Frances. You're not cheap, and I expect more for my money.Now that I've been up front with you, I feel much better. Despite your shabby treatment of me, though, I'm still very much enamored with you, and I think I'll give you a second chance. What can I say? I'm just a sucker for a pretty face. But remember: your beauty will only get you so far.
I came here last Saturday night with a reservation that I made 2 months prior. I was so excited to finally try this place. Unfortunately, I was pretty underwhelmed. We showed up 10 minutes early and were seated right away. I liked the very simple and clean decor and the music is awesome and not too loud.  There's no bread unless you ask for it and instead they serve sauteed almonds to start. Here's what my fiance and I had: Bacon beignets: I love everything bacon and was so looking forward to these. However, they were pretty plain - just a piece of bacon inside fried bread. It sounds good, but it just wasn't anything special.Chickpea Fritters: We definitely should not have ordered these. Too much fried food to start off the meal.  The sauce this is served with is delicious, but the actual fritters were kind of bland. Chicken Liver Mousse: My fiance loved this. I thought it was pretty good, but I prefer just normal pate to mousse. This is worth getting, but I still was hoping for something more. The portion is pretty large and can be shared by several people. Ricotta gnocchi: This was the most disappointing part of the meal. Although the ricotta was clearly fresh and high quality, it was just so so bland, it tasted like nothing. I don't understand the raves about this dish at all. Watson Farm lamb: tasty and a large portion. Still nowhere near the best lamb I've ever had - a solid 3 starsSoul food Chicken: this was the best part of the meal. So so flavorful and cooked perfectly. The polenta was the perfect texture. Unfortunately, I was so full from everything that I couldn't eat anymore.  My fiance also agreed that this was the best part of the meal.My fiance who always finishes every meal with dessert was underwhelmed enough that he wanted to go somewhere else.  The wine deal is a real steal at a $1/ounce.  The waiter brought over a bleeker and then they measure how much you drink.  We ended up drinking 32 ounces....definitely much cheaper than ordering a bottle and we thought it was pretty good wine. We ordered way too much food. For two people I would recommend ordering one bouchee, one appetizer and two entrees.  The place reminds me of many of the restaurants in SF that everyone raves about - always a solid B+ but it would be nothing special in NYC.
Dined here last night and I automatically turned into a fan!! The ambiance, food, wine selection, and service was just phenomenal. Although there wasn't any reservation availability, we walked in and had about 30 minutes to wait for one of the hightop bar stools. It ended up being intimate and just perfect. I recommend the kale salad, beets, and vegetable casserole (gluten free)!! So, so amazing, you will not regret it!
This space is truly beautiful, and very San Francisco. I like to take my out of town guests here because I think the space and the food exemplify why I love living in California. The house wine is good, and priced by the ounce, which is nice.I wish there were slightly more vegetarian options since the menu changes frequently, so sometimes I come and there is very little I like. That said, it's generally delicious.
Awesome meal. Everything was perfect. Lots of pleasure. Great atmosphere.
My goodness! No fricking wonder it took me 3 months to get a reservation here! And no wonder the chef and restaurant have James Beard awards out the wazoo! What an amazing dinner!I received a gift certificate for Frances for my birthday last January. By the time I got around to trying to get in, it was hopeless. so I made the reservation for months later and forgot about it. As it turns out, my boyfriend and I came on a night that was squished between 2 great events worth celebrating. I had heard the hype and was trying very hard to not have high expectations. I needn't have worried, however, since any expectations that anyone could have are far exceeded. We started with the roasted beet salad for me and the grilled calamari salad for him. Both were absolutely delish. The bf thought his calamari salad was a bit oversalted, but I, who usually hates any salt, thought it was perfectly seasoned. And the squid was perfectly soft! We then moved on to the corn soup with prawns for me and the crab salad for him. I think the soup was actually a favorite dish historically. It was served with the prawns, corn kernels, and a heaping spoonful of creme fraiche in the bowl, then the server poured the most perfectly delicious corn soup over it and stirred. It was perfectly creamy without being too creamy, if you know what I mean. The crab salad was great, too, but that soup will stay in my memory for a while. We then moved on to crepe cannelloni for me and the steelhead trout for him. The crepes were filled with spinach, leeks, chanterelles, maitakes, another kind of mushroom I'm not sure of, and goat cheese. It was really simply amazing. Just amazing. Another dish that will stay in my memory for a while. The fish was also very good, but I was damn glad that I ordered the crepes. As if that wasn't enough (I was really, really stuffed by now), I had to get the chocolate pot de creme with roasted bing cherries. It also came with 2 small beautifully chocolaty cookies, which really would have been enough. Of course, I had to eat every last drop since it was so good, though. I think I literally waddled out of there.  Did I mention the Acme bread with salted butter? Or the almonds soaked in a perfect virgin olive oil?Finally, the service was impeccable. Our server was very gracious and very nice and very helpful, and there was always someone there to refill our water glasses when they got low. This place is definitely one of the best. I'll have to make reservations now to go back sometime in the fall!
With all of the accolades around Frances, I thought my expectations would be set too high and that I would be disappointed with an average meal. Could it really be that good? Heck Yah!!Panisse Fritters...moderate yum. Major yums: Duck Breast w/Butter Beans; Halibut w/Onion Risotto; Grilled Escarole & Radicchio. Every bite was sumptuous and cooked with care. The individual flavor components married so well together and could not have been better executed. And all the small details were covered, down to the warmed coffee cups that awaited our coffee with dessert.Can't wait to return!
Frances gets 3 stars because of their combination of cooking and price. If their prices were lower, they'd get 4 stars, but for what they charge, I expect real excellence. And that was not delivered.As a starter, I had the Panisse Frites, which were described as crisp chickpea fritters with meyer lemon aoli. Based on the description, I was expecting roughly-shaped fried cakes, probably with pieces of crushed chickpea in them, but these fritters are actually made of chickpea puree cut into rectangles about double or triple the width of a typical french fry. They were crisply fried and the first bite tasted delicious. Unfortunately, after a couple of bites they tasted too salty. The aoli had an ok flavor, but was quite thin -- more of a sauce than an a typical aoli. After finishing the appetizer, there was quite a long wait for the main course -- about 40 minutes. This is far too long to wait between courses. My main course was the Sonoma duck breast with butter bean ragout, sauteed escarole and cotechino sausage. The fat and skin of the duck was perfectly crisp and tasted delicious, but the duck breast itself was slightly gamey and was only warm, not hot. There was a very small amount of escarole (it was good and I wanted more). The butterbeans tasted delicious at first bite, but again were too salty afterwards. They were also a little undercooked which made them mealy. I thought the sausage pieces didn't really go with the rest of the dish and were unnecessary. Also a bit out of place was a layer of strong demi-glace smeared on the plate under everything. It was tangy and had a good flavor, but had been reduced to almost a paste, and had none of the sweetness which usually would be found in a sauce paired with duck. For dessert, I had the Lumberjack cake, which was the most successful presentation of the meal. It was a wonderful combination of light and gooey, fruit and caramel. The Humphrey Slocombe ice cream served with it complemented it beautifully. Frances is trying to serve top-level cuisine, but to get there they have to concentrate more on quality control. They need to make sure that every element of every dish is perfectly cooked, properly seasoned and not over-salted, and that everything is at the right temperature. And they have to do it quickly so that customers do not have long waits between courses. If they aren't able to get that right, they shouldn't be charging top-level prices.
Lucked out and got a same day reservation on a Sat (albeit late, 10pm, but having had a late lunch, this worked perfectly). Had been waiting to try Frances for a while, having eaten Melissa Perello's cooking first at Charles Nob Hill a long time ago.I'll just say this: if you have a roughly $50pp budget for 3 courses, not including beverages, there is no reason to go anywhere else. Every dish fantastic (six between the two of us). Wonderful flavor, super presentation, friendly service, with top quality fresh and tasty ingredients. Couldn't ask for more.
I heart Frances. My wife and I called on a whim around 9:30pm on a Tuesday and got a table right away. Given that we have been trolling for months on Opentable to get a reservation a month from now, we were a bit shocked at the quick seating. We had:Dungeness Crab Salad: the kumquats were great, and the crab meat fresh, a refreshing and execellent app.Ricotta Gnocchi: soft and delicious.Crepe Cannelloni: the mushrooms were sauteed perfectly, and the dish overall was quite savory.Watson Farm Spring Lamb: I had to stop after the first bite to pinch myself. This was excellent! Didn't have any of the earthiness one associates with lamb, and melted in my mouth. The bean were perfectly cooked and plated. Buttermilk Panna Cotta: this was also great. We had the house red, which was a good choice. Overall, we loved our food and experience. The staff were great and helpful. We would definitely go back, and will keep that reservation in a month to try some other dishes.
+: Great value for food, the chicken and fried chickpeas were exceptional. Strawberries in the dessert were to die for.-: Unfortunately the service and timing were sub-standard. Chalk this up to a one time event. Took months to get a 9:30p reservation, would have preferred earlier, but that was impossible (ok, not really the restaurant fault). However, too many people linger so we ended up seating at 10p. Apps came, but then 30 minutes passed before entrees. Until we mentioned something no status or apology given. Would have expected a comp or freebie, but that didn't happen either.Overall, seems like a great place with way too much demand for moderately priced well prepared french food.  Would like to go again but have to wait until the popularity of this places dies down.
A truly amazing meal, and, as I am apt to do, I ate and drank positively every morsel I could so as not to let the experience go to waste. So yeah, I was a total hedonist, and like a crazy food fetishist I had been waiting for our rezzie for a cool 4 months.We sat immediately down and ordered 36 ounces of their house red wine (actually surprisingly amazing for a house red). Looking around, we were definitely the youngest there by about 20 years, so I immediately felt special. Next to us, I noticed a woman who had written down every thought she had about each dish she and her companion tried--she was some kind f food critic or something. That's how heady the atmopshere at Frances was!So we started with the crab salad, which was cleverly disguised as a green salad with scrumptious lumps of fresh crab at the bottom. We also had the bacon beignets, little balls of savory supremacy. The maple yogurt dip they come with are almost better than the beignets themselves! Boyfriend ordered the Herb-Stuffed Guinea Hen with the chantrelles and polenta and corn. I ordered the Crepe Cannelloni with a side of roasted summer squash, butter beans, heirloom tomatoes and basil. My first thought was to order something meaty, but something about the cannelloni was calling to me. I knew it could still be delicate and rich despite the lack of meat. And was it ever! The melted leeks and spinach, meaty maitake mushrooms underneath and goat cheese all wrapped in the thin delicate, flaky dough was this amazing combination that I actually did not want to end. It looked small on the plate, but it was so unexpectedly, deceptively and perfectly filling. The roasted squash was hearty but bright and fresh. A perfect combination of in-season vegetables. Boyfriend's Guinea Hen, according to him, while delicious, wasn't quite enough to fill him up.Against his will, I ordered dessert, even though I knew I shouldn't because I was already so full. We ordered the olive oil pound cake and nectarine dessert, accompanied by Humphry Slocumbe vanilla ice cream. It was so rich and dreamy, I was not expecting any sort of olive oil pound cake to taste so fluffy! I was pleased as pie. I was so happy with our Frances experience, but we were so full when we got home, we fell asleep immediately :(. I was still full the next day too!
We didn't have any reservations so the only available seat was at the bar. Not the best place to go eat if you have to dine at the bar especially with a baby. We ordered the panisse frites, spinach salad, vegetarian style pasta, and the crepes. The chickpea was simple and delicious. My baby really liked the pasta so much so she ate most of it. Salad was bleh ( I am never eating salad at a fine dining ever again) and overpriced. The crepes were good but there was a whole lot of butter used. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive...Forgot to mention that the bread was really good!
There were some things that I absolutely loved about Frances - the panisse frites with their custard-like interior, the ricotta gnocchi with the perfect texture, and the buttermilk panna cotta, which is one of the best darn panna cottas I've ever had. And the house wine was really, really smooth, delicious and went well with pretty much every dish.Then there were the things that were just ... ok. The applewood smoked bacon beignets, the grilled calamari, the steelhead trout - unfortunately, these didn't make me say "wow" like the other dishes. With that said, I'd definitely go again and indulge in some of the dishes that I enjoyed, and try some of the other things off of the menu that I did not try the first time.
Very buzz-worthy based on the food alone...however the service put Frances over the top for me. This would have been a five star review save for one thing, well, two things.1. The tight seating - If I wanted to eat while sitting in the lap of a perfect stranger I would, well, shit, never mind, why on earth would I want to do that? Anytime I'm forced into a spot where the people's breath at the next table is a more prevalent smell than that coming from the food sitting in front of me we have a problem. This seating issue leads me to the second "thing" and that thing is...2. Noise. Granted it's a small space, and it's a given that a restaurant (especially in these dire, end-of-the-world, financial times...) will always want to maximize the space/profit equation, but damn! I mean, of course squeezing that many sheep into the chute is not only going to cause a cluster-fuck of terror, but also a symphony of cackling and screeching not heard since the San Francisco Symphony teamed up with Metallica in the late 1990's. The dinner din up in here felt like an easy 120 dB. It was like having a nice, quite meal inside a jet engine.Now, setting these two things aside, I have to say, the meal itself was purely perfect. The chestnut soup, divine. The slow roasted beef, sublime. The wine pairings with our desserts were spot on and the good humor of our server was much appreciated. I'll be back for sure, only next time I'm bringing earplugs...
Just lovely. Wonderful atmosphere, great service. Their wine by the ounce is delicious. The food was less mind-blowing than I had expected based on the reviews but honestly, we had such a good time at Frances that we'll go back regardless. If you're willing to eat late (we ate 10pm on a Sunday) you can skip the six week wait and probably get in for next week.
I expected to despise Frances b/c of all the hype and the fact that I made reservations back in May. After some deliberating, I gave Frances three stars instead of four because the Bouchees were such a let down. The bacon beignets failed to wow me - I wanted more bacon. The grilled calamari had a great texture but suffered from too much salt from the picholine olives. The Chicken Liver Mousse was responsible for one of the stars. Delicious, smooth, and rich, the mousse just melted in my mouth. Combined with roasted bing cherries - Wow. The ricotta gnocchi were good especially with the delicious sauce but I did think that Zuni's are better. The sides for the guinea hen outshone the protein. The polenta topped with fresh corn, wild mushrooms and peaches were the best thing on the plate. I could have just eaten just that. The guinea hen was de-boned and wrapped in its own skin which kept the meat moist. The lamb was cooked very rare which was perfect for me and served atop delicious thinly sliced summer squash. The crepe stuffed with lamb confit was so good it made me want to order the vege crepes next time. For dessert, the Humphry Slocumbe supplied brown butter English thyme ice cream stole the show. I wanted to eat an entire pint. The crostata on the side was completely overshadowed. Since, I'm no boozehound, the way they serve the house wine is perfect for me. A carafe is set down and you only pay for what you pour out of it - just like in Paris. Our server was super nice and the staff is very friendly and upbeat.
This place may finally break the curse of its corner location. There have been Hawaiian, Filipino, Italian and other restaurants at this location and none has lasted.With her reputation and experience at restaurants like Fifth Floor Melissa Perello has the ability to draw people to this hidden corner and the food is good enough to make people come back.There is a big caveat: this is not a place for a vegetarian or even a psecatarian. Dishes like the chestnut and fennel soup that seem vegetarian at first glance have chicken stock in them and come with crudo of lard. The only fish entree comes with chorizo sausage. They are willing to remove the meat portions when they can but it changes the taste and composition of the dish.That said the sole vegetarian entree that we had, lacinato kale and crepe cannelloni was wonderful, each bite burst with the rich flavour and texture of the mushroom, leek and kale filling and it swam in a shallow bath of butter.The roasted chestnut and fennel soup was amazing with fennel being prominent but not overpowering and the fat of the la Quercia Lardo ie. thin layers of seasoned lard on toasted bread adding a richness to a wonderful soup. The soup is large and quite filling.There are only four entrees and we tried the low roasted beef with creamed winter greens and potato puree. The puree was mashed potatoes and had almost no taste. The greens however were great and I could have had double the serving. The roast beef was super tender and moist but it could have used more seasoning and infusions. It was a very home style and comforting dishes and perfect on the day after Christmas.We were far too stuffed to try the dessert although they looked good with ice cream from Humphrey Slocombe that wonderfully pretentious but delicious ice cream maker. They also serve blue bottle coffee.The service was amazing worthy of Michelin restaurant. There was team of about six people for the small places and everyone had been trained in great table service.We managed to get the only non reserved table in the dining room on a Sunday night so reservations are recommended. The table are insanely close together and you can't get in or out without physically moving your table. Be prepared to hear the conversation at the tables next you. We had some sweet older gay boys next to us and ended up having a lovely conversation but this not a place with lots of elbow room or privacy.Price wise this is in the fancy date/upper middle class professional range with the entrees between 17-23 and the appetizers between 6-12.
Impeccable service, excellent food, charming atmosphere. I would give it five stars, but that means perfection in my book and I have yet to experience that anywhere. That being said, the wild mushroom risotto was divine, as was the heirloom tomato salad. Both highly recommended. Fabulous wine selection as well.Do yourself a favor and treat yourself- you'll be glad you did. Cheers.
Well after 3 years of trying to get a reservation I finallllly realized Frances has walk-in counter dining available. Therefore I have been twice in one month now! The staff is incredibly nice and accommodating for the guests without reservations. We were given accurate wait times, offered a wine/drink menu to get a drink while waiting. Food is comforting, exciting, and showcases the season perfectly. Although I am not a vegetarian, the vegetarian dishes are some of my favorites because vegetables are elevated to another level.The blended wine is always very drinkable. I wish they had a few more wines by the glass; I felt a little limited. I've enjoyed most of the wine ordered. Pinot Noirs have always been excellent. The Sangiovese was not my favorite though.Must start with the Chickpea Frites! Light at a cloud with a cornmeal textured crust. The beignets (which our neighboring table graciously shared with us!!) were amazing, but too filling and rich if you're going to be having a bunch of courses afterwards (probably why the neighbors shared them!). Tomato soup, calamari, baked eggplant and tomatoes, are all great simple starters. How can such these simple dishes be so amazing!?The vegetarian crepe crespelles are a very generous portion served with spring/summer ingredients. Quail was delicious- crispy with a light, salty broth underneath. Desserts are very comforting, and huge portions! Don't forget to split them unless you want to waddle home. I love the lumberjack cake. It's like Sticky Toffee Pudding! This is now my favorite quaint neighborhood restaurant with probably some of the best cooked food in the city. Unpretentious, simple, elegant food- say no more!
I moved from Seattle, where there is a slew of female run restaurants turning out sensuous food.My sig other and I visited Frances on the first week of opening....usually a time fraught with mistakes and stumbles, but Frances pushed through (aside from being a bit chilly;)Ordered the house wine in the graduated cylinder carafe and dove right into the menu. I am a lover of all things fried and the beignets with bacon were no different. Crispy and doughy, with a kiss of salt from the bacon....Great!I also adore french inspired chestnut soups so we ordered the "Frances" version.....creamy and silky with a balance of sour from the creme fraiche.My mind is failing me in my tender 26th year, but I recall a fish entree, wrapped in lardo....after my lardo pizza disaster at Beretta I was nervous, but as I hoped the lardo in this instance merely served to impart the perfect amount of fat to the fish, keeping it tender and moist. Bravo!Finished with the chocolate terrine and the only complaint is why there was not more.After one night at Frances, it already climbed and catapulted over many of my other SF "favs."France is making its way onto my ready rotation for dinners out, when I'm not cooking magic at home.
Ah, the hype... "Best New Restaurant Nominee 2010" from the James Beard Foundation. And the buzz! Our friend, Carl, introduce us to Frances and who also told us much of the menu changes daily. Would we get a good menu that day or a bad mix?Things didn't start off with a bang. We tried the Apple Smoked Bacon Beignets. Eh. Had better beignets and I LOVE bacon (read my "Ode to Bacon"), but this didn't stir my pot. The Maple Creme Fraiche & Chive dipping sauce was better than the actual beignets. Grilled Calamari with Warm Bean Salad, Preserved Lemon and Sicilian Olive? Eh. And I love grilled calamari. The starters were disappointing me for the hype. Decent at best.Next was the Ricotta Gnocchi with Green Garlic, Fava Bean and Morel Mushroom Ragout. Nibble, Bite... Chomp Chomp Chomp!  Are you kidding me? Is this the best gnocchi dish I've ever had? What is this incredible combination of savory flavors?"Honey, how is your White Corn Soup (w/ Sweet Red Onion, Dill & Creme Fraiche)?" (my wife is not a soup person)"It's REALLY GOOD.""Um, can I have a taste? Um, you can stop now... (share, please)"The White Corn Soup was incredible too.Then on to the main course. I had their Watson Farm Spring Lamb with Butter Beans and Articoke & Castelveltrano Olives. Wow, can you just serve a whole lamb for me? I never thought of lamb as I do with porterhouse steaks.My wife had their Crepe Cannelloni and didn't share this time, but I heard that was fantastic too. We ordered a side of their Polenta (w/ white corn & Bodega Chevre). Highly recommended. My wife doesn't even like Polenta and loved it.Their desserts were good. I thought their Bittersweet Chocolate Pot du Creme was very tasty and their Almond Semolina Crostata with "Early Treat' Golden Peaches and Vanilla Creme Fraiche was pretty good.Overall experience was awesome. I believe this is the third restaurant in the Bay Area I've given 5 stars to. I'll have to come back here again to see if they are consistent, but this was Carl's third time back and he said every time it's been excellent.
Waited 2 months (I think like everyone else) for a reservation on my girlfriend's birthday. I have to say, the food was pretty amazing, but the service was less than to be desired. The food we ate was delicious with a capital D - kudos to the chef. We had- the chickpea fritters (which is basically like deep friend hummus- yummy!), the heirloom tomato salad (so fresh and seasoned perfectly), the tuna entree (yummy cut of tuna served over Israeli couscous), and the risotto, which was buttery goodness. Our negatives: 1.) it was SO SO SO hot in the restaurant that we were very uncomfortable. We were even by the door but it was bad we couldn't hardly enjoy our food. Rarely do you have to complain about that on a SF night, but put in a fan or central air please! 2.) Our server sucked. He brought our wine (a french white), but never once came back to pour it- nor did he put it over ice and/or offer- and it got warm fast......I had to ask him for ice to put in my wine (faux pas but what can you do?) which took him about 10 mins to deliver and by then I was over it. He didn't check on us during our entree service, and after we finished our warm wine, he didn't even ask if we wanted something else. By the end of the meal, we were not in the mood for dessert, we just wanted to get out of there:( Basically, I am not sure I would be back......we'll see. Might want to just pop in and sit at the bar but doubt I will wait two months again for a table.
I thought the food was good and the service was good too. Not much to complain about here. We started with the grilled calamari which I thought was fresh and tasty. I had the steak which was cooked just right and really enjoyed the eggplant puree. I can't remember what my friend had but he also enjoyed the meal. They are also helpful when it comes to picking out wine (which be prepared to spend a little extra money on the wine if you choose to get a bottle). I thought all the bottles were a bit expensive however they will let you taste it first (and a few tastings) if they have it by the glass. I don't think I could afford to come here often but it was an fun place to visit!
Fabulous! Went here with a friend recently and was thoroughly impressed with the service and the food.  The space is quite small however it gives it a warm, lively ambiance. Highlights: - Semmolina gnocchi with duck confit. Do not miss this. - Yam frites.   - lacinito kale and crepe canneloni with mushrooms. Even my carnivore friend loved them - the house wine. good value for money. - the service. Our table wasn't ready when we arrived and I asked the waiter if we could have some bread while we waited. He brought us two bacon beignets instead!Room for improvement - cod with squash, brussels, and apple. the veggies were nice, the cod was cod. nothing special. I found myself longingly eyeing my neighbor's slow roasted beef. - noise. there's nothing to absorb the sound in this cozy place.Definitely one of the gems of the neighborhood.
I'm going to jump onto the bandwagon here. I was happy to get a reservation for the same week I looked - pleased as punch I arrived at 9:45 only to realize my reservation (via OpenTable) was a MONTH from that same day. The waitstaff there was extremely helpful and managed to seat us at the bar. The food was AMAZING. I was more into the first round apps (chickpea something, and the beignets with bacon) and the mains. The dungeness salad while good felt like something I'd had before. I kept my reservation from a month from the mistaken day and will be back, this time saving room for dessert.
I want the stars to go to 11. Frances was A-mazing. Some dishes were a bit better than others, but the good ones were just SO good the amount of impressed I have for that dinner is too big for putting into this little box. Everything was just divinely springy. Like they'd taken a jar out into a the country side, yammed it full of spring rains, daffodils, and the newly exposed flesh of Dolores Park. Ok, not really, but if you could literally eat Spring, this was it. I should have got our waiter's name, because he was fabulous and I'd love give him a shout out. But even if the blondish, beardy, blue-eyed guy from last night wasn't great, we were attended to in great spirits by several members of the staff. I loved it. If I hadn't made these reservations eons ago, I would definitely be going again very soon. But never fear. I will be back.
Delightful!! If you don't read another word of my musings, take that home with you.Out of the way and unpretentious, this tiny space heaps on one surprise after another in hospitality, comfort, & cuisine. From the moment we arrived until the waiter chased me 2 blocks down the street to return my forgotten hat, the service was nothing less than impeccable. While we had one waiter who was responsible for our table, every member of the staff stopped by at one point or another to make sure that we had everything we wanted exactly when we wanted it. The room was beautifully and simply appointed, highlighting the wine and architectural details of the space. My only complaint is that the tables are crowded together closely, so private conversation at most tables is not really possible. My husband and I enjoyed the beignets and calamari appetizers followed by the cod and slow roasted beef entrees. All were extremely well done, but the beignets stood out as the "never had them anywhere like this" favorite of the evening. Whatever you choose, don't miss those. The wine list seemed accessible and broad at first blush (pun intended). They serve a custom blend house wine for $1/oz. I couldn't resist trying the red and I enjoyed a glass of it. Its a bit bright and acidic to sip on through the whole meal, but it was completely fun and easy (not to mention reasonably priced) to start. I had their Cab by the glass with the beef which was also a nice choice. All of the foodies in this village know about Melissa Perello and her incredible career to date, so come check this place out before they start spilling over from Noe Valley, the Marina, and Pacific Heights. Remember that there is almost no parking in this quaint RESIDENTIAL block of the Castro, so the 1.5 block walk from the Castro Street Muni station is far easier on the environment and your nerves than navigating by car. The first time you come here you will feel like the ultimate insider who discovered some tiny gem in a dark corner of the City. Based on the service we received tonight, when you return a second time you will feel like Family.
Went on Sunday and had the best time. The food is great. I'm going again on thursday. It's nice to have a chic place to eat in the Castro.
I was excited to try this place out with all the good review, but unfortunately it was only in the middle. What can I say, the appetizers were amazing but the main dishes and dessert were a miss.Appetizers:- Bacon Beignets was not bad, but I'm not the right person to ask about Beignets because I see them as snobby, overpriced donut holes, and just not as good.- Grilled Calamari Salad was probably one of the best I ever had! The Calamari was grilled to perfection, not chewy at all and had great flavor. Probably my favorite part of the meal.- Baked Clams were delicious. Great texture and flavor!- Cured Tuna Salad was also really good. The Tuna is house cured and done well. They definitely know how to pick their tomatoes! I'm usually not a fan of raw tomatoes but I couldn't stop eating the ones inside this salad.Mains:- Steak it was chewy and the flavors were nothing special. The beans that it was served with was the best part.- Salmon well cooked but the flavors didn't really stand out either. The cornmeal it was served on top of was probably the highlight of this dish.Dessert:- Chocolate cake topped with Bing cherries and Vanilla ice cream. Chocolate cake was good, vanilla ice cream was regular ice cream. The Bing cherries is where they failed, they didn't have any flavor. I love cherries and these babies disappointed.- Peaches and cream was nothing special.To sum it up, the service is great, I like how they serve wine by the ounces and have a special shot that changes all the time. Appetizers are excellent! Pass on the Mains and Dessert to come out a winner.
We enjoyed this place, especially the food, which is all prepared with an incredible amount of care and skill... but it is too crowded and noisy for us. The tables are very small, the chairs are uncomfortable and you are crammed together. We were lucky to get a reservation for their opening time of 5:30, so it wasn't too bad for us. We are both pretty quiet people, so if you are a loud talker and enjoy rubbing elbows with strangers, then you will enjoy Frances more than we did. I liked the house wine by the ounce, which saved us a lot on our final bill. One of the waiters was a unfriendly at first, then once people started filling up the place, he suddenly became much nicer. It was a strange experience, but it was something that we both will never forget... funny how that works?!
This place is amazing. The food is incredible, with rich textures and varied tastes to suit everyone. Four of us diners had several of the appetizers and two different entrees, and one dessert. The Bacon Beignets were out of this world. Dipped in the chive creme fresh, the taste was very much like a fluffy baked potato. The gnocchi with duck comfit was by far the best "first bite" each of us had - the greens, duck, and fluffy gnocchi were a symphony. The crab salad was probably the most disappointing flavor-wise but it was okay. In the middle was the chicken liver mousse. The grilled bread had a smoky flavor that imparted the fluffy mousse with richness. Amazing. We had the slow-roasted beef and the chicken with savory bread pudding. Both were equally fantastic. I hate greens and I ate every single piece on my plate - they were THAT good. The beef was melt-in-your-mouth good, no need for knives with that yummy meat. My friend had the chicken, which was juicy, flavorful, and delish! The bread pudding reminded me of crunchy, stuffing. YUM! One of our crew had the hot buttered Madeira which was simply genius. We shared our personal wine (brought from home, $15 corkage fee) with Paul, the sommelier, and he told us what was in the Madeira - not on anyone's diet for sure but totally amazing. I shared the buttermilk panna cotta with shortbread cookies. The citrus topping was a little TOO much - literally, there was probably too much of it. A little less and the sweetness would not have overpowered the rich creaminess of the buttermilk - which was a dream. The cookies were a nice, light (although again, a little too sweet) touch to the overall flavor. On the down side, the place is crowded and reservations are recommended. However, I had no problem making them the day of our dinner, for 7pm on a Saturday. The walkways are narrow and people are constantly pushing past each other, including the waiters. The parking is, as always in the Castro, a pain in the butt but it's worth the search for a place to park just to get here. Really. However, the food outshone all those issues and gave our dinner party much to talk about all the way home. I'd highly recommend Francis - it IS a gem!
One of the best meals I've had in a long time. Everything was amazingly fresh and flavorful, simple, delicate and elegantly seasoned. Although the entrees were good, the appetizers stole the show (we shared one of everything). The beignets were liked but lots of other "simple" dishes - the beet salad, challah, squash - really impressed as well. And I love the wine by ounce concept - both the house white and red were surprisingly(?) drinkable.All in all, wonderful service, delicious food, a great experience. Now, time to book my next reservation for months from now ...
Albondigas...fun to say and better to eat; especially when done as well as they were at Frances. As fans of Melissa and her staff, my gf and I were excited to try her permanent new spot. Along with the albondigas, the chicories salad was unique and tasty - a combination of in-season persimmons, almonds, and tangy pecorino. Ingredients were local and superbly-prepared. Though done well, my gripe is that the menu was limited, particularly the entrees. The chicken entree was good and simple, but was still chicken. My gf had the crusted cod and though good, I thought it a bit bland.If possible, I would give Frances 3.5 stars- definitely a restaurant worth trying and likely to improve as the menu grows and catches up with Melissa's culinary skills. The waitstaff and sommelier were fantastic. Tables are tight and expect to make friends with your neighbors; don't plan on having a private conversation...
We've been here a few times - opening night, x-mas eve dinner with the family, as well as a couple of times with just the two of us, and every time it has been fantastic.I recommend everything.[Updated below!]Before Frances opened, the Chef Melissa Perello had a series of Monday night dinners at Sebo in Hayes Valley. I assume this was her way to test her menu and get the wait staff warmed up (of which appear to be many of the staff at Frances). Every time we went it was a fantastic experience (I think we went 3 times total). My favorite dishes were usually the braised beef: She has a way of making it so perfect and juicy and tender, and whenever it's on the menu at Frances I ordered it was not disappointed at all.The house wine is also awesome, and is a really good deal as well, so try that if you get a chance (they sell out of it at times!).
FINALLY had dinner here last night and it was exceptional! Didn't have reservations so showed up at 5:30 and there were a few bar seats available so we sat there! :) The seats filled up quickly (by 5:50pm) and didn't open back up until after 7pm. I noticed a few folks dining solo- great spot for this!We ordered the Frances Red Wine, which is a red wine blend, which they charge $1/ounce that you drink (they have marking spots). Pretty cool and the wine was good! I think the first time I experienced this was in my trip to Sydney/New Zealand. We took our time and ordering and the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. Started with a delicious beet salad and panisse frites, both of which were divine. What a great start!!Then we shared an appetizer and entree as our main dish. This was the gnocchi- wow, MELT in your mouth amazing. So glad we had it! AND.. the lamb, which was creative and good, but my least favorite dish. We then finished off with pound cake, berries, and Humphrey's Slocombe ice cream; always a treat. I will definitely be back. We definitely didn't pig out or drink very much. With that said the bill for the two of us combined was $82, plus an $18 tip= $100. WOWZERS! you really cannot beat that. Amazing value, terrific food, and wonderful service!Look forward to coming back. :)
Love it!Went to the opening night with my wife and we split two small plates, one entree, and a desert.The wine selection is pretty long (I love how the wines are categorize). The beer selection wasn't extensive but they had a great Belgian golden ale that I really enjoyed.Service was a bit over-attentive due to the fact that they had doubled up on staff for opening night, but that's not really a bad thing.The space is really nice and cozy, I can imagine spending cold Sunday nights here with a big plate of slow cooked beef and potatoes.I'll definitely be returning!
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco, hands down! The food and service are both phenomenal and worthy of praise! I go there with my husband maybe every couple of months and it would definitely be more if I could remember to book a reservation that far out. As other people have mentioned, the place is teeny tiny and difficult to procure a table (especially one that is after 6 PM and before 9 PM). There have been plenty of accolades for the bacon beignets, which are indeed amazing and if you haven't dined at Frances before are a must have. But we find ourselves increasingly drawn to the pasta specials which are so over the top my husband sometimes gets a double order for dinner (and this is after we've already had it as an app!). The menu changes frequently but recently the spugnole pasta with porcini mushrooms and peas was perfect. As were the baked cherrystone clams with bacon cream (!) and corn.Beyond the food, the service is top notch. The staff work very well as a team and you can count on them to ensure you have everything you need before you even ask (water, bread, napkins, etc.). Our favorite server, Graham, is always friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable (and funny!). A server with a bad attitude can ruin your meal, but fortunately, we have never experienced that at Frances. Looking forward to eating there tomorrow night and hopefully having Graham as our server!
Wow, Frances was really good and had great service. We didn't have a reservation so we had to wait a while, but they served us wine outside. Everything was good, but the Sonoma Duck Breast was out of this world.
If you want a fine dining with Lovely atmosphere, delicious food, and great service, this is where you are should go.
Though I still miss the Hawaiian food that used to be served at Tita's in this same space years ago, I was lured back to this new neighborhood restaurant by all the good buzz and reviews here. The new owners have really transformed the space and have made the best out of a very narrow dining area.We started with beignets - which were tasty, but not memorable. The chestnut soup was tasty - with the sweetness of the cipollini onions blending well with the savory broth. Gnocchi with duck confit were perfectly chewy, but I wish there were more than 7 small morsels.Stuffed chicken medallions were succulent and juicy but my boyfriend commented that he felt he had cooked almost the same thing at home. The cod was overcooked and lacked flavor, despite the lardo wrap. It was also served lukewarm - it was a full house and I would guess that the servers/kitchen are still finding their rhythm.All in all, a pretty good experience, but for $106, incl. tax, tip and 12oz of house wine (at $1/oz), I expected a bit more.
The anticipation as building for my hubby and my early Valentine's Din Din at Frances. After all, there were no reservations nowhere near Valentine's Day. So I surprised my husband with an email with the reservation. When we walk in, we are greeted by (I think, the owner). He was polite and asked us for our coats. I shook off the feeling that the niceties did not feel extremely warm. He offers us our choice between two tables, which was again, nice. Our waiter came by to ask us for our order, and we had several questions, which he answered. We ended up getting: Bacon beignets, crab risotto, crepelle, cauliflower, and mandarin orange shot. Bottom line is: I was just hoping, praying that the food would get better. I wanted to like it so badly. The acme bread was cut into pieces. Despite, the waitress asking if you'd like an end piece or a middle piece, there was nothing special about the bread. I have had acme bread in grilled cheeses and stand-alone. Trust me, it is better warm. We started out with the bacon beignets. I was already not happy when they came out b/c the couple next to us got 3 dishes (including a steak) before we got 1 dish! The beignets were not beignets, they are hushpuppies with bacon..tasting of dry cornmeal with hints of bacon, and is improved upon slightly with the sauce that is served with it. Next, the crab risotto, which extremely "fishy" tasting. The crepelle and the mandarin orange shot were the only good things about the dinner. We ended with the cauliflower which was heavily sprinkled with seasoning. The waiter approached us and asked, "How was everything?" My inclination is always to be polite. However, I just gave a half-smile. My husband (his rationale seems reasonable: If people ask that, they should expect honest feedback) hesitantly stated, "eehhh, It was okay." The waiter: ehhh okay? What didn't you like, the cauliflower? Husband: "We only liked the crepelle." The waiter walked away and flopped down dessert menus. When he returned with the check, he stated, "Sorry you didn't like it " and charge us only for the crepelle and shot. At the end of the day: I appreciate the customer service.
My first visit to Frances (9/10) has me checking for cancellations twice daily now. Seriously.Fresh, vibrant, local.These are the words that come to mind immediately when I think of Chef Mel's menu. I love her use of local products and her ability to create great food, and top notch service while having the feel of a neighborhood restaurant.Although the space is relatively small, with tables very close to one another, the room has a very comforting feel to it. We were seated promptly on a Friday night, with was a pleasant surprise.Our server (missed his name) was great. He allowed us plenty of time to make our choices, and answered all questions, as if he was well prepared and knowledgeable on the menu. We decided on the wine for the evening, the house wine... by the inch! What a great idea, and the wine was great - 5 stars!We started with the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets and the Chickpea Fritters. I enjoyed the fritters, a bit heavy, yet very tasty - 5 stars. The beignets were good, however not amazing - 4 stars.Next up were the Chicken Moose Liver and the Heirloom Tomato Salad. The chicken moose liver was perhaps the best I've ever had (even better than Balthazar). Chef Mel's addition of roasted bing cherries was a great move, and took the dish to the top - 5 stars. The salad was good, as how couldn't it be with fresh heirloom tomatoes - 4 stars.The Soul Food Farm Chicken and the Saffron Risotto were our mains. Sad to say, they were a letdown. The risotto was a bit overseasoned, too much salt - 3.5 stars. The chicken dish, with polenta, chanterelles, corn and golden peach were a perfect combination, however the chicken was unexciting and a bit bland - 3 stars.Dessert was a tough decision, as Humphry Slocombe is an option, however very glad we went with the Panna Cotta! It was sooooo good - 5 stars.We had an amazing time, and Frances and Chef Mel are deserving of all their accolades - Best New Resto by Bon Appetit, and Mel a James Beard Semifinalist. The entrees were what kept this from a 5 star review... However, will be back and gladly give Frances another try!
I am admittedly picky.  I received a really nice gift certificate for Christmas and tried a few times to make reservations, but couldn't find any times when I could go. I finally found a time that would work for us and it is TOTALLY WORTH THE WAIT.Firstly, I love how intimate this place is. Secondly, this place sells wine by the ounce, which is awesome! Finally, every single thing we had was spectacular. That was the best 2 1/2 hours I have spent in a restaurant in ages. I am gluten free so my friend had her Beignets which she raved about. I had my own White Corn soup and I savored every bite. We then shared the dates ap and beets side dish. Then split the salmon entree. All was wonderful.  Our server catered to my gluten free ways and suggested a ice cream with caramel for dessert.  Yum yum and double yum. I understand now why this place gets the best restaurant awards. I get it and I concur.I will go back as soon as I can figure out how to get in there again.
First time diner at Frances. Here are my thoughts: Reservations: We didn't have any and its really hard to get reservations for BF and I decided to walk in. There are 10 seats at the bar where a full dinner is served. Party size of 2-3 is optimal for bar seating. Walked in at 7:30 and were seated in 15 minutes so not bad. Staff was very courteous the entire we were waiting. Ambiance: Restaurant is small, less than 50 diners, but has a very intimate and inviting atmosphere. Not a place for huge groups but great for dates and catching up with friends. Wine List: Skipped cocktails and ordered a bottle of wine. Ordered the Anoro Malbec 2008 which was delicious but is a big bold red wine and may not be suitable for everyone. If you get, please ask for it to be decanted because it opens up beautifully (Joe was very nice about indulging my decanting request). Frances also serves house wine in carafes and you basically pay by the ounce which is excellent if you don't think you can finish an entire bottle. Wine list is mix of French, Italian and Californian with some really nice offerings. Recommendation: research wines online to avoid paying huge markup. Food: In one word: outstanding. We tried 2 bouchees - the bacon beignets (****) and chickpea fritters (***). The bacon beignets had a hint of bacon and then need to be dipped in a chive aioli. The chickpea fritters are tasty but not outstanding though I had never tried chickpeas prepared like that before. We tried the Chicken Liver Mousse for an appetizer and it was amazing (*****). The mousse was soft and delectable and tasted great with the lightly toasted bread. For entrees, we had the lamb (****) and the saffron risotto (*****). The lamb was good, no complaints, but I have lamb prepared similarly at other places. I cannot sing enough praises on the risotto - the flavors combined with the explosion of the tomatoes was an exquisite combination. Must try! Dessert: BF and I were super full but I had to make space for the Humphrey Slocombe ice cream. I had the English Thyme (****), BF tried the Fudge Sorbet(***) which tasted like a nice chocolate sorbet. The English Thyme was superb though - nice vanilla creamy start and great thymey finish. $$ - Bill was $140 with tip and tax which is just about right for a four course meal and a bottle of wine. Highly recommend for date nights, birthdays with small groups or catching up with 4-5 friends.
Frances has the rare combination of high quality food, interesting flavors and an amazing staff. The bartender was so friendly and even joined in our conversation about the best donut places and told us about a small place outside of San Fran. So friendly. Felt like I was a local. I went here with two of my friends and was able to get a seats at the small bar. I had: - Bacon BeignetsAbsolutely amazing. The perfect texture. . . crisp outside and soft inside. The lightly smokey taste and the maple chive creme freche complimented each other perfectly.  - Panisse FritesAnother highlight. I don't know how they did it, but a crisp outside and a soft creamy inside. Tasted like hummus fries. The Moroccan spiced yogurt made it even better. - Bavette SteakReally well executed and delicious steak. - Lumberjack CakePossibly the highlight of the night. I'm starting to put two and two together. This place does interesting texture well. The best dishes had the great combo of crispy outside and soft inside and this was no different. The Maple Walnut ice cream made it even better. Final RatingThis a place that I'd make a necessary stop any time I'm in San Francisco. Worth building an entire night around just to eat here.
Still love this restaurant a year later and it's probably going to be on my list of restaurants to keep coming back to. We learned from the year prior that the best way to experience the food is to order mostly bouchees and appetizers and to share an entree between two people. This year, we ordered two bouchees and two appetizers and shared the duck entree with cornbread as a side. Everything was amazing! Stand outs that I hope to keep coming back for and will order again from the menu: squid ink pasta appetizer and duck with figs entree. Honestly, we were comfortably full after the appetizers and didn't think we would enjoy the duck because we were so full, but the duck was so flavorful it was hard not to finish the plate. Memorable meal, good ambiance. Can't wait to come back.
I'm happy I got to check Frances out early in the game because I think that it will only get better from here. We arrived about 15 mins early, grabbed a couple glasses of wine and were seated promptly at our reservation time. The host was extremely welcoming and warm - I was a big fan of him. Another thumbs up has to be given for Jim, who helped us with our wine selection (he steered us away from a too-sweet bottle that I almost ordered so thank you, Jim!) He very well might have been my favorite part of the evening. He was friendly and approachable - which is a nice change compared to a lot of other dining experiences when wine is a point of discussion. Albondigas were pretty good - 4 came in a bouchee order so we each had 2, which I thought was just fine. I think my favorite part of them might have been the salsa verde though. I would've liked a dish of that for dipping my bread. Speaking of bread, they serve Acme and it's slightly warmed when you receive it. My only complaint is that it's rather fussy the way they serve it. Someone comes around with the bread sliced on a tray and they give you one slice with some tongs. Why can't they just give you a little basket with 2 slices per person? For my entree I had the slow roasted beef and I'm really glad I went with that. The dish was hearty and just perfect for the freezing cold, rainy weather. I particularly liked the creamed greens (I think it was mostly kale). The potatoes were also perfectly creamy and buttery. All in all, it was a spot-on feel-good dish.The bean ragout I got on the side was fine, nothing to write home about. My friend's lardo wrapped cod was good, but nowhere near as good as the beef in my opinion. Our server was a little flighty but I let it go because I enjoyed the overall experience since Jim and the host were so nice. I was trying to explain to our server that I had originally wanted to order a bottle of wine but that we got 2 glasses and he was kind of rude about it. I think he pretended not to understand what I was talking about so he could brush me off. Lastly, our plates came out less than hot, which was the only slight food disappointment. The table next to us actually sent their plates back and we spoke to them about it briefly because we kind of wanted to do the same thing. Don't get me wrong - the food was good - it just would've been better if it wasn't served just barely warm. In fact, when we got our beans, some of them were almost cold until you gave the ragout a good stir. They're clearly still working out kinks but I think Frances is a great spot. The space is beautiful and inviting and I will definitely be back.
Beat my very high expectations!The frites were OK but after that the grilled corn was AMAZING! My steak entree was seasoned perfectly and was tender and medium meant medium NOT rare.Wish I had time for desert, but I'll be back. The waiter told me that they were taking reservations 60 days in advance. Guess I'll be back in a few months.The ONLY drawback was finding parking. The place was packed so it must not have been a problem for others.
I had the opportunity to dine at Frances' while visiting my bff in San Fransisco. Both my trip and dining experience was amaaaaazing! Excellent food, great service and loved the ambiance! Everything on the menu looked sooooo good, so we ordered one thing from each section and shared so we wouldn't miss out on all the YUMMM that called out to us! Loved everything...even the bread that we got upon request..so good! My faves were the bacon beignets, beet salad, grilled calamari, and the caramelized scallops. All with very interesting flavors, made it a very enjoyable meal. As stuffed as we both were we had to try a couple of heavenly looking desserts. One word...divine! We shared a chocolate cake pear concoction and this bread pudding type cake (can't remember the names) Both deeelish!! Frances met both of our expectations and then some! The food was super fresh and perfectly prepared. Can't wait to visit SF again and stop in for another great meal. Oh so gooood!
I would live here if I could.We had been trying to get reservations to this place since it opened. So we finally gave in and took a 9:30pm spot. Not my ideal time to dine, but after the experience, I'd go back anytime - day or night, even if I were on my death bed.The place is small and crowded, so be prepared for the noise and to be bumping elbows with the party next to you (unless you are fortunate enough to get one of the two, stand-alone wall tables - we were that fortunate).Atmosphere and space restrictions aside, what we all really want is great service and awesome food. Both were incredible. Our wait people, including the manager, bent over backwards; and the menu was perfect. There wasn't anything on the menu that I did not want to try, so making a choice was difficult. My absolute best decision was the small bacon beingets with creme fraiche. It sounds like it could be awful, but it was beyond heaven. I can't stop thinking about those things. I should have just had about 10-orders. The calamari appetizer was delicious also, as were our entrees and desserts. They were actually all perfectly done. But those beignets - ahhhhhh - I want more. And I thought the shrimp ones at Brenda's were the best.All I can ad, is this is probably the best dining experience I've had in San Francisco.
Beautiful execution, excellent service and delicious food. It's worth the 2-month wait.Menu is nice and short so it provides you a perfect opportunity to order everything that's on the menu. I sure did! Starter I had the bacon beignets (delious), chic pea fritters (delicate & tasty), gnocchi (rich in taste but light in your mouth). Our waiter gave us some lavender & thyme roasted almonds which was soSoSO good. Entree we had the steak, black cod, saffron risotto and farm raised chicken - all very very very good. Dessert we had the lunberjack cake & the quince upside down cake - both delious & decadent. Of course, end with a cup of blue bottle coffee. Gosh, what a great meal... Mmm...Yelpers, go! Make the reservation. 2-month wait is worth it 100%.
Here's what we ate:Chickpea Fritters: They look like innocent and unremarkable mozerella sticks but this was by far my favorite thing here. The chick peas are gound up into this smooth paste and the interior of the stick was absolutely creamy. I will go back just to eat these. I would not have guessed this would be the most delicious thing on the menu.Bacon Beignets: Exactly as described. Little balls of fried dough with bacon bits in it. I liked it. How can you go wrong with "fried" and bacon? Good but not a show stopper.Warm grilled calamari with big white beans and some sort of greens: I love grilled calamari so I loved this. Beet salad: I love beets so this was a winner for me too. Grilled corn: We loved this corn. On the cob, cut into little chunks with some delicious sauce. I'm sorry this isn't so descriptive but we were shoving the food down like wild animals because we had waited so long for a table. For entrees, I had the chicken (about four pieces) shaped into little medallions on a bed of polenta with bits of real corn in it. I don't usually order chicken but I ordered this because of the sides and it was mighty tasty (for chicken). My friends both had lamb and it was beautifully cooked, beautiful to look at, and they both loved it. I tasted it and thought it was delicious and I'm not such a lamb fan. This would be one of those neighborhood gems except word is already out about Frances so I would not recommend dropping by during any normal dinner hours unless you have a banana in your pocket to tide you over for an hour or two. MAKE RESERVATIONS. We went for dinner without reservations and we waited over an hour for seats at the bar. I don't blame the restaurant. The host(?) owner(?) waiter(? )we spoke with was doing his best for us in a difficult situation. Intellectually I knew this wasn't his fault but hunger induced psychois was starting to kick in. My out of town visitors from NYC were starting to lose it. My friend declared that she was Hangry. (You know, hunger induced anger) but all was forgiven once we tasted the food. I will return to Frances and try a bunch of other delicious looking stuff. (Also, bread is available on request and it is good...but don't make the rookie mistake of asking for it. It filled us up too much so we couldn't order dessert.)
It's hard to say what I liked the most about this quaint little restaurant located on a rather quiet street in the Castro. The second you enter the restaurant the host was as friendly as can be and wasn't fake or pretentious. Just super nice and genuinely happy to serving us. If you want somewhere small, not too overwhelming with a great meal and great service, this is the place to go. However, beware, it will take you over 2 months to get in. Of all of the different plates we ordered, here are the best things on the menu that you absolutely must try: 1) Bacon Beignets - To die for. You will not hesitate to go back for a second, or a third. I promise. 2) Ricotta Gnocchi - I am not even a gnocchi fan and I couldn't stop eating this. It's delicious, with a little more delicious on top. 3) Lumberjack Cake - This was by far the most amazing dessert I have had in a very long time. The cake is accompanied by Humphry Slocombe ice cream and you'll certainly be fighting over who gets to eat the last crumb. I think the only reason I gave this place 4 vs 5 stars was that is was a long meal. 2.5 hours for three courses was a little drawn out. But overall, I recommend going and trying out the ambience and food. Hopefully you'll be as happy as I was.
my friend and i had been putting this place off from the menu for the longest time.. but it was just about freaking time to try this place since we both lived so damn close to this place and it's got crazy reviews!everything we had was delicious..bacon beignet, panisse frites and the soup were just amazing. the quail was perfectly cooked.. just great. the vegetarian crepe was an interesting choice.. we also enjoyed it very much. the two desserts were just to die for. it was the middle two if my memory serves me right.I just want to thank Frances for being in the hood.. i think there are hopes in the Castro!!
We read the glorious reviews in the SF Chron and on Yelp so we booked our reservation two months in advance and was able to snag a table at 5:30. We made an adventure out of it by traveling on the Muni F-train from near Union Square. We started with the bacon beignets which were out of this world. We also got the chickpea fritters which I thought were rather tasteless but the meyer lemon aioli that accompanied them was good. We also liked the crab salad which had a generous portion of sweet crab. I had the lamb for the main course and thought that it was over salted. We really enjoyed the Lumberjack cake with ice cream. Wine by the ounce was a nice value.
Make reservations well in advance, as it's very hard to get in... No reservations? You can opt for trying to sit at the bar, which to me is worth it, but to others might proove a little too cramped (especially if you're a... uh... bigger person). Your best bet for bar seating is later in the evening, after the normal dinner hours.The tables are close together, so if you're looking for isolated candlelit romance this isn't your place. Getting into the front door can even seem tricky as it's a very small space. If you are looking for great food and don't have personal space issues, this is your place. The regular tables are ample, especially if you score the one in the back by the kitchen. Regardless, the food makes bearing with the crowd worth it. I've eaten here several times. My take? The beignets are very good, the bavette steak and the duck leg are amazing, and the lumberjack cake is fantastic.Skip the unimpressive house wine (creatively priced by the ounce) and opt for a bottle instead.  Street parking, as is most of San Francisco.
I am declaring that Frances is now one of San Francisco's best. Each course was expertly crafted. I'm not a guy who goes into all the details (unless I'm talking to you) but for instance, the Dungeness crab salad was such a perfect blend of crab, citrus, and greens that you tasted each ingredient, but none were overpowering and the taste of the main attraction (crab) came through in each bite. I haven't been able to pick a favorite among San Francisco's great restaurants... until now.
Dashed over to Frances for the soft opening last night and was pleasantly surprised with how smoothly things ran. Upon calling to see if they were slammed, they graciously offered to save me a table and greeted me by name when I arrived. The interior is nicely appointed with dark wood and clean lines, interesting lighting fixtures, coasters etc. Although some creative house cocktails are offered, we went with a very reasonably priced Cava from the bubbles section of the wine list ($26). The list has a selection of light and crisp whites, dry and versatile whites, well balanced whites with a hint of sweetness, easy drinking reds with some fruit and so on. I was also happy to hear that they offer filtered still and sparkling water at no additional cost. The menu includes bouches (small bites), appetizers, entres, and sides. We started with a decadent chestnut soup with pancetta, sweet roasted cipollini onions, and a garnish of winter greens, very rich and delicious! Next we had gnocchi with duck confit. The gnocchi were very light yet had a perfect sear on them. The broth and confit were amazing and hit all the craveable salty, meaty notes. This dish also had winter greens and was similar in color to the soup, but I would definitely order it again. For our entree, we had ling cod wrapped in lardo on a sweet squash puree w/ Brussels sprouts and apples. While the cod was perfectly cooked, we felt that the sweet aspects of the dish overpowered the light flavor of the fish. The side of creamed winter greens was vibrantly green (i.e. not overcooked) with a light cream sauce. We passed on dessert as we had a cheese plate waiting for us at home. The wine director overheard us discussing recent article on the lowest priced bottle on the list and joined our conversation. We gave him some feed back and said that we thought it was a great addition to the neighborhood. All of the waitstaff appears to have experience and Frances seems to be avoiding the usual opening issues that restaurants can face. 4.5 stars.
Really looked forward to eating here ,especially after reading all the great reviews.Frances was quite busy on the wednesday night we were there with our party of 6. We had a great round table away from the loudness of the main dining area. The server and staff were really helpful,but the timing was way off between courses. The portions are relatively small,so by the time I left the restaurant almost 2 hours from start to finish I was still hungry. I have heard the kitchen is very small so maybe it is hard to get the food out timely. In any event I was not impressed with Frances. The food is excellent,but there are plenty of excellent restaurants in SF.
Due to the local-celebrity of the chef this place has had the buzz of a flock of African killer bees, and the reservations wait to match. For my birthday dinner I had to book a table almost two months in advance, and one week short of my birthday on a Sunday night at 9:45. What would one expect from this kind of hype? Frances, in it's simplicity, and small, cozy interior, certainly doesn't reflect the expectations of this hype. It does fulfill it in the most important way; the skilled handling and presentation of high quality ingredients, and a menu that, while concise, offers one a well conceived food story, authored by the talented Melissa Perello. Is this review a little yawn? Maybe, but only as it reflects the calm, and resolute nature of this restaurant. Not a place for fast times, but rather good food and good conversation.
The first thing I did when I left was go on line and book another reservation, that's how good I thought the place. I loved it all. Of course the place is so good I cant get a reservation at all. Cant book for another 3 months and its fully booked through then.MY BF and I wanted everything on the small menu which is changed daily and rightly so, it was all good. I didn't die over the beignets, but i thought the panisse frites were fantastic. Very smooth and light.The best thing of the night I thought was the ricotta gnocchi, it was perfectly balanced, light but decadent, rich but not over whelming and left me wanting lots more. I had the chicken for mains and he had the lamb. The chicken was good but the broth it was served in was outstanding, I drank all of the fab both and croutons soaked in the broth before I finished the chicken. The lamb was allot of food but very good. We finished with the brown sugar semi freddo and that was fantastic even if very simple and something I could totally make at home.We did the house blended wine, which is served by the ounce and it was cool. We always order a bottle of wine and then after eating never feel like finishing the bottle as we have ordered and eaten more food than we should! So it was cool to know that we didn't have to finish the pitcher of wine on the table. It just meant that I could eat more ....this is a good and bad thing.Anyway - I loved it and wish I could go back again soon but alas I don't think I can because I cant get a reservation!
I have a hard time thinking of anything to say about Frances because it was so near perfect. It's tough to get a table here, but they have seats at the bar (and window) that they offer on a first come, first serve basis. The food is truly fantastic. Perhaps the most memorable dish was my soup, which was pea soup with pork belly. You seriously can't imagine anything better. Eat at Frances.
This is one of our families favorite places to celebrate a birthday. We love the wine by the ounce and the food is always high quality and very impressive.  We always have to order a soup, as it is always fantastic. Sure to please locals and out of towners alike.
WOW, WOW, WOW.That is how much I like this place.Wish to come back some time soon....
Let's talk about it. 12 hours later, I am still on cloud 9.An unassuming, comfortable atmosphere, with perfect volume levels.As important as the ambiance is, I would like to point out that I would be happy eating food this good sitting on a curb next to a dumpster in the heart of the Tenderloin.To start, I followed my heart/stomach/soul and ordered the Applewood smoked bacon beignets. Very delicate with an absolutely intoxicating aroma... and not just the local diner instinctive "bacon!" reaction that proves we are human.Next we enjoyed the roasted beat salad. This was simple, refreshing, and presented beautifully. The pairing with arugula proved a good contrast of sweet and bitter.The ricotta gnocchi itself was underwhelming. However, the porcini mushroom accoutrement was unreal, and the residual broth fantastic.The highlight of the meal: Chicken liver mousse. I almost don't want to write about it in fear that I will not do it justice... so I will make it simple and to the point: Un-be-fucking-lievable. After that magical foodgasm, I claimed "I feel sorry for the steak" which was due up next, thinking that there was no way anything could compare to the chicken liver mousse treat. As it turns out, if there was anything that could rival the mousse, it was the steak. The Bavette steak was superbly tender and incredibly flavorful, on a bed of chevre, zucchini, and squash... something to write home about.The house wine was a blend of four varietals, which they sell by the ounce. It was very complimentary to the meal, not the typical 'house red.'I am extremely impressed, and now exhausted from reliving such a memorable gastronomical feat.
Like most everyone else reviewing Frances, I was curious to see for myself if the place lives up to the hype. Frances has been getting so much positive press lately--in fact, the issue of bon appetit that named it one of the top ten new restaurants of 2010 had just arrived in my mail box the morning I ate there (and may be the reason I was inspired to finally give up on getting a reservation for a table and just walk in and sit at the bar).Overall I had a very positive experience. The bacon beignets arrived hot from the fryer, the bacon-specked dough crispy on the outside and light on the inside, not too greasy, and delicious dipped in the tart chive creme fraiche served on the side. Ricotta gnocchi in corn and tomato ragout were divine--the gnocchi were light, the sauce tasted from-the-garden fresh, clean, and simple. The side of peppers were also excellent--charred and sprinkled with coarse salt and served with a meyer lemon wedge. I love the idea of the house wine--one red and one white, blended by the restaurant owner--served in a glass beaker-like pitcher with lines marking every two ounces; you pay $1 per ounce for what you drink. The white wine I had was nice.The bar area seating is a little awkward. Otherwise, a very pleasant experience. I'll be back (if I can get a reservation!).
my 4th visit there and its as busy and perfect as ever. I love the soups, they are so flavorful and sucha refreshing surprise,,,lumberjack cake top 100 things to eat before you die in sf,,,,yes please
Gem of a place hidden away on a cute Castro residential street. Near impossible to get a table w/o reservations (or even a spot at the bar - if you're not there before 6pm!), but well worth the trouble once you land a spot. Cocktails and wine list are great. Highly recommend the Jalisco Sunrise, as well as the sangria. Only had appetizers there and not a full meal (never scored a table, LOL!) but everything we had was great.
My favorite restaurant in SF right now. Congrats Frances, on the Michelin star - totally well deserved! I've been here twice (pre & post star) with the bf and we left both times without a complaint. A lot of people complain about waiting/reservations. What do you think is going to happen at a popular restaurant? Neither time I've been here did we have a reservation, and waited 30 min tops. The trick is to get there early or late, avoid the regular dinner crowd, and be prepared to drink a few glasses of wine before your food. Rocket science. They don't take reservations for the bar seating, so there's about 8 seats up for spontaneous diners. And if you're lucky, someone will flake on their reservations and you'll get a table. Happened to me :)The food... shockingly good. Shockingly. So good, I literally can't stop eating. Shh don't tell, but I actually loosened my belt the last time. Real attractive. So maybe don't go here on a first date? Unless you have magical superpowers that prevent you from shoveling food down your throat. I clearly don't. Some of the most memorable dishes we ate were the chickpea fritters (one of their staple apps, which is deceptively filling), brussel sprouts (so buttery, so tasty, so much better than I cook them), risotto (bowl-licking delicious), and lumberjack cake (just trust me on this one). Scallops were also wonderful (though very heavy and rich) and my bf loved his steak the last time. Of course the menu changes weekly (daily?) so who knows what we'll end up with next time. Regardless, pair with whatever wine the sommelier suggests - dude is real good - and end with some hot Blue Bottle.Thank god this place didn't get all stuffy and hoity-toity because they received a Michelin. I love the relaxed, comfortable feel of the place (thanks to the phenomenal servers/staff) - makes me want to go back again. and again. and again. But I don't think there's enough holes in my belt for that...
i FINALLY got to eat at frances last night. my friend and i spontaneously decided we wanted to eat here, so rather than wait 3 months for a reservation, we decided to try our luck getting a bar seat. we got there around 540 and were seated around 650, just in time to eat around 7 pm. the waiting game is tricky, b/c they don't take your name, so you have to wait around, even tho there is really nowhere to wait other than standing by the door. at least we were able to have some house wine in the meantime. we were also able to see every single item that came out of the kitchen, so by the time we sat down, we knew exactly what we were getting.sitting at the bar is definitely the way to go, especially since you can be chatty w/ the servers. we started w/ the duck liver mousse on date butter toasts. i had heard this dish was delicious (and it's not always on the menu - in fact, it was not on the menu at all but was a special of the evening), but nothing prepared me for the fabulousness that my mouth experienced. the date butter was a perfect compliment to the rich duck liver mousse, and the acme toast made it extra special. it was so good w/ the date butter that we got more to scoop up the remaining mousse (which is a generous portion for 2).we then moved onto the dungeness crab salad and the fennel and white bean soup w/ shrimp. both were great and not too heavy. the little gems had more dressing than i would have liked, but it was still good.by now, we were pretty full but then had the scallops and a side of delicata squash. yes, there are only 3 scallops, but after all the apps, this was the perfect amount of food. ok, so now we're REALLY stuffed, but how can we leave w/o getting the lumberjack cake w/ MAPLE AND WALNUT ICE CREAM? lumberjack cake doesn't sound like the lightest dessert, but it was kinda like a cakey sticky toffee pudding, filled w/ apples and pears. the ice cream was to die for, and our server said it is especially made for the restaurant from humphry slocombe. in fact, they don't even serve the ice cream at HS. all in all, so long as you enjoy your dining partner a little bit (since you will be waiting a while), i think it's worth it to wait for a bar seat rather than get a reservation.
Walked in for dinner at the bar tonight, and received very warm greeting and prompt, informative service from the bartender/bar waiter.The waitress mistakenly gave us the corn chowder, but did a great job once she realized it was not ours. She still presented it, and said 'enjoy on the house!'. That's the best advertisement you can ask for- the soup was actually our favorite part of the entire meal...Frances substituted bavette for the lamb tonight, and it was excellent- same preparation as the lamb. Still not a huge fan of the beignets, but apparently it's just me.Great meal, great staff!
Have been here a few times, and have to say the food has gained dimensions of improvement each time.The trend of entrees vs appetizers continues. That is, entrees are acceptable, but not something I would choose given the price point. Appetizers and bites are truly amazing though. Each bite carries it's own special surprise of flavor, accentuating the moment. The wine selection is one of the best I've had the chance to experience. And the servers are fantastic at guiding the pairings.
Went last sat night around 730 without a reservation...waited about 40 min for a bar seat which isnt too bad for a saturday night and we ordered a carafe of a house wine blend at $1/oz you drink..dangerous! haha It was pretty good too!Staff here are amazing, attentive, friendly, and helpful..We ordered the lamb, which was AMAZING, an avocado/beet salad, this really good challah toast with cheese on it that i cant even do justice, and the gnocchi, which was good but the other 3 were SOOO good. Would definitely come back!
I think this is my favorite SF restaurant.I absolutely love this place. I've been here 3 times now, and each experience just gets better. The food is heavenly, the service is amazing, the atmosphere is great, even the bathroom is lovely.I really think Melissa is hitting her stride, and I can't say enough good things. Everything we have eaten has been delicious, and I think the prices are fair and consistent with San Francisco. I'm at the point where I just book a reservation 2 months out, so I have something to look forward to.The only problem? Every time I go anywhere else for a nice dinner , I think, "This was good, but I'd rather would have just gone to Frances...."
I had a wonderful experiance at Frances recently. We had dinner reservation for Friday. It was crowded as soon as we walked in the door but the staff was extremley friendly and kept thanking us for coming in to have dinner. Every table was filled but there were seats open at the bar. Frances is located in the Castro with plenty of street parking near the restaurant. When you first walk in you will notice a dark wood bar filled with staff milling in and out of the small kitchen. To the left there are a few seats at the bar and to the right and straight ahead are table lining the wall. A very cozy place, intimate place which is great because it is not intimidating at all considering it is a Michelin rated restaurant. We were seated towards the back. Our benches were up against the wall and had several burlap covered pillows to make the place extra comfy. Though please note that the place is small and the tables are pretty close together; practically touching. Service: our waiter quickly approach and gave us the run down for the evening. Our server was very attentive the entire night. Really excellent service. We heard so much about the delicious market shots(which is fresh fruits mixed with alcohol) so we ordered two of those to begin the evening. Our was a mixture of loila and black berries and sherry. Delicious. We then asked for the house wine which is a $1 an ounce. A great deal and great wine. They bring out a carafe that is lined on the outside in 2 ounce increments so you control how much you want to drink/pay. We went through a carafe and a 1/3 and it ended up being around $20 or so. Pretty good deal when you think at a another restaurant it would probably be about $8 to $10 a glass. Food: they had a few specials that night but we stuck to the menu. We started off with the bacon beignets with maple sauce and the chickpea fritters which looks like waffle sticks you would get at Wendy's or burger king. But believe me, they tasted nothing like it. They are crispy and creamy at the same time and the lemon aioli really cuts down on the richness of the fritter. We then had the porcini risotto which was probably my favorite of the evening. My mouth is water just thinking about it. It was covered with parmesan cheese, big chunks of assorted mushrooms and arugula. So yummy. I had the halibut for my entre which was crusted with garlic and super flaky. It came in a broth with clams and zucchini. And my fiance has the steak which he said was delicious. Really well prepared. We were stuffed but we had to get the Chocolate Clafoutis which was a chocolate cake with a caramelized banana on the insider and covered in a salted caramel. On the side there was a salted caramel ice cream with caramelized bananas. The cake was moist but I didn't feel like there was a very strong chocolate flavor. The salted caramel on top was great with the cake and ice cream but when I tasted it by itself, it tasted like a salt block with a hint of sweetness; a little too salty for my taste. The ice cream was probably the best part of the dish. The prices were reasonable for a Michelin rated restaurant. Great restaurant. Great prices. I guess reservations are hard to come by but if you can always stop by and try to grab a seat at the bar.
Came here the first week it opened and I was pleasantly surprised. They were super busy and running behind on reservations which sucks but they were very nice and accommodating. The place isn't very big but we were able to grab two seats at the bar and enjoy some wine while we waiting for our table. The wait staff was refreshingly nice and not arrogant which was fantastic. The ambiance is warm, cozy and fun. Not a ton of room but definitely very cute.As far as the food, we had the beet salad, beignets and gnocchi to start... all were fantastic. I wasn't that hungry so I didnt have a main, but my friend ordered the cod crusted with lardo and it was amazzzing.And the wine is pretty damn good for the pricing and I enjoyed the measurement system.Would def. come back!
I couldn't contain my excitement when I got a table at Frances (it helps to know "people" since you can never seem to book online) and tried to temper the expectations on this hyped up restaurant.Inside the restaurant feels a little like being in SoHo - warm, inviting, quaint. Located in a house in Castro, it is truly an intimate eating experience.Like everyone else, I did my homework to figure out what I wanted to try. The prices are quite tame for San Francisco which is surprising given the quality of the food. Everything seems to be seasonal and locally sourced giving you a real Californian dining experience at its best.For bouchees - we got the Bacon Beignets which really were to die for. Like little pillows of yummy fried goodness with bits of bacon. How can you go wrong? I could have had another order of this. We also got the Panisse Frites which was nice, but after trying the bacon beignets, I could have done without it and wished I got the Grilled Calamari salad instead.For appetizers - we got the heirloom tomato salad which we so refreshing. The tomatoes were really ripe and sweet against the baby lettuces. We also got the Ricotta Gnocchi in this white corn tomato cream base sauce. This was seriously one of the best dish of the evening (a very close second to the lamb). For main we both got the Watson Farm Lamb served 3 ways. For those who are apprehensive about trying lamb, do yourself a favor and try it here. There is no after taste and Melissa Perello cooks it medium to medium rare. Very tender and moist and a bit of a heavier main so if you want something lighter, I'd try the tuna.To end the evening I had the almond and semolina crostata made with bartlett pear and blackberry with a side of Humphry Slocombe English Thyme ice cream. The ice cream had a hint of thyme and tasted like a caramel base - delish! The service was incredible, never pushy or rushed, and they brought us a bittersweet chocolate mousse dessert as a "thank you" for coming. The wine service is also interesting. The house red and whites are served by the ounce ($1/ounce) and they bring out a bottle with these notches on the side so you can pour as much or as little as you like. They have one beer on tap which was a dark ale.If I can get in again without waiting 10 years, I would certainly make another trip back to Frances.
My partner and I (after several years of trying) finally got a reservation at Frances for last Friday night- at 5 pm. Frankly the difficulty of getting a reservation had led me to believe that the food would be exceptional. Unfortunately this was not the case.My meal was fine. I had the clams which were tasty (unfortunately not much clam- I think they chop it up and mix it back with the other ingredients) and the duck. My partner had the Panisse frites which were so bland as to be almost tasteless until you dipped them in the sauce and then they were vaguely interesting. My main beef (forgive the bad pun) was the bavette. Bavette is a tough cut of meat and is generally served very thin and pan fried. This was big chunks of meat. In fact my partner gave me a taste and it was so tough that after chewing for about 5 min I had to (discretely) get it out of my mouth. Needless to say the food won't be drawing me back though if reservations were easier to come by I might give it another try.The positives about Frances were the service (they were on top of things while not being in your face) and the house wine.The wine was very good for a house wine. I like the way they serve it: you get to pour what you want and get charged $1 per ounce. If you like eating at 5 pm and want to give it a try you can pop in without a reservation and try for a bar seat.
Frances is everything I love about San Francisco: simple yet innovative cuisine, good wine, and an intimate atmosphere. We had just gotten into town and were visiting with old friends, and I could have stayed forever. The reviews are right--this is an amazing addition to the city's dining scene, and the kind of place that is appropriate both for everyday meals (good luck getting a table) and special occasions. As a (reasonably functioning) alcoholic, I also have to point out that for once, "house wine" is not a dirty word. Both the red and white were A-/B+ options, at bargain basement prices. It's meals like this that make me miss living in SF.
Waited 2 months to come here. Even though the time that we wanted was not available. The wait was worth it. All the dishes were perfect. All having multi-layers of flavor. I usually don't go out of my way to order pasta when I go to a restaurant. The Short Rib Pasta that Frances has is pure comfort. Ambiance and dinning area is small, but homey. The wait staff is very knowledgeable, pleasant and inviting. I will definitely come back in the future if the opportunity arises. The only down side, we couldn't make reservations that night for a future reservation. They told us we had to go through Open Table for any future date. Meaning 12 Midnight 60 days to get your reservation time. Now, most likely will not have the opportunity to come back.
The one vegetarian dish i had was delicious. And when I returned a few months later, the same dish was delicious again. With limited veggie options, i won't return for dinner. The service was outstanding, and the wine was delicious. please, please, offer more than the one vegetarian dish!
My only complaint about Frances is that it is hard to get a reservation. But believe me, it is worth the effort! Consistently excellent food, friendly staff and delicious wine. What else can you ask for?
This is hands down the best food in the castro area. The food is delicious and the service is outstanding. Getting a reservation on short notice is impossible and even with advance notice it can be difficult..but it's worth the wait. The noise level can be a bit loud due the small size of the restaurant but don't let keep you from going there. Enjoy!
It was okay, but the food wasn't as good as the yelp reviews made me think it would be. The food was slightly overpriced and the restaurant is very crowded. Awesome coffee though!!
Finally got to Frances for dinner. Made my reservations a few weeks in advance. Who knew 6:15 on a Wednesday would be tough to get! There are not many tables and most of them are two seaters so I'm sure that makes it even more difficult/desirable. But when the food lives up to the hype waiting for a reservation doesn't really bother me. They've done a great job with the space, it's very simple yet elegant and feels warm. It's small but does not feel tiny or cramped. First of all they had me at "house filtered water" which comes in recycled wine bottles. Gone are the days when you feel like a cheap bastard for not ordering Pellegrino. You know what's wrong with tap water? Nothing! I love the idea of the pay per ounce wine and was curious as to how it was done. They bring you a tall thin pitcher of wine with lines on the side representing ounce markers. Pretty clever. I was actually surprised that my one glass turned out to be six ounces but other than that it was good. We ordered the most popular appetizers, the bacon beignets and the panisse frites. I mean how can you turn down fried bacon balls? The beignets were delicious and had just enough savory bacon to taste. They are best when eaten hot so don't them them sit for long (yeah, like that's a problem). The frites were amazing. I don't know how on earth they manage to get chickpeas to that consistency but it was so smooth and velvety and delicious. My friend said it was like eating fried cheese...this is a good thing, no? My friend also had the nettle soup and said it was really really good so I will take his word on that one and will order it next time. We both had the caramelized scallops for the entree. I love a good crispy scallop and this did not disappoint. A lovely flavor and consistency and tasted great with the mushrooms and little bit of greens. I would definitely order that again. For me the best part (which comes as no surprise to those that know me) was the dessert.  I had the chocolate mousse with salted chocolate cookies. WOW!! Amazing. The mousse was light and fluffy and the cookies were thin and soft yet crisp. The combination of sweet and salty was perfect. My friend had the lumberjack cake and said it was great. I didn't get to taste it because I was too busy inhaling my mousse. Didn't get to try the ricotta gnocchi, or broccoli roasted with anchovy and lemon but I needed to save something for next time. The service was great and management is very hands on. You can tell Patrick (the GM) loves what he does and is so grateful that they have achieved such success in a rough economy. People are still willing to pay for good food, even if it's with credit! Make your reservation now, it's worth the wait.
Frances is my favorite new restaurant in San Francisco. Check out the chickpea fritters and the bacon beignets.
My favorite opening of 2009.  Service was great, the ambiance was pleasant and best of all the food was delicious.The gnocchi with duck confit is a must order. With a short menu (4 apps, 4 entrees) you had better deliver - there is nowhere for clunkers to hide. Thankfully everything we tried was excellent.I highly recommend Frances but would only go with a reservation. The area in the front can be a mob scene and doesn't look like a pleasant place to eat.
First off, it's almost impossible for a person to never have a negative experience with a business, regardless of how good they are. If you're on here writing a negative review after *only* one visit, then you are being completely unreasonable. Space: Yes it is small and the seating is tight except for 'bar', far rear and window seats. This is San Francisco. Tight seating shouldn't be a major criticism. However I agree with comments about the comfort of the seating itself. 4 StarsStaff: Very personable and helpful. 5 stars.Atmosphere: It can get a bit loud but this is normal for smaller spaces, and *especially* those that serve alcohol. However, I would like to see the owners install sound absorbing ceiling baffles to help reduce the overall loudness. 4 StarsFood Quality: Exceptional. I suspect that some people are rating their food lower because the food is not excessively seasoned (i.e. SALT). I can count on one hand the number of times I've eaten trout. I've never really enjoyed it until Frances. Their Steelhead Trout is amazing. I was completely shocked when I tried my partner's order, and I made sure to order my own during my next visit. 5 StarsFood Price: The food is fresh and comes from local farmers. Given the quality it is very reasonably priced IMO. 5 StarsAlso, if you like Madeiras, get the New Orleans Special Reserve if they still have it!
Frances is right in my Neighborhood. The service was amazing and the house wine was really tasty and affordable. Food was a bit disappointing but I had really high expectations since my friends were raving about it. The Market shooter was really well done and I may come by and just ask for that and then leave....it's really good. Ordered the bacon Beignets were not as tasty as they sounded. I will have to go back and try the chickpea fritters. The Scallops were good but varied in size but the cooking time was not taken into account. So the bigger one was ridiculously perfect and the smaller one was a little over done. The beef dish lacked flavor but the greens were amazing. The service was amazing and honestly won me over. Overall, Frances is a solid good! I will go again and try the fritters.
Good quiet environmnet. Food was really good. my favorite were the clams. get it!!
Awesome, awesome, awesome.Like everyone else I had been looking forward to this meal for months. To start we had the bacon beignets, panisse frites and ricotta gnocchi. The 'frites' were crispy on the outside but smooth and creamy in the middle. The gnocchi was super tasty and had the perfect amount of sauce. I also had the lamb. At this point I was already pretty full so unfortunately I didn't get to enjoy this as much as I normally would. I really appreciated the fact that there were 3 distinct styles of meat on the plate.To sum it up, fantastic food and very friendly service at surprisingly affordable prices. It's no wonder this place is booked for ages. I can't wait to go back.
After much anticipation for this restaurant to open (and my friend Joanne H. to be available), we finally get to try Frances.I wasn't able to get a reservation for Saturday night, but the kind gentleman over the phone (Peter? IIRC) said there were 10 bar spots that were first come first serve, so we decide to brave it.We arrive at approx 7:45pm, and the host said the wait may be 45 minutes to 1 hour. I order a drink in the meantime (the "Apple & Honey"...it was quite refreshing and a touch boozy enough to get Jo slightly tipsy after one sip). Lo and behold, 8:15pm rolls around and two spots are available for us at the bar. Yay 30 minute wait!After oogling over the menu, we decide on the items described on Joanne H.'s review. Here's my take on them:Bouchees (little starter dishes @ $6.50/each):-Panisse Frites: Think mashed potatoes with a crispy fried batter, but instead with chickpeas. It was a light, and comfort-foodish dish that finished clean with a squeeze of lemon and the lemon aioli.-Pork Trotters: Essentially pig feet shredded and shaped into mini-cakes. I expected it to be much richer, but it ended up having a nice even flavor...perhaps balanced by the pickled vegetables.Appetizers:-Ricotta Gnocchi: Rich little buggers that melted in your mouth with the mushrooms that accompanied it. Yum.Entrees:-Watson Farm Spring Lamb: As much as I like lamb, the meat was a bit tough and didn't seem to meld with the rest of the flavors in the dish very well. Every other part of the dish stood pretty strong on its own (radicchio, butter beans, artichoke, olives, and apparently a little lambmeat "cake" under it all). It was my mistake for neglecting to specify I wanted it cooked medium-rare. My fault, oh well.-Crepe Cannelloni: A vegetarian dish that was BURSTING with flavor. The spinach and mushrooms (and whatever other fancy ingredients I can't really identify on their own) stole the show. I'm usually a meat eater when it comes to entrees, but I would easily go back and have this as my own.Dessssseeeeerrrrrrrrt!!-Bittersweet Chocolate Mousse: Definitely for the chocolate lover...especially dark chocolate. It had a deep richness that reminded me of biting into a high cacao content bar...but in mousse form. The cookies topping it also had sea salt, rounding out the palate.-"Lumberjack Cake": DEEEELICIOUS! Super moist texture sorta like carrot cake but made with pears and dates instead. The Maple Walnut ice cream from Humphry Slocombe came along as a welcome sidekick.Drinks:-Apple & Honey ($10): A bit too light and shi-shi for me. Apple and smooth honey upfront, with that refreshing white-wine finish. Though it was good, I don't think I'd order it again. It's just not my kind of drink.-Market Shots ($3): Fresh squeeze fruits infused with hint of booze. I'm interested to see how they change it up every so often. At $3 a shot, it's novel and worth getting.-House blend wines ($1/oz): Choose red or white, and you pay for what you drink (I think we drank 8oz?). The red that we had wasn't too big, but held well with the entrees. A slight hint of acid at the end with a medium-smooth finish, especially if you let it breathe a little more.So, here are my stars breakdown:Concept - 5 starsThough it's not a "new" concept (fresh, organic, casual cuisine) I like it. This is why I came here in the first place.Value - 5 starsEating this much GOOD food & drink in a restaurant this pleasant, I would've expected the bill to be ~$100/person after tip. It was nice to see that it was quite a bit lower than that.Execution - 5 starsOur walk-in wait was shorter than expected, the service was pleasant and attentive, and the food tasted fantastic! The atmosphere is casually intimate, so you can even take a first date here without the environment being too pretentious and uncomfortable. Keep note that the restaurant is small (I counted 51 seats including the 10 seats at the counter/bar), so make a reservation or take a gamble with the first-come, first serve seats.Annnnnd, that averages to what you see above.
Decent place. Great service. Interesting beer and wine selection (no hard liquor). Reservations are very hard to get. The food is ok. Very fresh, and vey unique items, but not my cup of tea, I guess. -The bacon beignet appetizers were interesting, but i wouldn't order them again (much prefer the dessert ones at Spruce).-The white corn soup was excellent. -the lamb was tender and edible.-the panna cotta for dessert was ok.
This place was incredible. Had to wait a while to get a reservation and when we did it was at 9:30pm but well worth it. Service was remarkable. People who really like their job and enjoy others. Food was delicious as well. Make sure to get the house wine. Well priced and you only get charged fro whet you drink. Will definitely be back.
despite the drunken and more pitiful representation of the desperate housewives flanked to one side and the couple from hell in a hideous one sided argument (he just took her nasty and bitchy comments and like..., well, you get it. and they had to be asked to leave (by my boyfriend of course, resulting in candid thankfulness by the other patrons)), this place has a warm warm spot in my heart. I do wish they get a few more rotation of items, I feel as though they are not changing the menu often enough.
We strolled in around 530 pm on new year's eve without a reservation and managed to get two seats at the bar (they were completely booked and the restaurant was packed by 615).No problem though, the waiter removed one of the chairs so we would have a little more elbow room and the experience only got better from there. Our drinks arrived a few moments later, we ordered the house wine, a Syrah blend, which was very good.We started with the chickpea fries with meyer lemon aioli and then moved onto the gnocchi with duck and braised greens. That was one of the best little gnocchi dishes I've ever had. For entree's, my gf had the Kale Crepe Cannelloni with mushrooms, leeks and Lo Tur cheese. She loved it, which was good, as it was the only veggie entree on the menu. She had creamed winter greens as a side. I had the chicken breast, which was stuffed with more chicken served over savory bread pudding w/raisins and apples. It had amazing flavor and was cooked perfectly.We did manage to have a little space for dessert and coffee (Blue Bottle). We shared the Valrhona choc ganache with olive oil ice cream (from Humphrey Slocombe) and I wish I had a bigger stomach so I could've had more. The service was great from start to finish. It's nice to have a restaurant of this caliber in our hood. (It's small and a little noisy when it's packed, but reminded us of so many little restaurants we've been to in Europe.) We'll definitely go back.Happy New Year!
It is with hesitation that I only grant Frances four stars but reserve the right to upgrade to 5 after my next visit, which I hope will be soon. Why only four?I arrived early and was astonished to see full seating available at the bar. For those that don't know, getting reservations here is like Gary Danko - next to impossible. So, I snatched up a seat next to the window that afforded me great people watching opportunities (if the guy who lives across the street reads this, you may want to consider closing your drapes when you exit the shower, there will always be people in Frances oogling out the window) and let the action begin.The waiter was very friendly and helpful. No complaints. He recommended the clams for a starter. They were good. Not the best I've had but good.Next I had the soup. Here too I thought it was very good but not the best I've had. At some point though perfection is impossible, so I thought this was near perfection so I was happy with it.For my course I had the duck breast over white beans with sausage. It was fantastic. It could have been a little hotter (may have been sitting a bit too long) but the flavors were superb. I couldn't find anything terribly wrong with the dish. One fliet was a little rare but it was still spot on, and the slightly charred skin made for a drool-worthy experience.I am not a big fan of duck but this was undoubtedly the best in recent memory, if not ever.Since prices are very reasonable I pushed on and ordered the cheese plate for dessert. Here is where I felt the experience went to four stars. The accompanying fruit and bread with the cheeses were delicious, but I was not impressed at all with the cheeses. I was given 3 selections of cheeses. I don't recall the brands or even exact types, but I have gotten to know cheese fairly well over the years and I didn't think any of these were very exciting. It is possible that I am not familiar with the types to know enough - I want to make that clear because nothing is worse than someone uneducated in fine food bashing it because they don't know what good food is. I just felt like the cheese tasted a bit old, a little rubbery, and flavorless. I'd recommend to the chefs that they re-visit the cheese and offer a a finer selection; the cheese cart at Gary Danko is one of the best experiences of the meal for those that order it.What really moved me here however was the wine. They offer a house blend that they sell by the ounce. You pay for how much you drink. At first I was a little skeptical but after a taste I was sold. I fell in love with the red. The friendly waiter told me it is a 50% cab, 40% Merlot and 10% something else (I forget) blend. It tasted like a $120 bottle and had all the depth, character and taste to match one. It went well with everything, even the unimpressive cheese.I will most definitely be back again if reservations are possible and will try a few other dishes then (bacon beignets anyone?). I look forward to it.
I ate at Frances for the first time last week with a few friends of mine. We had to get reservations pretty far in advance - it's a popular and VERY small place! Don't bother stopping in without a rez.PROS - the wine was absolutely delicious. Probably the best wine I've ever had, and paired beautifully with my meal. My friends really enjoyed the duck as well as the bread (be sure to ask for it). The service was reliable - we were seated within 10 minutes of our reservation time, which is pretty impressive for a small hot/buzz-worthy restaurant - and the host and servers were incredibly polite, without being overbearing. Definitely professional, through and through.CONS - I've had better steak. It was a little too chewy, and didn't have a fantastic memorable flavor. I'd recommend passing on the calamari appetizer as well. Also, the restaurant was so small that I felt a bit cramped while waiting for my table. TIP - you can BYOB, but I'd also recommend trying out their wine selection...it really makes you realize how crappy the wine you usually drink is.
Food was incredible.They have a house blended red and white wine served by the ounce ($1 per). Which can make it a little easier to enjoy some decent wine without paying out the nose. If you are looking for a really good wine, order from the list of bottles.They were very accomodating about seating me and my friend at the bar, since we did not have reservations. The space is quite small, and getting reservations is difficult from what I understand.My only complaint is that we were never served bread, at all, though the others around us were (even after we asked for some). Perhaps they thought we were going low-carb that night? I thought it was strange.
i really loved our experience. from being greeted warmly at the door, to being seated immediately, to our server's perfect timing and handling of our meal, everything went off so smoothly. and you really do feel they are so happy to have you here. the restaurant itself is smaller than i expected, and in shades of black and cream with chestnut wood, it feels like smart, intelligent dining. get ready, i'm gonna get all food porn-ie on you.we had the bacon beignets of course, but they weren't my favorite part of the meal. i was blown away by the flavors in the salads. my calamari salad in its lemony dressing with radish, arugula and fennel was incredibly flavorful. and that squid was ultra tender. probably the best prepared squid i have had. i also stole several bites of the husband's sunchoke, radiccho and persimmon salad. garnished with almonds and green olives, it had so many complimentary and surprising flavors. our entrees rocked. the husband's bavette steak, cooked medium rare with farro and pearl onions, was hearty and respected the meat's quality. my california black cod w/creamed leeks and squash puree was like butter in my mouth. those mushrooms on top, and flash fried kale leaves really brought it home. for something so light, it was sooo decadent. we ordered 2 desserts and tho we enjoyed them, they could've been better. part of the problem was the cakes were served room temp. we ended up bring half of each home and popping them in the microwave to eat for breakfast this morning and it really opened up the flavors in them to have them warm. but i was a fan that the desserts here aren't overly sweet. i also think for what you're getting, the prices are really fair. we brought our own bottle of wine and the corkage was $15. with everything else we only dropped about $115. not bad at all for the quality and care with which everything is handled. i met the chef while waiting for the ladies room, and she seemed so genuinely nice and glad i was there. overall frances delivers an awesome experience. as the host helped me into my coat (!! who does that?! so NICE) i walked away feeling all warm and fuzzy inside.
The most enjoyable dining experience we've had in quite some time. The service was superb and the food top-notch. The bacon beignets, grilled calamari and panisse frites were all wonderful items to start with. The dungeness crab risotto and snapper dishes were similarly lovely. And the lumberjack cake lives up to its reputation. Frances is in an admittedly small space, but the customers are cognizant and respectful of the tight quarters and somehow it works. It's rare that we find a restaurant worthy of a five star rating but this one deserves such accolades - we look forward to the next time!
I live in the Noe/Castro area and this is hands down one of our favorite neighborhood gems. Any place that books to the 60th day out on OpenTable is worth a visit, no matter how long the wait! My husband and I usually head over before 6PM if we can swing it and wait for a crammed bar seat. Full service bar and let me warn you - must be normal to thin stick figure to be able to squeeze into that space!I can't recall if the menu changes daily or weekly but whatever they have on the menu, it's guaranteed to be fresh and tasty. Between my husband and I, we've probably tried all the recurring favorites - chickpea fries, bacon beignets, beet salad, gnocchiEntire staff is super attentive and very experienced - from what I understand, the chef/owner brought over the guys she'd worked with along the way (mainly from Fifth Floor)I'm annoyed with never having any luck to book a proper reso at this spot for dinner (where I actually have some elbow room to cut my food) but the food is definitely worth it!My only gripe would be the wine list - subpar at best.
Since Frances was the fresh darling restaurant of yelpers and critics, and I was so excited to try it for the first time. I live only a block away and the reviews have been superb, so I was really hoping it would be my go-to classy neighborhood joint. I made 2 reservations a month in advance since it's hard to get in and I wanted to try it with multiple friends.Our party of 4 was seated pretty quickly, and the initial service was fine, but over the course of the night we grew more and more disappointed. It felt like no one cared about our table or paid any attention aside from taking our order and eventually clearing our plates. The four of us were finishing a bottle of wine when the food came out, and by the time the order for the 2nd bottle was placed and came, we were nearly finished with our entrees. Our empty plates sat in front of us for at least 10 minutes before anyone took them away, and then items were forgotten from our dessert order. At no point during our bouchees, appetizers, entrees, 2 bottles of wine and dessert did anyone ask us how we were enjoying our meal. These may seem like small service details, but all four of us were really surprised that a place of this caliber would have such bad attention to service.  On a positive note, the food was pretty good. The salads were fresh, though nothing extraordinary, the steak was delicious, and the wine was really great although we didn't get much guidance from the server/sommelier. The mushroom risotto was overpowering in its earthiness, but that could just be a personal taste.Overall, the experience was incredibly disappointing. Our company was great and we were able to laugh about the experience since we didn't want to ruin the evening harping over complaints, but all four of us were shocked at the level of service after having such high hopes. Hoping this was an unusual service experience I emailed the manager, particularly since I had another reservation for the following week that I wasn't sure I should keep. Patrick replied to my email and essentially said we should come back and try again. Maybe my expectations were too high, but I thought the response was unacceptable. Thanks for the offer to spend more of my hard earned cash on decent food and terrible service, but I'll take my business elsewhere.
While the food was tasty and the service impeccable, I left Frances feeling a bit disappointed after all the hype. Our meal was too rich, from start to finish. We had the chickpea fritters, maple bacon beignets, and masala yogurt to start. I liked the masala yogurt- it was not what I expected from the description, which sounded like it would be more of a cauliflower dish with yogurt. It was actually yogurt with curried cauliflower seasoning on top. The chickpea fritters were amazing. The parsnip soup was too creamy, especially for the large portion size. The kale salad was average, as was the dessert (banana semifreddo). I was bummed they were out of the gnocchi. Perhaps the non-vegetarian food is not all so rich, but I feel like in SF, you need to have a balanced menu even for the vegetarians. I understand French cuisine is rich, but I think its generally easier to make tasty food using tons of butter and cream, and that's exactly what Frances did. Also not a fan of the interior decor- really plain, white walls lined with wine bottles. There are better options in SF without the hype (and wait).
This place was delicious! We didn't have reservations which kept us from getting a table, but they had open bar seating so for the 2 of us it worked out fine. They have house wine that is served by the pitcher (you pay $1 for every ounce that you drink) and it is really good, especially for a house wine. My favorite was the baked clams. Beautiful presentation and great flavor. The beet salad was also good with small pieces of blood orange and some arugula. The staff was very friendly and made sure our water glasses were always full. All in all a great little neighborhood gem that I'm sure I'll be visiting again very soon.
It was worth waiting six weeks for our reservation; this was one of the best meals I have ever had!
definitely fits the classic michelin guide diner taste profile.waited a long time for this place through opentable.*applewood smoked bacon beignets with maple creme fraiche and chivesnicely executed beignet with crisp outside and soft inside, bacon was just right not overpowering, but what actually made the dish was the maple creme fraiche, slightly sweet yet tangy creme.*panisse frittes with crispy chickpea fritters, roasted garlic, tomato aioli. such a thin layer of crisp, very nice, dipping sauce good. two fried things are a lot, so i would only order one or the other next time*salsify and celery root soup with chicken confit, baby turnips, and sunchokes. this was awesome. the elements blended so well, tasty chicken, saltiness of it balanced by the thin soup, yummy turnips.*ricotta gnocchi with chanterelle mushrooms, rapini, cherry tomatoes. not really outside the box. gnocchi consistency not quite as smooth. tasted good overall.*five dot ranch bavette steak with piperade, creamy butter beans and sauce bordelaise -- flank steak cooked expertly, soft not too chewy, good sauce flavor, hearty dish*california black cod with roasted rugosa squash, melted leeks, chanterelles. crisp skin a little salty, fish still juicy, squash puree was goodfor the price and taste, this is a good deal and a classic great restaurant.the house wine is a highlight, since they actually go up to the wineries to blend the wines themselves (try various combos), by the ounce is a good way to have it too. merlot/syrah combo this timedessert, lumberjack cake with pear and maple ice cream plus dates -- good blend, soft cake. not so mouthwatering.
Not much I can add to the current reviews but went here tonight and had a GREAT meal! Went with 3 friends and had 4 apps, 4 mains, 4 desserts, and 2 bottles of their $1.00 an ounce wine. Meal price was really reasonable for what we received, especially considering the wine intake. :) We each paid $58 prior to tip. Super reasonable! I had the bacon beignets, Panisse Frites, Grilled Beets and charred onion and sour cream dip to begin with. All amazing. The bacon beignets and frites are really not to be missed. For mains we had one of each. The cassoulet was amazing, more so since it was vegetarian! So good. But the duck and steaks were cooked to perfection and there wasn't a clean plate at the table. Desserts we chose all but the lumberjack cake, much to our servers chagrin. All were amazing, the chocolate pudding was exceptional, the cream and biscuits in the strawberry shortcake were divine and the profiterole was so good especially with the sour cherries!  Everything was amazing and since the menu changes we'll be back for sure! The only negatives were that once we paid our bill we were kind of rushed out and the proximity to the tables next to you. Being rushed out kind of ended the night on a low light but otherwise it was a very nice evening and will not stop us from coming back again. Service was really great and our waiter was super friendly and helpful.
I know, I know its blasphemy to not give Frances Five stars and then add a sixth on in the review ....however I am not all that into the herd these days. It should be two stars but the third I tacked on based on the fun times I have had there.Now, its important to say that I have eaten at Frances ten to twelve times. I would go back because I love the space, that its a true neighborhood place, the regular faces (think Cheers), the food and that sexy dark wood. Over time though...I gotta say that the greetings and chit chat with those that work there once to have felt sincere and meaningful now feels terribly formulaic. The servings are getting smaller and the plates are much less creative. i would even say that its fare to call them on some fluff plates over the last three months.I think that Frances is making the age old mistake of those restaurants that get a lot of accolade early and then just glide. Truth is there are too many fabulous places in SF to do that.Id love to see them get a shot of Human Growth Hormone mixed with humility and the hunger that they opened with so that they could come back down to earth and get to work making good, creative food all the while shedding some of their we are the sh*t attitude as Id like to see them stay around.
I can't give this place 5 stars because I waited 1 month for this reservations and my expectations were way super high. I was afraid that Frances was being over-hyped on Yelp but the meal was actually really good. I wasn't a huge fan of the bacon beignets though that everyone is raving about here. They were doughy and dense...maybe just an off night and they weren't cooked properly. My major problem with all the apps was that it was just so overly salty. The thing that made up for it though was service. As soon as we mentioned the salt to our waiter he quickly took back the soup and brought out a new one and was very nice about the whole thing. The less salty celery soup was delicious. The other app we shared was the beet salad which was good but nothing special. The best part of the meal were the entrees. We shared the chicken, steak and risotto. That chicken is the moistest and tastiest chicken I've had in a really long time. The beans with the steak had great flavor and the risotto was a good portion. Desserts were all pretty good. The chocolate mousse was the group favorite by far, the sea salt adds a ton to this dessert. The upside down cake was a little dry and the boozy affogoto had an interesting liquor in it that we weren't quick used to. The house red wine is actually really good and at $1/oz it's easy to drink quite a bit. I do agree with previous reviewers that the room does get very, very loud. I've got another reservation here next month and actually looking forward to going back.
This is a tough review for me but overall I'm going two have to give Frances two stars.I booked a table two months in advance for my birthday because I had heard nothing but amazing things about Frances. The menu looked incredible and the reviews were phenomenal.However, when I went for the first time for my b-day dinner last Friday, the result was not up to par. It wasn't because of the food, but the extremely slow service. I had an 8:30 reservation, but we weren't seated until close to 9. It then took TWO HOURS to get our entree. By the time it showed up I had to wolf down my steak so I could leave and meet my friends who were waiting at the bar. Needless to say, I didn't really get to enjoy my food and I had to skip out on dessert, which I was REALLY excited to try. No birthday candle for me I guess.The food that I did get try was good but unfortunately it was overshadowed by the slow service. I'd be willing to try Frances again but probably not anytime soon and not for a special occasion.
Frances is my new favorite restaurant! I absolutely love everything about it. It is a quaint, charming neighborhood gem with simple, well-curated decor. I can tell that every decision at this establishment is thought through with tremendous consideration. The food is delicious, unique, and prepared with utmost care and the finest ingredients. It is apparent that the chef sources from only the best purveyors. The menu is small with something for everyone, and every dish is worth trying. Very rarely do I see a menu and want to order every dish on it. My absolute favorite bouchee is the panisse frites - a dish you likely may not find anywhere else in SF. The market shot is also quite fun. Service is excellent - probably the best I've received in SF. Something I find about SF restaurants is that many of them that receive plenty of press or have a cult following don't even attempt at good service anymore. Perhaps they think that the food and press are enough to sustain. This is not the case at Frances. With press, a cult following, and probably a whole year booked out, the staff at Frances has not forgotten the principles of excellent service. Everyone was friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. Pricing is very reasonable, considering the cuisine and service. I've certainly had my share of mediocre food and service at somewhat pricey restaurants.Though it may be challenging to secure a dinner reservation, Frances has a bar with open seating. It's perfect for last minute dinner plans, bringing someone from out of town, or just relaxing for a drink and a bite. Frances delivers, and everything about it is special. Please do dine there!
So, I'm moving to New York (don't cry) , and I wanted to make sure I got the best of San Francisco eats before I peaced out. Frances has been the talk of the town and reservations are nearly impossible to get. My date and I decided we would just show up and see what was possible. Even on a week night, there were no tables available after 9 pm. I'm not hating, because we waited ten minutes, had a nice glass of Syrah. Another couple tried to snag our spots but the host honored our walk-in and we posted up at the bar, where they also serve the full menu. The food was bomb. Service was the perfect combination of swift and friendly. Extra thumbs up for the bacon beignets, the ricotta gnocchi and the scallops. Not that into the chickpea frites, but thats being weighed against the near-perfection of our other dishes. Everything, including our salted chocolate mousse dessert, looked as nice on the plate as it does in my mouth. That's what she said. I'm glad I was able to squeeze in this tasty slice of heaven.
SIX STARS! - The best restaurant in SF? We ate at the only Michelin 2-star in SF recently and this place kicks the S#!T out of that. I cannot say enough about this meal - My wife and I didn't mind eating late on a tuesday so we were able to get a reservation only a week out! Believe the hype people, if you want inspired delicious passionate food, great service, great atmosphere and VERY reasonable prices, this is your place. #1 We started out with the bacon beignets with maple creme fraiche which were as good as they sound, maybe better. #2 We ordered the grilled calamari salad. I love calamari, and this was undoubtedly the best use of the squid that i've ever come accross - delicate, tender and complimenting of the incredible dressing and the greens used...simply perfect - every bite was a food-gasm. #3 We then moved on to the homemade fusili with shredded asparagus in a lemon creme sauce - this was amazing. imagine the best asparagus w/hollandaise you've ever had adapted to a pasta dish. #4 We then split the halibut w/chorizo and butter beans - this was sizeable, delicate, complex, innovative and incredible...wow, after this we were stuffed. Drink: We opted for the $1/oz house wine...this was a terrific california table wine, full of fruit, but balanced with a great deal of old world leather, spice and vanilla - an all around great drinker by itself or with food...best house wine i've had EVER. #5 My wife needed her chocolate kick so we went for the chocolate orange mousse...i'm not a dessert person, but this was some incredible mousse. To top this, the service and the atmosphere were great - it was super super busy until we walked out with sound and movement all around (i love this, i HATE the feeling of an empty or semi empty restaurant). This place is communal, you talk to your neighbors and everyone suggests food, and you get to preview what your getting! BOTTOM LINE: 5 BIG courses to split + wine $85 before tip for 2 - seriously? for a Michelin starred place? so reasonable THANK YOU FRANCES! YOU MADE OUR SPECIAL EVENING AMAZING! WE WILL BE BACK SOON.
Love love love. We saw it on Unique Eats and could not wait to try it out. I booked it about 7 weeks out and it was worth the wait. The beignets were great and we had mussels which I want the recipe for. Everything else we had was lovely too. The wine is great value at $1 on ounce. The waiter we had was really friendly and helpful. I got home that night and booked it again.
We fell madly in love with the baked clams and the lumberjack cake. Our entrees were also very good but we could shut up about them. The wine by the ounce is a great idea (and great wine) and aided in us leaving the restaurant without breaking the bank.
One of the best meals I have had in the city, very simple review - go there. Added Bonus, reasonable prices and wine list that won't gouge you. Everything on menu looks great, however the halibut and bacon beignet are solid crowd winners.
I waited in line in the rain at 4:45 pm before they were open for seats at the counter, since it takes months to get a decent table here. The wait was worth it. Everything is delicious, and my friends were (a little too) excited that the wines are cheaper here than at other places lol. All in all a great dining experience and this restaurant has easily become one of my top 5 in the City.
I like this place a lot and that the price for the quality of the food was commendable. Great, attentive, friendly service. Every dish was well executed and quite tasty.
Lovely food, decor, service, location.
Good food, prepared really well. My bf had Five Dot Bavette Steak which was so deliciously tender! I had the Sonoma Duck Breast which was really good too. The food lacked a surprising explosion of flavor that I enjoy when eating at fine establishments, but it was far from bland. The portions are close to the dietary recommendations (i.e. not huge) so go do starving. Bacon Beinget was really good if you like bacon. We also had the Sierra Beauty & Braeburn Apple Galette, it came with a rum ice cream that had a bit too much run for my taste.
This restaurant is amazing. We started with some small plates, all of which were surprisingly large given the prices and the generally minuscule portions a lot of fancier places serve. While I didn't find the bacon beignets in and of themselves particularly earth shattering, the maple creme fraiche with chives that they served with it was incredible. I'm not normally one for creamy sauces or dip but that ish was good. Like so good that if I wasn't concerned about the inevitable morbid obesity it would cause, I would eat that stuff by the gallon. We also ordered the panisse frites which were also very good--they tasted like creamy hummis sticks with a hint of lemon. The last small plate we did was the cauliflower and yogurt. I thought this was particularly creative and delicious. They roasted cauliflower puree comes in a little jar, topped with spiced yogurt and is served with these long breadstick like things. By the time were were done with small plates we were actually getting kinda full, so we skipped straight to entrees. I had the duck breast, which was cooked perfectly and the kale and other veggies went really well together. My girlfriend had the halibut which was again perfectly cooked and delicious. We also ordered a gnochi side, which was I thought the only disappointing plate of the night. The gnocchi was light and fluffy, but the pesto just wasn't doing it for me. It was just kind of salty and not particularly flavorful. I really wanted to do the lumberjack cake for dessert, but by the time we finished out entrees we were really full and skipped it.Given all the yelp buzz around it though, I'd def consider coming back. Overall, the food here is excellent, I really see why they got that Michelin star. Plus the service isn't weighted down by the pretense you find at some other fancy restaurants. The servers are really warm and friendly, without being overbearing. The lack of pretense is reflected in the menu too -- very reasonably priced food for the portions and quality! I'll definitely be returning.
always good. i love it when you have a hard time choosing bc every item just looks so good. Frances is a favorite SF restaurant for me. it feels like a lively local place with an understated classyness. I totally think every place should offer wine at $1/oz. it's so smart and makes deciding so much easier.
And on the third day, they gave us Frances. Perfect chilly night for slow roasted beef, soul food chicken, light & fluffy gnocchi with duck confit (gasp, not a cream sauce?), bacon donuts (beignets) and squash frites. By and far one of the better meals I've had lately.  The $1/ounce wine was jammy, fruity and perfect.  The two stars were the beef and the squash ($23 and $6.50 respectively).  The beef was tender, moist with a perfectly crunchy crust; the gnocchi and duck were surprisingly light and fluffy and lean; each with light sauces that complimented the wine just right. Service did take a bit longer than you'd expect, especially with 9:45 p.m. reservations, but can be explained because the place was packed; but with good wine and good-sized portions...the wait is unnoticeable because the food eclipses it. Cozy, warm and inviting. Great.
Amazing food and service!
Love this place - everything we had food-wise was excellent, service was great, and the ambiance was perfect. Can't wait to get back for a second round!
YES! Frances is awesome. I went here last night and it is definitely the best restaurant in the Castro.-Tables are cramped. Sit at the bar - you can't go here with more than 2 people anyways, and the bar actually affords you MORE space and privacy and you can also get a seat without a reservation.-Chickpea "fries" were amazing: little 2x4s of mashed chickpeas that had the consistency of creme brulee inside, breaded and fried. I had these at a tom douglas joint in seattle like 5 years ago but frances made them better times 10.-I usually avoid ordering chicken in restaurants (except zuni) but I had to try it here and was not disappointed.-lumberjack cake was a great winter dessert: spicy, nutty, warm, melty... mmm.-the only knock i would give is that the host insisted we wait 10 minutes for him to figure out how long the wait was, only to tell us that it would be another 45 minutes. boo.-Frances is the only restaurant I've wanted to go to 2 nights in a row...
Frances is a little neighborhood restaurant tucked away near the corner of 17th Street and Noe in Castro. A couple of months ago, I had read a glowing review of this place and promptly went to make a reservation on open-table. Lo and behold the only reservation I got was for the 15th of April, which was more than 2 months away. If that was not bad enough, the only seating time available was 10:00 pm. Intrigued by its popularity and the fact that it was my wife's birthday, i jumped on the reservation and waited patiently for the 15th to roll around.The day arrived and while I was eager to get to Frances and experience what all the hype was about, I also dreaded the thought of searching for parking in Castro. We couldn't risk being late to the restaurant as we were going to be up against the kitchen-closing time; so we set out early and left ourselves plenty of room to hunt around for parking. As luck would have it, we found parking almost immediately on arrival and right at the corner of 17th and Noe. We were at the restaurant an hour earlier than our reservation and were hoping to find an empty table left behind by a couple of hurried diners. As we entered we saw a small room that was packed to the gills. There were a couple of seats at the bar and the maitre d' suggested that he could seat us at the bar and would serve us dinner there. We didn't like the idea, but there was no other establishment in sight that we could while away an hour. So we decided to sit at the bar, drink some wine and order some appetizers until our table freed up. Once seated, we were treated to a series of pleasant surprises that started with the wine. We learned that the beverage Director at Frances likes to blend his own wines and serves it straight out of the barrel. Actually, it comes out of a tap at the bar and you pay a dollar an ounce, which seemed like a ridiculously low price for a restaurant of this caliber. I asked what wines were blended together and was told that one of the components was a Barolo. I didn't need to hear anymore. The waiter opened a tap and poured the wine into a nice slender carafe that looked more like a vase with little markings on the side that helped you keep track of the ounces that you had quaffed. I enjoyed every drop of the wine and would have had more if I didn't have to drive back home. After I was back home I found out more about the house wine at Frances in this NY Times article from almost a year ago, nytimes.com/2010/04/30/d. We started out with a couple of bouchees, which refers to a small pastry in French and literally means mouthful. We ordered the popular applewood smoked bacon beignets. and with the first couple of bites, realized why Frances has skyrocketed in popularity in the less than a year and a half of its existence.They were light and fluffy with a smoky flavor imparted by tiny pieces of bacon. The grilled calamari with meyer lemon, red carrots and fennel were refreshingly tart and got our palates begging for more. The roasted fennel and white bean soup was simply delicious and the crispy anchovies on the top provided the perfect level of saltiness and crunch to the soup. The grilled escarole and radicchio with a little topping of anchovies were exquisite as well.For the main course we had the caramelized atlantic scallops with sunchoke puree and the halibut with kale, chorizo and butter beans. Both the scallops and halibut were perfectly done, the former being firm but juicy and the later was moist and flaky. The sunchoke puree was a perfect complement to the sweet scallops and the chorizo provided a nice foil to the halibut.One of the benefits of sitting at the bar facing the kitchen, was that you could see the different desserts being plated out before they were served. So when it was time for dessert my wife knew exactly what she wanted -- the lumberjack cake, which has apple, medjool dates and maple-walnut icecream. At this point, the chef, Melissa Perello could do no wrong and the dessert lived up to the high standards that were set previously. If you didn't figure out by now, let me tell you that we enjoyed sitting at the bar, chatting with the bartender and watching some of the food prep and were so cozy there that we didn't want to move to another table even when one happened to free up. One other nice touch that Frances has created is the "market shot". They mix the juice of fresh fruit that the market offers along with some alcohol and unleash their creative juices to serve a nice little "shot". By the time I got around to ordering one, they were out of it, but the friendly maitre d' didn't want us to leave without experiencing this unique aspect of Frances. He created a special margarita with agave liquor and a bunch of other mixings that capped one of the best dining experiences we have had in a very long time. By now I am sure you get my drift. Do I still need to say that I highly recommend this place?
Simply amazing. The food was superb, and service was warm and friendly. Every course hit its mark--a rarity even in the finest restaurants. Prices are reasonable for this quality of food. I would return here in a heartbeat--especially for the chocolate clafoutis with salted caramel ice cream!
Food was ok, I've had better. Owner or manager, who ever he is was not attentive (he was our waiter as well). Had to ask for bread, he didn't remember so had to ask twice. While we were waiting he asked everyone, but us if we wanted a glass of wine. Pretty much he sucked. I expect great service if I'm going to pay as much as I did for mediocre food.
I really enjoyed Frances. The food is lovely. And we loved the $1 per ounce of wine option. For the first time in my life, I didn't have to make a decision of whether to order by the bottle or by the glass.  Such a customer friendly idea. The SF Chronicle gave Frances three stars overall and I think the review by Bauer was SPOT ON. Quality food, quality experience, though a tad expensive. Thanks to the chef and team for creating another winning restaurant in SF.
Wow this was hands down the most creative and inspired meal I have eaten in a long time!The service was good, the vino great,. the room loud but I cant wait to go back and I am soon:)Its worth the 6-8 week wait to get in too.Amazing and delicious
I want to love this place, I really do. I have had some super tasty dishes - excellent calamari salad and scrumptious desserts... and the host is so nice when you get there. I have been a few times and have found the food to be consistently good- sometimes outstanding, sometimes just good. They sell a house red and a house white for $1 an ounce and I LOVE this idea. It makes it so easy to try some red, try some white, and drink as much or as little as you want. I hope other places give this a try too!I have been there four times, the first three times closer to when they opened and the most recent time was this month. Every single time I have gone, the dinner has lagged on too long with really REALLY long pauses between courses. The most recent time I went, I think we were at the table 10 or 15 minutes before we could order a drink and over 40 minutes passed between our salads and our entrees. On a Friday night, I can handle a slow drawn out dinner, sipping wine and chatting... BUT this was a week night, and I had a busy day at work the next day! If they could work out those kinks, I would love this place.... but since these issues have been there since day one and persist to this day, I don't know how hopeful I am. If you're not uptight about such things- I wholeheartedly recommend.
One of the best dining experiences I have had in San Francisco in a long time. The food, the wine and the wait staff was wonderful (Thanks Sara). Will definitely be back if I can get in.  Michelin star is well deserved.
I went to Frances for the first time on Christmas Eve with a friend. We got in because there was a cancellation. The best Christmas gift one could ever get. The pri-fix menu that night was extraordinary. The chickory salad was complex and delicious. The dungeness crab cannelloni was elegant and diverse, the lamb was exquisite. I split my last butter bean on my plate with my friend. The English Toffee cake WOW!! By far one of the best meals I have had in my 51 years of life.
so good! (all right!) so good!everything we ate was good! some things we ate were great! even the desserts were worth it.service was just a little slower than "relaxed" and we were occasionally spiteful of our neighbors for getting their food first. it's a small place, small kitchen, and the kitchen is paying a lot of attention, so that might just be the price you pay.oh! also! we made a reservation with opentable. frances's reservationist called me to confirm it. i didn't answer the phone because i never answer calls from "unknown numbers". SO THEY TEXTED ME!!! THAT WAS SO AWESOME! really, shouldn't OT make it easy for restaurants to email a confirmation request?
This place is a nice spot to have a semi formal elegant dinner at. They have become famous for their market shots, bacon beignets, and their chickpea fritters which I concur with. Their staff is fast, informative, and extremely friendly too. Their main entrees didn't really do it for me but were okay. Most of their food is decadent and unique. Best thing I really liked were the fresh market shots which were refreshing and tasty.
Amazing food, couldn't have been better.... Loved every second of the food ambiance and the service.
Went for my mom's birthday. was perfect. the food is delicious. very un-pretentious but incredibly well made. Need to make reservation far in advance though!
Undoubtedly the best new restaurant to have opened in 2009!The food is labeled as New American, but I have to say that it is much more inventive than you would think. The albondigas are to die for on the appetizer list. This place is rather small and narrow, and you may feel like you are having dinner with the table next to you, but if you don't mind cozy-ing it up...it's well worth it!
We finally made it here after a 2 month reservation. It was a nice cozy little joint with a small bar area, a round table for small parties by the front window, and small tables for two that they can put together for parties of three or more. We got seated fairly quickly and got our complimentary almonds and sparkling water. For drinks we tried the homemade 7 up that was so so and the market shot that was sooooo refreshing (a must try). After a little irritating wait to take our order we finally got our 1st dish.The Panisse Frites was something else, creamy dense center that was battered and perfectly fried on the outside with a dipping sauce that you could drink. For our appetizer we got the Carnaroli Risotto which was crazy good, we were trying to compare it with the lobster risotto @ Gary Danko (Gary D wins by a nose). For our entree's we ordered the Halibut cooked perfectly with a sauce w/ clams and the organic chicken that was so tender and juicy. We also ordered a side of squash that was sliced thin with basil and what tasted like dried garlic shreds. Yum yum! Last but not least we ordered the Lumberjack cake with ice cream from Humphry Slocombe, Dammmmm that satisfied our sweet tooth. WARNING if your a diabetic this is not for you, it must have like a cup of sugar the single slice of cake. Minus one star because of the 15 minute wait when our server finally came and took our order (my wife checked her watch.)
Perfection.
Awesome place. The general manager was down to earth and made us feel right at home. Went with a party of four and we shared everything family style. The entrees are very rich so splitting them was perfect. Loved the scallops and the calamari salad. There are plenty of vegetarian options too.
Had heard about Frances a few months back-- amazing reviews, so we decided to check it out. -6:30 reservation on a Wednesday night.I asked for a glass of unoaked Chardonnay- -which they delivered, a wonderful French wine. My friend had the market shot, which was a delight-- just right.Server was just right also... he knew when to come over, everything was appropriate, friendly, and timed nicely.I started off with the Grilled Asparagus Salad. My friend had the Little Gem Salad and Grilled Calamari.  The flavors were incredible.For the main dish I had the Northern Halibut and he had the Carmalized Atlantic Sea Scallops. The halibut was served on top of Chorizo and butter beans-- talk about good stuff!!We decided to split dessert and went for the Chocolate and Ricotta Mousse with roasted Burlat Cherries, pistachios, and creme fraische.Literally- a puff cloud of yummy in my mouth.I do recommend coming here-- you will love it.It is a bit loud--- and smallish, which I like a lot.I will return!
Been here twice and the food is as good as any restaurant I have ever been to. Foodie heaven.
I didn't actually stay here to eat, but just to purchase the lumberjack cake to go. I had doubts considering that I'm not a huge fan of dates, but that ended up complementing the dessert so well! The maple ice cream was so on point, and the cake itself had a nice maple-coffee taste to it that I just absolutely enjoyed. I absolutely recommend that dessert!
Great food. Good service and nice to sit at the bar with a good view of the kitchen. Had four courses with sides, all delicious. Squid ink tagliatelle and the duck entree were highlights. Will definitely come back net time I'm in town.
WOW from the moment we walked in until the moment we left. Hands down the best dinning experience I have ever had.
Innovative, elegant cuisine. Great service, wonderful ambience. Moved to San Francisco recently and this has been the standout meal... go!
Quite possibly one of the best values in the city. Me, while eating the maple bacon beignets with creme fraiche and chives: "I wish I could have these everyday, but I'd probably die" My dining companion: "Of what? Bliss?". For a michelin star restaurant,Frances was incredibly unpretentious and approachable food. Make sure you get the spiked shots! and the wine by the oz. You can get drunk, pig out, and still manage to keep your bill pretty low.
I've been to Frances three times in its young month-open life and I am thrilled to have it in the Castro. Melissa Perello has made a warm and inviting atmosphere with lovely staff and amazing food. I went recently with a former chef and we were both delighted by the fantastic flavors and perfect amount of attention from the staff. We started off with the yam frites and beignets which were fantastic, and then I had the slow roasted beef (and I'm not much of a carnivore) which was incredible. Worth every penny. I plan on visiting often and taking all my out of town guests for a real treat. Reservations are encouraged for a great experience.
We scored a last minute reservation via open table, we did not realize how lucky we were. The beet salad with avocado and sesame was delicious. the squid ink past also excellent. The steak was perfect. The bacon beignets, the trout equally perfect. Service and wine were also very good.
In all fairness, I had a 5 star experience here. Came with a good friend for a last minute dinner (we walked in and sat at the bar) and generally had a wonderfully warm quiet dinner.However, if I am rating Frances as a restaurant and not my own experience, I give it 3 stars. Why? The food. It's not bad at all, but well, it's not great, especially when you consider all the amazing options in SF!We had:The bacon beignets A-Challah B-Side of potatoes B-Steak B (well cooked meat, but accompanying sauce was "eh")Clafoutis AThe ambience was surprisingly cold - I recommend sitting at the bar as opposed to waiting 10 years for a table to become available. Service was good.
my, my, my...my friend yelled, "quick! get ahead of her!" i ran out of the car and flew past a girl and startled another to-be diner who was just opening the door for himself...all to put our names on the list first. victory!on a bustling 8:30pm friday night for bar seats the friendly host said it would just be a small 15-20min wait. no matter, i was armed with a full bodied cabernet and was ready for the highly caloric onslaught but so bloody worth it meal.everything was on the omg planet so there is no real need to describe each flavor. just order everything!1. bacon beignets with fresh maple cream2. pork trotters - a very elegant prep - no worries, you can't tell that they are made of piggie feet.3. ricotta gnocchi with morel mushrooms4. polenta side was the best ever!5. grilled asparagus salad - no wine goes well with asparagus but we couldn't pass it up6. crepe cannelloni with spinach and mushrooms. underline crepe since this is not a pasta.7. lumberjack cake with maple walnut icecream...you had me at slocombe.intimate equals tiny so if you sit at the bar in front of the bartender - avoid the corner spot. i had to gently push the barstool of the diner behind me with my back several times.small, loud, hard to get rezzies, and with kick @$s food, frances just simply rocks!
The tables are so close, each table must be pulled away from the seating banquette so that you can sit. Then, the table is pushed in to confine you to you seat. Since the neighboring tables are so very close,and the noise level in the restaurant was high, my dinner guest and I were not able to have the conversation that we wanted to. The next table was essentially sharing our table. The food was amazing. But, the portions were tiny. The service left a lot to be desired.
Frances lives up to the hype. We went as a party of five and the menu was small enought that it was logical to just order one of everything (always wanted to do that). Everything was prepared/presented perfectly and most importantly, the flavors were fantastic and every dish complimented the next.The highlights were the crab salad, chicories & persimmon salad, the bavette and the scallops. Lowlight was the panna cotta. It was a little too sweet and citrusy for my tastes, but still I ate the whole thing.Definitely going back!
The sure sign of a very good evening is that I can't keep myself from repeatedly exclaiming, "I like this place!" Well, I really liked this place!** Grits - If you are a fan of Anson Mills grits...then this will be the best $6 you ever spent. Served straight-up, as a side dish, you can mix and match with your other dishes. Awesome! Try the grits with the creamed greens, also on the side.** House "made" filtered sparkling water - yummy. Why don't I see this more places? ** Bacon beignets with chive creme fraiche - Ours were impeccable...but you need to make sure you get them as soon as they come out. Our table neighbors didn't get theirs ASAP and they lost something in those few minutes before they got to the table. ** Albondigas con Salsa Verde - tender and subtle. woah!** Chestnut soup - not too sweet, creamy...also subtle. It's so nice to have a dish that's got complex flavor but doesn't whack you over the head with it. Very tastfully garnished with greens, pancetta and cipollini onions.They say the menu changes. The menu on the night we were there was substantially like the sample menu that's posted online. Didn't get to try the desserts, but will do so next time. The house red was tasty, drinkable, a pretty good deal too at $1/ounce. The warm rosemary sage almonds we were served shortly after being seated were a really nice, savory touch.The service was great from my vantage point (we had a great server), but heard some others grumbling (in the small space it's hard to miss it). I think they may be trying to create a relaxed, unrushed atmosphere...so if you like to get your meal going kind of quickly...you need to say something.
Yep, it is that good. Finally after trying to snag a reservation for months, was able to get one. Everything was great. Tables are very close together but did not bother us. The house red wine was surprisingly good. Would definitely recommend it.
Frances is destined to a SF classic! Chef Melissa does not disappoint with her simple, seasonal, Californian-inspired menu. Everything we had was executed to perfection:Bacon beignets - blissful balls of fried dough w/ bits of bacon - perfect starter to the eveningChickpea fritters with meyer lemon aioli - crispy pieces chickpea fries - deliciously addictingGrilled calamari w/ morels and olives - perfectly cooked calamari - just like the ones I had in GreeceRicotta gnocchi - fluffy clouds of potato that just melted in your mouthChicken w/ green garlic - the most tender piece of chicken I've ever hadCrepe Cannelloni w/ mushrooms - stuffed w/ savory spinach and wild rampsPerhaps one of my favorite parts of the meal is how tasty and affordable the House Wine was priced. A custom blend made just for Frances, the house wine was only $1 per oz. It's served in a pitcher w/ ounce markers so you control how much you drink. Genius! While it is difficult to get a dinner reservation at Frances, the restaurant does have a small bar area that is reserved for walk-in's only. Either go early or late to avoid the dinner crowd. You'll be glad you tried this place.
Off the charts. Have been to great SF places recently, but this is simply the best. A bargain for what you get. Wonderful people and service. Inventive food, but never just for the sake of being inventive -- the ideas here *work*. Almost always you get something that stands out as better than you thought possible. When not, then you get something that's just as good as you thought possible. Lobster risotto was wonderful in the depth of the combination of lemon and butter infused throughout. Baby Kale salad -- I never thought this was possible, but possibly the best salad I've had. Rare steak was fantastic. This place is the best.
Restaurant opened late. No apology to crowd waiting outside. Host has issues. He chastised a table of four whom had been granted a same day reservation by the GM- because the GM didn't clear it with Mr. Pissy Pants. Like that was their problem?Food is mostly prepared and seasoned well- just no wow factor to any of the dishes. Beignets are good, but adding bacon to a dish is hardly the height of creativity. Calamari is advertised as roasted, but looks and tastes poached- not a single element of carmelization or crispiness that one would expect from something roasted. Tomato white bean soup lacked depth of flavor. Chicken mousse was standard. Chicken was chickeny. Lamb had gristle/connective tissue on the end that would have been trimmed off before cooking by a more attentive chef. It was also tough. Won't be going back. I would reccomend this restaurant if it were in Modesto, but given the choices of amazing restaurants in SF, would never even think about reccomending it.
4.5 stars.i've been trying to get a reservation to frances for the past year but to no avail. fortunately, my friend randomly got a reservation last minute and i jumped at the chance! frances felt very warm and cozy as soon as i walked in. it's a smaller space but not as teeny as some reviewers previously mentioned.we started off with the house blend red wine. i really dig the concept of pouring your own amount at $1/oz. for the meal itself, my friend and i shared the infamous bacon beignets, the torttoloni, and the northern halibut. the bacon beignets lived up to the hype! they were light and fluffy and went perfectly with the maple creme fraiche and chive dip-YUM. the bacon flavor was actually fairly subtle, which made this dish well balanced. i could eat these all day.the torttoloni was also delicious. the pasta itself was cooked perfectly and the marscapone and meyer lemon sauce was actually very light for a cream sauce.the halibut was perfectly cooked, buttery, flaky and went amazingly well with the morel mushrooms, pea ragout, bacon, and cippolini onions. i love this dish!it's refreshing to dine at a michelin star rated restaurant that is very quaint and casual. frances lived up to all the hype for me and i'll definitely make it part of my regular rotation (if i can get a reservation again).
Over a month to get a reservation here so the expectations were pretty high. Well it was worth the wait. The Beignets that everyone talks about were the 1st bites we tried and it was good. No mouth orgasm but it was good! I liked the appies the best...they were extremely fresh and a great blend of flavors. I'm talking about the asparagus salad, the grilled calamari salad and the pasta salad. These three dishes to me, really sets the place apart and it's what I remember most about the meal. I tried two entree's, the chicken & the scallops. The chicken was forgettable but the scallops were excellent. Carmelized tastiness!! Ambiance and service were great. Coming back for sure!
Let me start off this review with what i hate. i hate people that hover around the door of a restaurant that has not opened yet. Peering anxiously into the darkened establishment at 5:01, shaking their heads negatively and whispering furtively to their companions will not get door opened or the lights turned on any faster. what ass clowns.i mean they seriously had their faces pressed up against the plate glass window with their hands cupped around their eyes to "see" what was going on inside.i thought maybe Oprah was inside giving away free trips to australia.on to the food.the beignets were as good if not better than i expected though jovanie and adrienne both said it was denser than a beignet should be. i told them both to suck it. they got the chicken liver mousse and said it was delicious. i also got the ricotta gnocchi. it was amazing. i got the chicken which is cooked sous vide. ive had chicken sous vide once before and i was on the fence on whether i liked it or not. this chicken pushed me over onto the like side of sous vide chicken. the polenta with it was a religious experience. Their wine was so good,as was their specialty drinks. i had their summer breeze,i think it was called. it was really good. jovanie got their champagne drink which wasn't as sweet but still tasty. their iced tea is made to order and tastes it.it was refreshing. the service couldn't have been better. the waiter offered me a dessert which wasn't on the menu which i ended up loving him for, a salted chocolate ice cream with a macaroon on top and brownie on the bottom.i literally had tears of joy in my eyes. or it was just the two carafes of wine talking, but either way, it was worth the 6 week wait. Oh,i forgot to say that adrienne ordered the panna cotta dessert and it ended up being not what she expected so she didn't eat very much of it. we told the waiter that she wasn't a big fan of it and he just said"ill take it off the bill" just like that. we didn't even have to ask and he didn't make a big deal over it.why cant every dining experience be just like that?it was a perfect experience from start to finish . thank you everyone at Frances!!!!
Very cool restaurant. I love the space, the waiters are clearly knowledgeable and the place runs like a high-end restaurant but with more of a casual feel. I loved that they just brought sparkling water and it's in it's own bottle (if I remember correctly, made onsite?)The food, while nothing to complain about, wasn't quite as good as i was expecting. We had the beignets and the chicken wings (off menu) and both were great, but again, not unbelievable.My husband and I were happy with our steak and fish dishes and it seemed that the couple we were dining with really enjoyed their dinner. The wine was great and although only my husband looked, I think they had a good selection.I think 4 stars is solid. This is a great place and I would probably go back again as I think they have the service, decor, feel and overall potential to be a top restaurant, but reality is that the food was not quite up there. Definitely not on the level of the restaurants you'll find up in Yountville and surroundings, but a great option for SF.
popularity and requisite reservation issues aside, i am so glad we finally made it to frances. patrick could have reviews of his own as an entity and presence in the restaurant. he's so charming and hospitable - especially in reaction to not being ready for us, come reservation time - he almost incentivizes them being behind schedule. hmmm, makes me think........whenever i go to mitchells i take two numbers, one for us and one for some lucky couple that walks in around the time our number is called. so they don't have to wait a half hour. maybe when i go to frances next (which won't be for, like, a year, apparently) i'll have our party purposely linger so the next party can have some time chatting with patrick over everflowing wine and treats. hehe.  oh, duh, the food. we got a lot of it. but i only want to tell you about the white corn soup. and all that i want to tell you about it is that it's totally and entirely delicious. and that i talk about it like it epitomizes the restaurant, what a stroke of genius those tomato bombs are, its dizzying paradoxes: rich but airy, simple but complex, as a means to convince my parents to move to california, as my new best friend. but lets be honest: i use any excuse i can to bring it up in conversation since i ate it so i can to relive it's deliciousness. "oh i loved that scene in inception too! the slow motion falling totally brought me back to how i felt eating this delicious corn soup at frances....the basil in my mouth folded up *just* like that manhattan street did when ellen page willed it to." (four stars instead of five because our salad dressing was overpoweringly vinegary/acidic for the gem lettuces and such and the crepe canneloni too salttttttty. from two people that could eat pickles and capers for breakfast.)
*placeholder review, will edit when I have time*-panisse frites- aka fried hummus. sauce ok, i preferred w a squeeze of meyer lemon-challah w veggies and cheese- so good-white corn, dill, onion soup!!- salty but amazing-lamb-spinach, leek, mushroom crepe canneloni-pot de creme w cookies- fleur de sel!!!great service, happy staff, cute 'hood.GO TO FRANCES
I haven't written a review on Yelp in over a year. But once again another stellar restaurant brings me out of retirement. Before all the hype and attention I had a reservation at Frances that I had to cancel. I regretted that once all the accolades started piling up and I couldn't get a reservation on OpenTable for two months. I've honestly never seen any restaurant that said no available reservations for 8 weeks. It was insane. Can it really be THAT good? The answer is yes. This is the type of restaurant you can go back to over and over because the food is so comforting. The staff is ridiculously friendly and warm. And the GM Patrick was one of the nicest and most helpful restaurant managers I've ever met. It was clear that they also put a lot of detail ambiance and decor. From the window white board by the bar with the drinks to the light fixtures with beautiful filaments, I felt like I was in a space that Restoration Hardware would be proud of. I also loved the wine by the ounce concept . $1 per ounce and you can drink as much as you like. BIG fan of this! Did I mention the food was fantastic?Melissa Perello from Fifth Floor has come up with a menu that really soothes the soul. We basically ordered all of the bouchees except for one. The bacon beignets were most definitely deserving of all the hype. They reminded me of hush puppies laced with a smoky bacon flavor. When dipped in the cool maple creme fraiche dipping sauce the confluence of sweet and savory were even more sublime. The Panisse Frites were crispy on the outside but creamy on the inside. The textures coupled with the tanginess of the meyer lemon aioli were perfect. Next up was the grilled calamari. These were so unexpectedly soft and tender and I even enjoyed the beans which I'm usually not a fan of. The final bouchee to come out was the crisp pork trotters. Wow. These were like little piggie feet cakes that I could eat for days. All of the bouchees were excellent, but my favorites were probably the pork trotters and the panisse frites.At this point we were getting a bit full when the ricotta gnocchi were served. These soft morsels of heaven were very tasty and just the right portion (about eight gnocchi). I appreciated that each of the portions was perfect for two people to share and not be overwhelmed by. We had also ordered the Watson Farm Spring Lamb, but after the first five dishes, we didn't think we could handle anymore without having to skip dessert. And even then we weren't sure we could handle dessert! We ended up canceling the lamb even though we didn't think it would be possible this far into the meal. The waitress was so accommodating and said it was no problem at all. This is where things got interesting. I had kinda talked Patrick the GM up a bit when we sat down and I think that made him feel comfortable enough to ask us if we wouldn't mind moving to the bar for dessert because a table of four was waiting and the table next to us was empty. My date and I didn't mind at all and I know how hard it is when no one moves to get a four top to open up when it's that busy and people wait 2 months for a reservation. They were so thankful that the desserts and extra wine were on the house. Patrick even brought out this house muscat that he had been working on that was delicious. He went above and beyond by offering to give us a reservation for 2-6 anytime we wanted. For the hardest table to get in San Francisco right now, I'd say it was a pretty darn good deal just to move to the bar! They really understand service here. Each of the waitstaff that we interacted with was kind and courteous. I've eaten at a lot of restaurants and they were really exceptional. We finished off our dinner with the almond and semolina crostata and the buttermilk panna cotta. Both were outstanding. The rhubarb in the crostata wasn't overly tart and matched perfectly with the creme fraiche ice cream. I will definitely be back here again and again. Especially now that we scored another reservation from Patrick!
We made reservations two months ago for dinner at 7:30 on a Saturday evening. We arrived on time to find two parties with 7:00 reservations and a party with 7:30 reservations standing in the crowded doorway still waiting to be seated.Our host told us our table would soon be ready. Several conversations and 40 minutes later, we left.This place is way too big for its' britches and riding on the coattails of a favorable Michael Bauer review.They could have made the situation better by comping us a glass of wine while we waited for our very overbooked table, but no...that's not their policy.What hubris, to keep a dozen or so people standing around so they can maximize their profit margin. I will not be going back anytime soon. There are many great places to eat in SF that better understand how to treat their guests. Don't waste your time on this overcrowded spot of the moment.
My first trip to Yelp helped me find this jewel and I am forever grateful. We (2 of us) called the night of, were informed that there were no reservations available, but if we wanted to wait for a bar seat we were more than welcome. We did so and didn't even have to wait very long. Then one of the best meals of our lifetime was brought to us! We sat "courtside" as they called it, (the bar seats facing the kitchen), drank their house wine in carafes, loved the "market shot", the bacon beignets were EPIC as advertised, my beef was perfection (that's what she said), and the desert was amazing. Molten chocolate with bananas that we watched them torch like creme brulee right in front of us. Staff, 10, Food, 10, Overall experience 10. A trip to San Fran is incomplete without a trip to FRANCES!!!!
Magician? Exorcist? Chef Melissa Perello manages to raise the bar on the Castro restaurant scene while chasing the poltergeist from this formerly cursed location. Well done. Had my birthday dinner here and left feeling absolutely spoiled by the excellent service and the fit-for-a-king food. Lardo wrapped cod and bacon beignets...it's as if the chef was reading this bacon lover's mind. Excellent wine recommended by our server went so well with each of our courses. Can't wait to return.
YES PLEASE.can't wait to go back.
I like a restaurant where the owner is active on the floor and is happy to have you dine with them.The chocolate clafoutis is a gorgeous gooey mess. Calamari salad was served in an unassuming little dish with some nice flavors. Wine by the ounce works, except the rose needs a little more attention. I understand why they are so busy and why not everyone loves them, but for the spouse and I it was a great evening.
Incredible meal....finally got a reservation and took some friends from out of town (Boston) to boot. Service, food, and ambiance are top notch and is probably the reason why it's so hard to get in to. A tip to note, if you're 1 or 2 doing a walk-in, the restaurant has bar sitting that will easily accommodate last minute diners. The menu was so outstanding that we ended up (4 of us) ordering almost everything on the menu to try. Oh also, the restaurant has a no-more than 6 policy for reservations - and its understandable with the space they have to work with.
We had a reservation for Valentine's Day. We were seated promptly at our reservation time. Our waiter Joe was the BEST. We had the beneits, kale salad, soup, steak entree, lumberjack and stout chocolate cakes plus the wine on tap. Couldn't have asked for anything better!
I don't have much to say about Frances besides it's extremely hard to get a reservation there, the venue was tiny and ordinary, price was not too bad, and the food was just okay. Conclusion: I will not be going back there again.
Frankly, had a mixed experience. Here's what we had:- Bacon Beignets: Don't know what all the fuss is about; these things were mundane, nothing special, boring.- Grilled Calamari salad. Very nice. Calamari was fresh, the citrusy dressing was a winner. Tasty.- Grilled asparagus salad. Ok, nice, but unimpressive. Nothing special.- Scallops entree. Very tasty, excellent sauce, a winning dish. But 3 scallops for $22? Where's the value?Stick to the small plates that are winners, and you won't be disappointed. Otherwise...
Good luck getting a reservation here! My advice: show up to the restaurant by 6pm with a small party and sit at the bar. I've been lucky twice now and haven't had to wait yet! If you're fortunate enough to get in, order one of everything as the menu rotates and you won't want to miss any of the amazing dishes. If you're a fan of bacon (who's not a fan?!?) the applewood smoked bacon beignets are a staple on the menu and a must try. Feel free to skip the market shots (you won't miss much) and order a bottle of wine from their LENGTHY list or bring your own (only $15 corkage). The intimate atmosphere of this neighborhood gem combined with the phenomenal food and impeccable service is not to be missed. Without a doubt this is one of my top restaurants.
Tasty meal at an intimate restaurant.We had the beignets and beet salad to start. Dizzang were the beignets tasty. Perfect level of savory with just a bit of sweet in the dressing. Beet salad was super tasty, but not out of the ordinary.I had the crab salad and shrimp dish (both off the appetizer menu) for my meal. When I asked if the shrimp was enough for a meal, the waiter even offered to ask the kitchen to make a full-size meal out of it. The shrimp itself was fine, but oh my goodness was its sauce tasty. Had to order an extra piece of bread so I could sop it all up! My date had the duck and loved it. I took a bite and it didn't bowl me over, but he seemed pretty happy with it.For dessert we had the chocolate clafouti. My date loved it. I thought it was tasty, but I've had plenty of desserts that bowled me over more. I think the kumquat was such a strong flavor that it distracted from the subtlety of the chocolate (yes, I said subtle chocolate). However, in retrospect, citrus and chocolate has never been one of my favorite pairings, so maybe I should have ordered something else.The wait staff was friendly and attentive. No pressure from them when I was being indecisive yet they didn't forget our table forever when we asked them to come back in a minute.All in all comfortable, tasty, and a pleasant experience.
Sitting at the counter on my 2nd visit was a great treat. The service and experience was a pleasure. We ordered a variety of small plates, and every single one was FANTASTIC! Their house wine is lovely and served by the carafe, and charged upon consumption. LOVE THIS!
Finally got reservations here. I can see why it is always booked! The place is small and very cozy. Food was great. The Beignets were a bit over rated but everything else was good.
My husband and I decided to give this place a try after he heard some good things about Frances. And after trying it, my feelings are mixed feelings. The portions were quite small and the food service was a tad slow (although they do have a small kitchen), but the food quality is excellent. The overall experience (taking into account price, ambience, seating, and service) was "a-ok".
Something about this quaint and cozy little place makes you want to go back! I would walk past this place for months on my way to the gym and never quite understood what the hullabaloo was till we finally made it in. Getting reservations is really hard but once you get your foot in the door, you'll be glad you did. The food was excellent. Not too many choices but the limited options do cater for everyone. We had their bacon beignets which lived up to their rave reviews but everything on the menu was splendid! Personally, I think the warmth of the staff had a lot to do with the experience!
I turned 30. Gah! I figured a nice dinner was called for, so I stopped in a Frances. Being one-person, I figured a seat at the bar wouldn't be a horrible wait. I was correct and seated after about 2 minutes of waiting. I am not quite sure who was the "host" at the restaurant since everyone was running around (or if there even was a host), but I was greeted promptly and a seat was arranged.I started with the applewood smoked bacon beignets which were absolutely divine. Perfectly cooked with just the right about of bacon taste (for those thinking it wasn't enough, I would suggest simply eating bacon). Next, I had a grilled calamari salad. I was not sure if I would like this dish because it had fennel and radishes in the description and I'm not a huge fan of either, but I wanted to give it a try. There was no reason to worry, the vegetables and salad was perfectly constructed and delicate so as to highlight the flavor of the calamari. Yum! For my entre, I had the Five Dot Ranch Bavette Steak cooked to the chef's specifications of medium rare. Personally, I'm ore of a medium guy, but I'll give the chef a shot. The steak was cooked exactly medium rare and the flavor was well balanced with the accompanying farro and greens. If I had to do it again, I think I'd bump it up to medium to take care of some of the texture I don't care for (again, personal preference). I skipped desert because I was comfortably full, but next time I am determined to try some.Frances has house wine on-tap and you pay for what you drink, $1 an ounce. I drank the red and have no complaints.My service was pretty good. The waiter was around when needed and checked in and food was brought out without much disruption.Here is one gripe, and if I could take it down 1/2 a star, I would: the place is too crowded for it's size. While I didn't sit at a table, that area, especially along the wall looked a tad too-close-for-comfort to other tables. The spacing at the bar was okay, but could have done with one less bar stool, maybe two.
After reading through endless press & diner reviews of Frances, I knew I had to give it a try to see if it lived up to all the hype. Trying to make a reservation at this place is no easy task. We ended up settling for a 5:15pm slot on Friday night, which made me feel a bit like my grandparents, but the alternative was waiting until May for a normal time, so we bit the bullet!Frances has done a good job with a very small space. The decor is simple but very classy and the bathroom is beautiful, something many restaurants overlook.We were seated promptly and informed right away that their keg/tap system was broken and they would not be able to serve their ever-popular house wine or any draft beers - BUMMER! I know they can't control these sorts of things but nonetheless I was disappointed because for once I was looking to save a few bucks on the wine. I had read how wonderful the service was in many reviews, but I have to say that I think we had the worst waiter in the place. He was not attentive, had zero personality, knew little or nothing about the wine or food, and made no effort to check in on us. I looked around with envy as all the other tables were being pampered by smiling staff. For this, I had to deduct one star.However, despite the service, the food was delicious! We opted to order a whole bunch of items and share everything. We started with the bacon beignets, panisse frites, and pork trotters. The beignets and pannise frites were decadent, I could have had a whole meal of just those! The trotters on the other hand were quite disappointing. When they arrived, they resembled more of a pureed pig part crabcake than a trotter. The consistency was mushy and the flavor was bordering on offensive.We moved on to the gnocchi which were impossibly light and fluffy with a hint of garlic, cheesy goodness and some very finely chopped broccoli. They were just shy of perfect, as they needed some acid, perhaps from a quick grating of lemon peel. From the entrees, we decided on the duck breast. I've had a lot of duck in a lot of restaurants and this was by far the best. The skin was crispy perfection and the meat was a succulent medium-rare and incredibly tender. We also ordered a side of broccoli with anchovies and lemon which had great texture. I think they actually flash fry it then sautee in olive oil with the anchovy and lemon. The result was very salty, but in a good way!We finished the meal with the lumberjack cake with maple-walnut ice cream. I wasn't sure what to expect but what we got was a great end to a great meal. The cake was moist and light with a little pear and date and a subtle molasses/brown sugar flavor. The ice cream (from Humphrey Slocombe) was a great compliment, although I wonder why such a nice restaurant wouldn't make their own.Overall, this was a great dining experience. The food lived up to the hype and I can't wait to go back in a few months when the menu is changed for Spring and try a whole new list of dishes. If you're even considering eating here in the future, make your reservations now because I imagine the waiting list is only going to continue to grow!
In a nutshell, this place is great for the food- it's magical- but the management of service leaves a little more to be desired at that price point.I made reservations and requested in the comments section (because you can only make reservations on the computer through opentable.com and not over the phone), to not be seated near any doorways, windy areas, or restrooms. However, when we showed up we were seated near the restroom. I was immediately disappointed. We have difficulty eating when we are near restrooms. But we tried to enjoy the night anyway. The second thing I recalled when we first sat down was that the professionalism of the service was not that high. They did not seem as genuinely friendly and in fact, seemed a little bit snooty to us. However, when the food came out it was AMAZING. That made up somewhat for the disappointments we faced in the beginning. Also, it helped that we drank some wine and got a little buzz so we could ignore the fact that we were near the restroom and could smell the scent of the restroom from where we were seated. (Not human waste per se, but the signature scent of a restroom which reminds you of it.)In conclusion, the food is amazing- the chef is a true talent, and the kitchen is probably well run. I think management of what's outside of the kitchen needs a little boost. The servers need to be a little less snooty, also honoring an advance request to not be near the restroom would be helpful!, and an easy fix would be to place a nice black velvet curtain up to block view of the restroom from the tables near them. This place would have been my #1 fine dining so far, but the restroom and general mood of the place (mild snootiness) kicked it down a couple of notches. I think this place has lots of potential and the food is truly stellar.
I think we just went in with impossibly high expectations, so we came away slightly disappointed. The biggest disappointments:* steak was stringy, chewy, not very good. For such a pricey restaurant, I really didn't expect this!* the bacon beignets are very greasy on the inside, and lack flavor. They could use some spice - jalapeno might work.Everything else was delicious, ESPECIALLY the spring leek and baby spinach soup - YUMMY!!!! we also had the salmon - quite delicious.and they start you off with a small dish of warm nuts - very savory and perfect.Decor is lovely ( i LOVE the wine bottles arranged on the wall) and the overall ambience of the restaurant.Service was impeccable. We were on time for our table but still had to wait 20 minutes (nobody's fault, the patrons just weren't leaving) so our incredibly gracious host gave us complimentary wine.I'd go back, but I just won't have the steak or bacon b's again.
I just want to say that this was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had, and I live in NYC and have traveled throughout Europe, and extensively throughout Italy. I'm not bragging, I'm just saying Frances is SO good and definitely holds it's own!!! This is my first post and just wanted to write a review to say that the service in particular was stellar, because I noticed some compaints. Everyone seems to agree that the food and wine is amazing, but so is the staff. They were attentive and accommodating in the perfect way, nothing invasive, and very sincere. We were treated like a million bucks, but really spent hardly any money. The bill came to what in NYC would get you a mediocre meal/wine/service. Hence, greatest dining experience. OK, go get that reservation, or don't : I want to be able to get one next time I'm in town!!
Fantastic food my Melissa here. Soulful food. Love the bacon beignets!
Amazing, mouth watering dishes. Friendly and warm service. Loved all seven dishes that we tried!
Frances is a perfect fit in our beautiful city.The food here is amazing and well executed. We started with the perfectly cooked mixed meat meatballs with spices. They were great but you have to ask for bread at Frances, it took some time to bring us some, so we can soak up the juices and spices. Then we tried the Gnocchi with Duck confit, this was the best Gnocchi I have ever tasted in the city, it was incredible. Then for entrees we tried the skate which was perfectly cooked and perfect with chorizo bits on it, also the chicken dish was so tender and perfectly cooked it came cut in medallions with this bread salad that was like Xmas stuffing. Yum. For dessert we had the chocolate tart with Humphrey Slocombe olive oil ice-cream. It was as good as the rest of the meal.The atmosphere is cozy and intimate although most of the tables are uncomfortably close to one another (we were lucky to be seated at one of the two tables that have a bit more privacy). The service was good but a little slow at times, which I can definitely forgive since the food is totally worth the wait.
Menu from to bottom is delicious, great service and ambiance. Definitely an excellent choice
Been discussed, been reviewed, been raved about, finally been there and done that.Been trying (off and on) to make a reservation at Frances for sometime, Friday night is date night, and was looking for a place to eat, and tried Frances on a lark at 5:00 . Guess what, a 7:30 reservation was open.Started out and it was already nighttime by the time we got to the restaurant.  Drove by and barely missed Frances, it was the only lighted business on the block.  Street parking is pretty tough out there. but after a few rounds around the 'hood, a space opened up a half a block away.The host graciously greeted us warmly and set the tone for the night.  The restaurant is fairly small, clean, and well-lighted with the seating pretty tight. Could almost rub elbows with your neighbors.It also has a smallish menu, but incorporates enough choices to please everyone. Started with two bouchees the grilled calamari, excellent,  and beet arugula salad. I would skip the beets although it was fresh it was nothing special.  For the appetizers, the celery root soup, slightly creamy with confit chicken with chanterelle mushrooms,  and Trottoloni Pasta, savory Pancetta and percorino, al dente pasta with a slight crackly crunch I think from the barely noticeable croutons, were outstanding and excellent. For entrees, we had the Sablefish and Duck breast, the Sablefish was cooked perfectly, crusty skin and moist slightly flaky flesh. very very good. The duck breast was just good.Our elbow neighbors had the Chocolate Almond "Clafoutis' Caramelized Banana,burnt Caramel, Salted Caramel Ice cream. So did we. wow that was delicious, finished off with blue bottle coffee in a carafeThe entrees at mid-high 20's are a little high but the foods is excellent. check for last second cancellations, and make sure you go there.......
This is a very popular place in the heart of the Castro. The food was fresh. We ordered the bacon beignets as starters with their drink specials. Then the grilled calamari salad came out, the portion was a little small but very fresh and tasty. I ordered the cod which was fresh and cooked perfectly, served with some veggies. The place is small and highly sought after so there is always a crowd. Advanced reservations highly recommended.
There's always an up & down for trying out new places. Always make room for not meeting expectations... This place is definitely very popular and too overly hyped but surely did not meet my expectations... Don't I'll be coming here again..
Went here a few nights back, and this place was busy! We had a reservation, and when we arrived our table was ready for us and we sat immediately. I liked they had a coat check room, and the staff seemed to be really on point. They have a sparse dinner menu, but a pretty thorough wine selection, and it took us longer to decide what we were going to drink than eat.We had the bacon beignets, and the rainbow beet salad for appetizers. I found that the beignets were nothing too exciting, but I did really love the beet salad. We ordered a bottle of wine, and at this point needed to order another bottle, but our server had disappeared. Our entrees came out, I ordered the steak, and once again, nothing special, but the side order of brussels sprouts were to die for. At this point, we're completely dry, and our waiter hasn't come to check on us or ask us how our food is, which was disappointing. We literally needed to flag someone down to get us another bottle of wine, and when the new bottle was poured, they did not remove our empty plates or old wine glasses. Pretty weak service. We hinted to the waiter we were disappointed with the service, and asked for some complimentary cookies which he did hook us up with. Overall, it was good, and will probably return.
Just had another amazing dinner at Frances. It has become my top 3. Great, small plates for sharing. The menu is so well planned that you almost want to order everything just to try it.The freshness of the ingredients are so appparent that you think she must have a garden nearby. I also love the size of the space. Feels like home.I could write a novel, but not my style. Just go amd find out for yourself.And, you must, without a doubt, order the Lumberjack cake.
This is a difficult review to write. We had a terrific dinner out...everything was very, very good but there was one undeniable flaw. I'll get to that in a moment. First the food.Well, actually the wine. We ordered a carafe of the house red. If you've read the other reviews here, you'll note the drinkability. Light, fruity and round the wine is very good and very reasonable. The menu was delivered. It's broken down into four categories: bouchees, appetizers, entrees and sides. From the bouchees menu we ordered Frites (Mariquits Garnet Yams, Meyer Lemon and Sauce Piquant) and 'Albondigas con Salsa Verde' (lamb, pork, kale and moorish spice blend). The Frites were sweet potato fries. Delicious though perhaps a bit too limp. I prefer them at the re-opened Limon. Good nonetheless. The Albondigas were meatballs. Very tender. The salsa was perhaps a bit bland but I'm very picky on this. They were delicious. From the appetizer menu I ordered the Chestnut Soup (Roasted Cippollini and house cured pancetta). The soup was very good. The pancetta was ungodly good. The onions were sweet. Excellent soup.From the entree menu we ordered the Slow Roasted Beef (with creamed winter greens and potato puree). We also ordered the Soul Food Farm Pasture Raised Chicken (with roasted fennel, nectarine Agrodolce). Both entrees were outstanding. The chicken was cooked perfectly. The beef likewise. Tender, flavorful. The potatoes were beautifully pureed...they still had a good starch consistency and weren't too watery. Great dinner.Now the down side. We waited a solid hour before any food arrived at the table. Our carafe of wine was long gone and we had to drive so there would be no wine with dinner. Twenty minutes after appetizers, our entrees arrived. I was past being hungry. I couldn't eat even half my entree. Despite being offered free desserts I couldn't find the interest. There were plenty of waiters on the floor. (When they walked by most of the time their eyes were averted. They knew the customers were waiting far, far too long and there was nothing they could do about it.) The kitchen, though preparing delicious food, really needs to get it's act together. In a place that serves roughly fifty or so diners, any professional kitchen in SF should be able to scale to serve dinner.So, there it is. Parking is hit or miss. Ambiance is fine. Tables are close together but I'm OK with it. Location is good...close to everything but not on top of everything. If the kitchen ever gets it's act together (and I have no reason to think it won't) this place will be a go-to joint. 3 stars.
This is what San Francisco dining is about. Completely flawless. It was probably luck, but we were seated immediately. I would say that it isn't the best place for the claustrophobic or people who are self-conscious because they are too frumpy. And I was confused about how they serve their house wine (it's not by the glass... they give you a pitcher and you pay by the notch mark). I thought it was some ploy and it was masking that it would be expensive. But it wasn't at all and I think it's a way better strategy than glass, half-bottle, bottle servings.
I dined at Frances for the soft opening. I find this restaurant very neighborhoody and upscale with great southern European mix of food. The space was very inviting and chic. Noise level is acceptable: People can actually talk without shouting. The temperature is a bit low for me but most men would be comfortable there. Service was perfect: All the people there were very well informed and answered all the questions without problems. In terms of food, we (me and my dining companion) had followings: Bouches - Meatball with salsa Verde: my dining companion loved it. Olives and almonds was good. Olives are warm. Almonds were toasty. Appetizer - Chicory salad: good especially wit persimmon Entree - Ling cod with fennel and manila clam was the best of all. Fish was perfectly seasoned and cooked. Manila clam makes broth tasty. Potato was nice addition to the dish. It really soaks up the broth. My dining companion had braised beef which was good. It was nicely paired with Broccolini. Dessert - Mandarin cake was very light and tasty. Chocolate ganache was too chalky and dark. It would have been better with coffee which we didn't have. Overall, this is a great place where you can have a great meal for $50-70 per person. I will definitely go back!!!
Fabulous, fabulous. My husband took me for our one year anniversary and it was the best experience. Small menu (to go along with the small restaurant space) so they excel at each and every item. Definitely start with the market shot (we got watermelon, yum!), and the house wine is a great deal. We're already reserved for our 2nd trip back, this time with friends!
Finally got a chance to try Frances. I dragged my husband with me on a Friday night hoping to snag a seat by the bar before 7pm. We were welcomed instantly by a waiter who could have passed Paul Giamatti's twin brother. We hovered by the cramped entrance with our glasses of wine checking out the various sized bowls being brought out to tables. They don't take any names on a list, but still somehow manage to remember you when it's your turn.We started off with the infamous bacon beignets. Heaven. not too greasy with a subtle yet flavorful jab of bacon. The buttermilk aioli dipping sauce was killer and just the right dipper for the beignet.We then moved on to the appetizer special of corn meal fried chicken wings and they were scrumptious. Sure, how can fried chicken be bad? but this was just right in terms of crispiness and juiciness. While way too eagerly finishing off my first mini drumstick, the little bone managed to slip out of my hand and land somewhere beneath the bar. (yes, that good)Rather than ordering entrees, I stuck with the small plates hoping to taste as many of the treats the menu seemed to offer.The white corn soup was by far my favorite dish of the evening. Both my bowl and the one being consumed by our bar neighbors were left with no drop behind. With a dollop of ancho chili creme fraiche, lime scented sea salt and tiny bite sized pieces of sweet corn, it had just the right balance of texture, flavor and consistency. The soup was surprisingly light yet full of delicious goodness.We couldn't pass on the fried green tomatoes. Similar to the other fried dishes, this was not too heavy and showcased the natural sweet flavor of the core ingredient.Although we were both stuffed, we capped the meal off with the panna cotta. Seeing one of the chefs apply care to our order by placing each individual berry on top and wipe off the rim of the mini mason jar made me enjoy it even that much more. Not too sweet... and not too rich, the panna cotta echoed the perfect balance that was experienced with all the other dishes of the night.We skipped on out onto 17th street with happy faces and full bellies. Definitely will hit up again in the near future.
I am amazed by this place! Outstanding French/American food, a quaint location, and novel cocktails! MIND-BLOWING!I will come back over and over, easily my new favorite restaurant!I didn't really experience one negative thing, literally the ONLY unpleasant thing that I can say is on my very first visit, I asked for bread and never got it. NO big deal since the food is wonderfully rich and filling, who needs bread anyway?! Oh, and not being able to get a reservation, but just show up right around 5:30, and you won't have to wait long. Have a cocktail or some wine, and when you get seated, you eat so slowly anyway because the timing of each of the orders is brought out perfectly. You can savor every bite and all the flavor of each of your early courses, and by the time you are eating your main course it is nearly 7:30-8pm anyway...Joe, the bartender/waiter/concierge/man-extraodinaire is my fave! If I didn't play for the other team, I would totally take you home, Joe! I love that this place is so fancy and amazing, but people like Joe can make you feel right at home there, not pretentious at all, just a diamond of a gem that we have right here in the Castro!FOOOD, what can I say, everything is amazing, taste buds dancing! VERY deserving of one Michelin star. The bacon beignets are crack, the soup like liquid gold, the desserts, orgasmic! Had the Halibut which came with some pea ragout, bacon and a phenomenal sauce that my partner, who ordered the steak, kept lapping up! Who new peas could taste so good? Her steak was cooked perfectly, and melted in your mouth, with an amazing reduction sauce of it's own.The different salad dishes that the chef keeps coming up with are fresh and unique. We had the little gems salad, pure perfection, the dressing was superb, and a calamari seafood salad appetizer one day with such a unique mixture of spice that I had to close my eyes for a few seconds to savor them all! There is always a great dessert option for either the rich chocolate lover, or a refreshing, fruity and sweet palate pleaser! Don't forget the cookies, they usually bring you some even if you don't order dessert, quite possibly the best cookie that has ever met my lips! I am still so enthralled and overwhelmed by this place, having been there 4 times now, I am just in awe and can't always come up with the best descriptions... but just read these words:JUST GO THERE.... YOU WILL SEE WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT!
Finally ate here! Everything was pretty much ON POINT.. totally worth the wait!
Who: Husband and meWhen: Dinner on a Saturday night (took us a few weeks to get resos but worth the wait!)What: We ordered the Panisse Frites, Grilled Aspargus Salad, Shrimp Pasta salad (forgot the name), Black Bass. Everything was stupendous, but I especially liked the Shrimp Pasta Salad + Asparagus salad. Great mix of flavors and wonderfully presented.Why: 5 stars because location was great, food was great, service was great, and just an overall great experience.
bacon beignet, pate and gnocchi are delish! Its hard to get a reservation but if you walk in early you can get a seat at the counter
What a gem. If I could I would give them 4.5 stars, reserving the 5 for Gary Danko, Quince, Baker and Banker and La Folie. My only real complaint is that the tables are too close, way too close. The food was excellant. We had the beignets...5 stars, the calamari 3.5 stars, Asparagus and leek soup must have been a 5 because my partner did not offer a tast, The past, was very good but I cant remember what it was...but I would get it again. Main course: gnocchi and chicken. 4 stars for the gnocchi 3 stars for the chicken, 4 stars for the scallops, would have been 5 but they only plated 4 scallops really wanted one more, the side of sunchoke puree and vegies was devine defenitely that would have been a 5. The shot of whatever is seasonal was a 6, too bad it did not come in pitchers although I would never have made it home.
Three weeks into it's opening and Frances is already a hit !I wanted to know what the buzz was all about and went to try Frances in a quiet neightborhood in Castro/17th.Fantastic appetizers, must try 'Albondigas con salsa verde' - the best meatballs you will ever taste - period! The manila clams were delicious and the Yam frites were yummy too!Frances, like most fine restaurants in the bay area has it's own sommelier, who is very knowledgable and kept giving us tastes of his wines. Hint - want to get him excited ? Talk Austria or Germany.The main courses included the Sould food farm Chicken - tender and served on a bed of bread pudding - oh yeah! great presentation.Also try the slow roasted beef - on creamed winter greens and potato puree....whoooaaa wait wait ..what? I love u chef - did she hear me? Apparantly she also owns the place - nice!For dessert we had the chocolate cake - with a delicious side of an ice cream i cannot remember since i had had oh so many wines and was kinda faded. Great time and will definitely go back. Wonderful Service. You will have a great time in this truly laid back and a very welcoming restaurant. It IS all about the service and food ;)
Went to Frances for my mom-in-law's Birthday this past Saturday evening. It was nice to get there when they first opened before they got real busy. The food was really fresh and delicious, I enjoyed the simplicity of the dishes and the service was excellent. Unsure of the 3 month wait on this restaurant, however. Tons of other restaurants in the City to try so not sure it pays off on the build up it creates on expectation. BUT none-the-less I would recommend a try!
Chicken Liver Ice Cream!
Let's start with the good news. Everything my husband and I had was good, nothing that just rocked our world but all very tasty. The bacon beignets (original and yummy), the grilled calimari, the pea soup, the halibut, the scallops, and the lumberjack cake. All very nicely presented.The so-so news: our waitress was efficient, not overly friendly but got the job done. Not a negative but not a positive experience either.The bad news; What is it with so many "hot" new restaurants in SF trying to break the sound barrier? Marlowe, RN74 and now Frances. You can hardly have a conversation with just two people. The four people next to us (and I mean right next to us - 6 inches between the tables??) were shouting at each other all night. The chairs on one side of the table and teh benches on the other were hard wood (emphasis on hard). There is a pillow on the bench side - instead of putting behind my back, I sat on it!Curiously our neighbors ate here the night before we did and had the exact same reaction (so it's not just a couple of 50 year olds who feel this way!).Conclusion: Months and months trying to outsmart Open Table to get a reservation? Forget it - there are SO many restaurants in SF with delicious food, reasonable prices, and really good service. I'm glad we tried it because of all the buzz but we're moving on!
Frances - named after her grandmother.... Let's just say a birdie told me. The amazing hands that craft the meals also worked hard to make the place looks amazing. I came on a Saturday night the place was full of faces that where enjoying the amazing dishes served. As I was waited to be sited I enjoyed a glass of the house wine, the best part - it is sold by the once, you only pay for what you drink. I finally sat at the bar area, the waiter approached and asked "what would you like?" my response was "Let the chef choose". Well I have been impressing for the second time by her cooking. To start I had Panisse Frites followed by the grill calamari. As the Entrees- I enjoyed the flavor of the Grill albacore tuna dish of course her hand craft is a piece of art. The meal followed by the Lamb and ended with a great dessert "honey panna cotta- charantise melon" Well after enjoying my great meal. I had a great conversation with the chef and left the place wanting to come back and have the tasteful feast again.Thank you Melissa for the wonderful meal.
Certainly one of the best spots in the Bay Area. Melissa Perello is a genius. Interesting to see what she is making since the Charles Nob Hill days. It's nice to see her make what she wants now, especially since it is so good! Most memorable dishes for my wife and I were the lamb cooked three ways and surprisingly, the heirloom tomato salad. My wife, who usually avoids lamb due to teh gameyness, loved all three different preparations of this lamb. I am by no means a vegetarian, but I could live off of the heirloom tomato salad. Be prepared to be re-introduced to food here. It was that good. Nice ambiance in an intimate space. Excellent service all around.
Definitely worth the wait. One of my favorites.
Phenomenal first experience. 6:15 on a Thursday night reservation. Took 2 months to achieve. Worth the wait. The staff, Melissa the chef, mad skills as her host says. The food, the ambience, friendly conversation amongst the patrons. The wait staff are slammed and remain serene and almost choreagraphed, and considerate of each other. All businesses should run this well. Whatever they are doing they should keep doing it and teach others too.  Oh did I say enough about the food? Creative, fresh, loved it all. We brought a nice reserve wine from home and the corkage fee was only $15.00, very reasonable. No pretentious attitudes either. What a place!
every gay person ever: chris, why did you move out of the castro?me: bc the food in the castro is god awful!well not anymore! frances is AMAZING! waiter: i think we only have one more market shotme: only one?waiter: yea i should go check to see if it's still therechrisn: RUN!!!!!Winter 2010 menuthis restaurant specializes in local foods. you know how much i love that! they also have really friendly wait staff. they also have cloth towels in the bathroom.bacon beignets are goodballs of lamb are amazingthe steelhead tasted like bacon and the brussel sprouts put mine to shamethe chicken was MOIST and yummy and the savory bread pudding was to die forthe steak was so good and the grits made me cumin summary, great food and they're green. i'm hard just thinking about it.if you wonder what it takes to get 5 stars from me, go to frances.
We eat out probably 4-5 nights per week in San Francisco (we're trying to change that but just so many yummy places to go) over the past couple years, and, well, I'd say its the best all around restaurant we've eaten at thus far. The food is exquisite and somehow comfort-feeling as well, make sure you get the "house wine" in the carafe, the blend is fantastic, the service was perfect & not too rushed - our host Patrick couldn't have been more gracious, the ambiance is simple yet elegant. We're so lucky to live just blocks away and will bring many friends to Frances in the months and years to come - can't wait for the next visit.
One of the best in the city! My husband and I were only able to get in on the Sunday after Thanksgiving...who goes out to eat on the Sunday after Thanksgiving? Well...we did and Frances EXCEEDED our expectations. The food was phenom. You must go, its worth every penny.
I had dinner at Frances last month while on a business trip. I heard they are booked months in advance, but I also heard that if you stand in line a bit before 5:00 p.m. (when they open), you can grab a seat at the Bar. We were first in line, sat at the bar, but shortly there after asked if there was room for us to be seated at a table - luck was on our side and we got a seat. Food was very fresh and tasty; I love how they serve wine (by the oz), and the coffee (blue bottle), too die for. I was working in the east bay and I will say this was worth the trek!
Had an absolutely incredible dinner at Frances last night. Delicious grilled calamari salad, ricotta gnocchi, steak and amazing Oregon pinot. Everything was cooked to perfection and with interesting pairings (calamari, yam and currants for ex), the service was great and the ambiance is perfect-cozy, simple and elegant.
Ok this place would be five stars if it wasn't so damn hard to get a reservation!! For real, I got a reservation almost two months in advance and it was still for 8:45!! I am a big Melissa Perello ever since Fifth Floor so I was excited to try Frances. The portions here are a bit on the small side and you have to ask for bread but I really enjoyed the bacon beignets with chive creme fraiche. Easily the highlight of the meal. Service here is good as well and I will come back once the hype dies down and it's easier to get a reservation.
Small and intimate, with a very cozy vibe. Food was outstanding. The buzz about the beignets is warranted, if you favor fluffy, bacony balls of heaven. Gnocchi was to die for, as was the chocolate mousse dessert. Appetizers are quite small, but not surprisingly so. Will definitely be back soon!
Have been trying to get a reasonable reservation time for a long time - finally gave up and took a 5PM (and this was still booked 2 months in advance). We arrived worried that the restaurant might have been built up too much in our minds (from all the reviews and accolades), but it was as wonderful as the reviews suggested.Melissa and the kitchen were amazing in almost every preparation. We started with the Chickpea Fritters and the Grilled Calamari to snack on while we both sipped a glass of white wine. Fritters were insanely good - crispy on the outside and melty goodness on the inside. Grilled Calamari Salad was bursting with flavor.Onto the rest of the meal. We decided on a bottle of the Chateauneuf du Pape which was quite enjoyable and flavors enhanced as we drank it. But it was a tad light for a CDP. Appetizers: Spring Leek and Baby Spinach soup was heavenly - perfectly seasoned, creamy and delicious (I did find it a bit to clingy on the tongue for the wine - maybe an acidic white would have paired better. Who cares, I just finished the soup and held off on the wine. Other appetizer was Prottoloni Pasta with Asparagus Meyer Lemon and Mascapone. This was very very good, but our least favorite dish of the night - still a winner though.The entrees were both awesome. The Northern Halibut with Morel Mushrooms and English Pea Ragout was the best thing of the night. Yummy Spring Vegetable flavors and perfectly cooked fish. The Grilled Pacific King Salmon with Polenta and Roasted Fennel was exceptional. I am not a fan of salmon skin so pulled that off and enjoyed the most and flavorful fish underneath.Split the Chocolate and Ricotta Mousse for dessert - not sure how we fit it all. If you have been wanting to try this place but didn't want the early tables, just suck it up and go for an early dinner. You won't regret it.
It's with a bit of a heavy heart that I write this review.Like many, I dutifully booked a reservation on opentable for the "must try" hot spot and secured a table for 2 at 9:15pm two months hence. The two months rolled around and, well, Frances was a bit of a miss for us.The place is small, which I'm fine with, but LOUD. Like conversation-stopping loud. My BF and I pretty much just sat and looked at each other for a good portion of the meal.He was not excited by the menu, but I was able to talk him into trying a few starters and we shared the pear salad and the ricotta gnocchi. Both were FABULOUS. The salad was brightly flavored, interesting and supremely satisfying. The gnocchi were among the best I've had, perfectly accompanied with wilted basil, tiny tomatoes and oyster mushrooms. We were thrilled with both dishes and excited about our entrees: the soul food chicken for BF and the black cod for me.That is where the evening sort of fell apart for us. The BF got off on a bad foot with his dish by shoveling in a bite of what he assumed was cooked spinach but ended up being a very vinegar-y flavored green with hints of seaweed. He then turned to his chicken but couldn't get past the texture of the roulade which reminded him of processed meat and the intense bacon flavor. I think this was just a case of him not liking preparation (rather than bad execution)--he wanted chicken that looked and tasted like chicken. I tasted his and thought it was good, if heavy. My black cod had a quite prominent fishy smell (it hit me when they brought the dish over) and taste. I know black cod tends to be a more oily fish, but the fishy flavor made me not want to eat more than a bite (and I didn't). When the server came by, we explained that neither of us was satisfied with the dishes. I RARELY do that. I'm not sure if we ordered poorly (although given the small menu, we ended up trying 2 out of the 4 entrees) or it was an off night for the kitchen, but it definitely seemed like a sub-standard experience for a place that people are losing their minds over.Finally, we hoped to end on a high note by ordering the Lumberjack Cake and I'm pleased to report that it was wonderful. BF said it was his 2nd favorite dessert of the year (with Mastro's butter cake being the 1st). The maple flavor of the HS ice cream paired perfectly with the intense date flavor of the cake. SO good. Our server was wonderful throughout the meal and he nicely took both entrees off our check which I think was more than generous. Nevertheless, with 2 glasses of white wine, a 1/2 bottle of red, 2 starters and a dessert, our total was $120 pre-tip. And, yes, we tipped as if the entrees had been included. We're not monsters...Given how hard it is to secure a table at Frances, I doubt I'll be returning soon, but I'm deeply sorry to not have had the sublime culinary experience that so many others did...
I would upgrade this to 3.5 stars if I could.Like everyone else, I had to make my reservations 2 months in advance and was only able to get a table at 9:15 p.m. on a Tuesday evening. We were seated right away and the overall service and attentiveness of the staff was perhaps the best I have ever received in the City. In fact at one point, we were trying to Shazam a song and the host came over with the song title and artist written on a piece of paper. He had seen us trying to figure the song out and simply took care of the situation. All other restaurants in the City should learn from the waitstaff at Frances on every level. So, service 5+ stars.Ambiance: 3.5 - the place is beautifully decorated and I loved the dinner ware but overall, the place was incredibly loud. I spent the majority of my dinner conversation saying "What did you say?"The food was either knock-my socks off delicious (English pea soup, calamari salad and broccoli side, ) or so mediocre I didn't even finish it (scallop entree, lamb entree and asparagus salad). I'll give it 3 stars.The drinks were great. We had a market shot, elderflower sparkling wine and glass of South African Cabernet, all of which were perfect. For me, the way the wine list is laid out is absolutely perfect - brief descriptions of each category of wine rather than a simple listing by region.All in all, I am a bit disappointed in the overall experience. I will give it another shot in mid-summer, when local produce is at its peak. Given the choice though, I would head to Boulevard over Frances in a heartbeat.
We arrived tonight at 6p and waited for the counter space since there were three of us. It took us 45 minutes, but they kept us updated as to how long it would be.We shared the gnocchi with morels and fava beans which was good. We also had the panisse frites which were creamy and the meyer lemon aioli was tasty with it.We then shared the applewood smoked bacon beignets which had a nice flavor.We shared the bavette, but for $27 the size was not that great and the meat was a bit chewy.We also shared the grilled asparagus salad. The dressing was a bit tart.But the dessert of lumberjack cake was pretty good with maple walnut ice cream.We shared some house blended syrah which was $18 for a 2/3 size bottle.Overall, the bill was $111 with tip which was a bit high. I would have like to have seen the bill around $80-90 for three.
I've been meaning to eat here for ages, since it's in my neighborhood. I stopped by at around 6:30 with no reservation and got a seat at the bar. It was extremely crowded and noisy and the group already seated at the bar didn't leave much room, so I was constantly getting elbowed by the person next to me.  In theory, having all the waiters cover the entire room is good, but I felt that rather than everyone feeling responsible for me, no-one did. It took a long time to get someone to take my order, then another long time for my panisses frites to arrive. When my pasta arrived, the waiter neglected to check if I had cutlery, and only after my third try did I suceed in flagging down a waiter who brought me a fork.The panisses were beautifully fried, crisp and golden, with a nice aioli on the side. The tortolloni pasta was very beautiful, with shaved asparagus in a light cream sauce, but would have been less flat-tasting if the Meyer lemon had been at all detectable. (It's odd that on such a small menu, half the appetizers and small plates have lemon in some form, making it difficult to compose a balanced meal.)In short, nice food, so-so service, uncomfortable atmosphere. I might come again on my own but never with another person since conversation would be next to impossible.
I went to Frances for the first time last night without a reservation with two friends (it's impossible to get one apparently). The amazing people at Frances were so kind to us, and sat us promptly at the bar table. We pretty much had everything on their menu, from the fried green tomatoes, squash soup, bacon beignets, beet salad, salmon, pasta, etc., all the way to desserts. Everything was absolutely delicious!! The food was seasoned properly - enough to highlight the taste of the ingredients but without overpowering the other dishes. Each dish was consistently prepared well. There was no miss at all. That's pretty amazing. The service was outstanding and excellent. For a very, very busy place, the people at Frances were efficient, but checked on us often. They also changed our silverwares a number of times. The prices were also very reasonable. To the folks at Frances, thank you! We are going to start camping out at this place often.
Wine by the ounce? What a great idea, and a bargain at that. But the only one you'll get.  The food is great (try the bacon beignets), but get out your checkbooks. Um, figuratively that is.  Oh, and good luck getting a reservation!
I'm going to only focus on the good things about this place, because I think the bad things were all circumstantial (e.g.-maybe the host just didn't see us standing there for 20 minutes in a restaurant the size of a walk-in closet)My first suggestion: order dessert first. In fact, make an entire meal of the desserts. Start with the panna cotta, then move on to something with rich chocolate. The desserts I ate here were easily in the top 5 best desserts I've had in 20 years.My second suggestion: don't get more than one of the fried starters. I love fried food like anyone with taste buds, but at a place like Frances, you should take advantage of the fresh, perfectly balanced food options. I thought the bacon beignets (more like a doughnut hole/hushpuppy hybrid) were better than the chickpea fritters. My third suggestion: get the house wine. The two I had were both delicious, though they change regularly. If you're not a wine expert who knows exactly which wine you'd like, you're probably wasting money by randomly pointing at something else on the wine list.
This is a well appointed restaurant - they have taken a small space and created something that is both homey and elegant. The service is excellent, friendly and courteous. The wine list is strong - featuring lovely wines from CA and Italy in particular.The food was good - the starters stronger than the entrees. The grilled calamari paired with currants is lively and fresh. The ricotta gnocchi is to die for - best thing I had all night. The duck was sliced breast style and was over-salted. I tried my friend's scallops and they were perfect - the bavette steak was kind of like the duck - sliced, piled in greens and salty. Dessert was the weakest element - the panna cotta was not set and ate like yogurt - the chocolate mousse was over salted with sea salt crystals. generally the menu is slim and felt a bit abridged.I will eat here again and I am not in rush to do so. not as consistent as Del Fina and almost as pricey - still - despite the hype - I say go with an open mind and see what you think.
We ganag my 5 time at France and well there were 4 of us we got the window and it was a 5pm seating we r really happy . The staff still very on with orders and making you happy . The wine selection this time pretty slim when it came to by the glass , which was different from the times before they had many choices for everyone. So my table partners were not really happy with that and the sad part when the glasses were filled unlke the other times its was not really a serving like before ,, its like where;s the wine..red and white .. now with the food . The flavor were really bland with the fish and meat dishes we got we all though well whee is the POW we had before. the small plates we got first thing they were really great to start the meal and get you going but after that no longer uphill. So my thought is they have the people filling the place now like many places these days and so the food and drinks no longer fulfilling and over the top... which to me is sad .. sorta like Crealo where baddad Cafe used to be it was great at first and then WHat the heck happened.... so frances please put the Bang for your buck back due to 100 per person with wine needs to have that bang!!
Wow! After hearing all our friends rave about this place, Art & I finally made it. Dropped in at 5:30, sat at the bar and proceeded to have a superb meal. They started us off with warmed almonds in olive oil with a little sea salt sprinkled on top. Then we shared a few small plates, including the conbread fries, beat salad, gnocchi and lamb. It was all very terrific. Service was spot on. I'll definitely be back.
Yummy. The service is perfecto! The wine suggested for us, perfecto! The first glass was not that great so server immediately took it away and had us try another. Our meals werer gouged in flavor, texture, beauty and yumminess. Desert cannot be skipped to-ma-loo! Worth the three figure price!
Finally got to experience what I've been hearing so much about! I'll sum it up by saying everything was fantastic: food, menu, service, ambiance.Everything we had had such great flavors and texture - it was really nice to experience a restaurant that lived up to the expectations. We shared everything, so it was great to taste different flavors and textures, starting with the beet salad and shinsito peppers. We then had the ricotta gnocchi and summer squash salad. Finishing off with the mushroom risotto and soul food chicken. All were very rich in flavors, including the salads, and none left anything to be desired.We enjoyed three different wines (not 3 whole bottles, mind you) and I enjoyed all but definitely found the "Bunan Mourvedre blend, Moulin des Costes Bandol (France)" to be very worthy of ordering; it went well with the entrees. We started off with the "Au Bon Climat Pinot Noir, La Bauge Au-dessus (Santa Maria Valley)" and I found it the least enjoyable of the lot, although not a bad wine. We ordered one more glass each and upon the recommendation of Patrick, the front-of-house manager, went with "Emile Juillot Pinot Noir, "les Combins' Mercurey." He considered this his go-to wine and it really worked. In hindsight, we probably would have started out with this wine and then moved to the mouvedre blend. It was great that they had several half-bottles of wine on the list, which is how we were able to enjoy 3 different wines. We also noticed they had red and white house wines that are made by their beverage director - definitely will try on the next visit.While I enjoyed the ambiance of Frances, it is a tight spot and you are sitting very "comfortably" with your neighbors. I was a bit self-conscious of how our laughing and all we affecting our dinning neighbors.Overall, a great experience with home-style cooking taken to a great level.
awesome food, quaint but nice ambiance, very nice wait staff. Bacon beignets and chocolate pot de creme with cherries were our favorites. my friend said their chicken dish was the best he's had in a very long time (and he's a chef). gnocchi was flavorful and delicious. very hard to get a res though -- i hear it's best to just go in at 9 or 9:30 and see if there is anything open. love it.
I had the seared duck breast, shared a few appetizers with some friends, and was lucky enough to have the bitter orange cocktail. Its been a very, very long time since I've had a meal that was this good, where every single course blew my mind. I had to stand at the bar, but the meal was well worth the effort. Definitely going to try to get a reservation next time :)
Great food. Honestly, I was expecting more because my friends had told me it was the best food they have ever had. Definitely worth another trip, but nothing incredible.
4.5 stars - Frances didn't disappoint. It's a neighborhood place but doesn't feel very 'Castro,' which isn't necessarily a bad thing. The bavette steak was incredibly tender and the crab salad had ample portions of crab. I liked that the flavors were clean, pure, and not trying too hard to be innovative. Service is unpretentious and warm. Decor is elegant and modern, albeit tiny.
Frances has now become a Michelin target, as there will always be the question "is that what makes one a Michelin one star". The answer to that question is still out for me, the Food was exceptionally good, and my three dishes calamari, pear salad and black code were rich in flavor, each with a colorful presentation. This type of neighborhood restaurant is really not served well as being a Michelin star restaurant, as it can better to stand on its own. The service does not match up to the food, the dcor is pleasing, with the neighborhood storefront setting. This restaurant will be better served if it returns to its fundamentals, focus on the food, match the service and the stars do not matter.
I don't know what all of the hype is about. I've had way better. Nice to see a better quality restaurant in the neighborhood but it's really not all that good. The service was not good at all and the food was just ok. Four of us went for dinner and we all agreed that we would not be going back. If the server were better the experience might have been better. Go to 2223 instead for better food and service in a nice environment.
Frances lived up to the hype, and then some....we are not easily wow'd and we were bowled over by this gem of a restaurant. Leave room for dessert, as the Tarte Tatin with cardamom milkshake was literally the best pie either of us have had, and I've been a pie affecionado my entire life! The subtle and delicious cardamom flavors melded beautifully with the apple. The smoky flavors in tomato soup were otherworldly. And, the quail rivaled the best we've ever had in SF......and, came in first with the smoky flavors given to the bird. We loved every bite. Though highly anticipated, the bacon fritters/beignets were yummy, but didn't blow us away (the best beignets still go to the Boxing Room). The panzanella salad was okay. Service was friendly and knowledgeable. We can't wait to come back.
Have been here twice now with my BF and every dish we have had has been remarkable- nothing pretentious, just great solid inventive dishes prepared perfectly. Service is attentive and gracious and the atmosphere is lively and fun. have yet to be disappointed and look forward to coming back, whenever we can muster another reservation ;)
A group of friends and I loved this place. Its a small restaurant...that is why reservations are so hard to get. When you do get a reservation....don't cancel...this place is awesome. The bacon beingets are soooo good. Wine selection is great. LOVE everything that we ordered....its a foodie's heaven
Went last night for the second time and I must say, it was just as good as the first. As we all know, it's difficult to get a reservation, but in my opinion, totally worth the (up to) 2 month wait. Seconds after walking in we were greeted by one of the gentlemen working. Our reservation was for 7pm. It was a couple of minutes after 7pm when we arrived. We were immediately informed that the people seated at our table to be were just about finished and it would be just a few minutes. We were offered a glass of wine while we waited. We had some wine and waited maybe 10 min. Not uncommon and not a bad wait at all. We were seated mid restaurant. Now, I have to comment on people that say the tables are too close. Yes, they are close but the restaurant is tiny. I actually prefer a small, warm environment and Frances is just that. I like being able to engage with the tables next to you. Both times we have been to Frances we have had great conversation with the tables on either sides of us. Guess we're just social people. Anyway, as soon as we sat we were greeted by our waiter, given menu's and told the special. That was followed up by water and our wine order taken. The service from the time you walk in until the time you walk out is spot on!! Food wise, the place is brilliant! As the menu is small and there was four of us, I think I have now had a taste of everything on the menu. Everything is purely divine. My favorites: Chickpea Fritters (f*cking Amazeballs!), beet salad, white bean & kale soup (If you're a soup whore like myself, I highly recommend it), bavette steak....and ALL the desserts.......side note: I'm not a big dessert guy either.  Oh, and request the bread. Awesome!!! My absolute favorite part of Frances (aside from the food of course) is the fact that they do not rush you what so ever. I love to dine leisurely and for a place that is in such demand, it's truly awesome that the staff of Frances does not rush you at all. Our waiter let us order one course at a time, When we were finished with one he would take the next. Not only does this give you time to actually enjoy the food without having the next course being brought out and set in front of you, but it gives you time to digest a bit, have wine and actually savor the food and the moment.  Our dinner lasted about 2.5 hours. Sure, we don't have that kind of time every night, but every now and again, it's nice to go out and be able to relax, sip wine, have great conversation all the while sitting in a fabulous restaurant, eating amazing food and being taken care of by a wonderful staff. Over all, I 100% completely agree with the hype of Frances (if you cannot tell from reading the above. LOL!). We made another reservation before we left last night.......and the soonest they can get us back in is still 6 weeks out. Looks like Frances isn't losing steam anytime soon. I like the fact that it gives us something to look forward to. If you are a true foodie, Frances is the place for you. Enjoy!!
Yummy! A friend of mine made a reservation for this place three months ago and she was nice enough to invite us. What a great experience! We started with the bacon beignets and grilled calamari. Both were delicious. I especially liked the calamari, it was light and fresh with hints of citrus.Then we split the chicory Lettuce Salad. I have not had eaten many persimmons in my day and was pleasantly surprised. they may be a new salad staple for me.For dinner I got the scallops. They were awesome melt in your mouth goodness!Then we split the chocolate cake drizzled with salted caramel for desert. Way to go Frances. This place rocks.
Head chef Melissa Perello has certainly earned the Michelin star here. Three courses and wine were all exquisite. We were fortunate to find a spot at the counter within 30 mons., without a reservation (don't count this, the place had a long wait minutes after got in queue.) this rates among the finest dining experiences I've had in 20 years of eating out around San Francisco.
In my first review I slammed the service which, I felt, was lacking that night. This next visit we sat at the bar as walk-ins (get there before opening at 5 to line up and get a seat when they open.) This time the food was just as good, but the service was so much better. It was attentive, helpful and not pushy.Highlights:Bacon Beignets are still a findCalamari Salad - fresh and tender calamari perfectly doneRicotta Gnocchi Could be better:Chickpea Fritters were tasty but kinda boringBeet Salad was delicious, but kinda "so what"All in all there are no "bad" dishes that we had - just some are better than others. This is a great place - and not expensive in the grand scheme of restaurants in San Francisco.It's worth going to if you can get a reservation - if not, go 20 minutes early and line up for a place the seating that's free when they open at 5.
bacon beignets...that should sell you right there. they serve it with a creme fresh that really balances out the bacon flavor...so for all you that don't like sauces...you must at least try it together.the chickpea fritter was also very delicious..especially with again..the sauceeewe followed that up with the grilled calamari, which despite some reviews i read, was probably my favorite of the meal. it was cooked perfectly, not too chewy...perfect and they came with olives that put a good bite to it and i dont even like olivesthe main course was OK...we weren't really all that thrilled with the current choices, we had the trout but the corn it came with was soooo good.i like the fact that they do the house wine by the ounce here so you can drink as much or as little as you want.overall dinner for 2 for $100 and it was delish...tip: if you don't want to wait 2 months and don't mind a late dinner, i made reservations at 10:15 on a friday at 8pm
destiny.after literally walking out on a restaurant down the street for being ignored for a full twenty minutes after being seated (not kidding), my husband pulled out his iphone and found frances on yelp. A-freaking-MEN.we walked in and were seated at the bar. from that moment on, we were taken care of SO well. after enjoying an incredible appetizer, we overheard the manager (i assume) mention how there were no reservations available on the weekends for over two months. woah. impressive. our dinners proved why and our dessert was what had me saying, "okay. we're coming back here!" ... that is if we can have another epic moment of just walking in and having two seats open for us! =)
Loved our server Bobby! You have to get the chickpea fries, bacon beignets, and the challah. We also had the white corn soup, crab salad and the polenta. The best was the beeker of wine and the market shot! Ohhhh and the brown sugar semolina was amazing!
I read the reviews and decided to give it a shot. Frances is easy to miss, not a big sign, and in a relatively quiet spot of the neighborhood. There's limited street parking. It was packed but we got bar seating. The host and all the servers were wonderful, very professional and warm. The food was incredible, probably the best gnocchi I've ever had. Risotto for dinner, also delicious. The house wine is a bargain and the desserts are excellent. Try the Chocolate Mousse and the Lumberjack cake. Wow, I'll be back, but next time with a reservation.
The great: the beignets, the taglietelle, the lumberjack and the black sea bass entree!The good: the service, the panacotta, the wine by the ounce and the bread (also, the skirt steak wasn't as good as the sea bass).The bad: not enough room in my belly for more.A simply wonderful meal. Great atmosphere. Please try and get reservations ASAP. We didn't have much trouble getting in.
Everything about this place made me happy. It was delight from start to finish, from the food to the service to the ambience.... I adore Frances.
This place rocks. Definitely now on my favorite SF restaurants list. Friendly, personable service. Very charming, cozy neighborhood feel. And well above average food, even for this food-obsessed city. Standouts for the last round were the bacon beignets, pasta with artisan sausage, black cod.
Without a doubt, the food here is terrific. But the overall dining experience does not go with the prices charged.The tables are simply too close together. It's impossible to have an intimate conversation. And packing in so many people results in extremely slow service, since the kitchen clearly can't handle the number of diners squeezed in to this place.While the wait staff is fairly professional, not once did anyone come to refill our wine glasses (something which should be expected at this price point).If they cut down on the number of seats (at tiny tables!), they would create a better dining experience, it would speed up the service, and presumably the tables would turn more quickly...a benefit to the restaurant.So I recommend the restaurant for its food, but not for the overall experience. There are other places in this neighborhood that fill this niche more successfully, such as the great bistro L'Ardoise on Noe.
I really want to give 4 1/2 stars. After the haughty and rude attitude I received from one of the waiters, I was ready to dislike the place a lot...a whole lot. However, the food is awesome. Do believe the hype it received.
Excellent food. Highly recommended. Reservations a must.
We had an amazing dinner at Frances! Everything was amazing (Except the spinach salad, was just okay). Loved the beignet, the pasta were awesome, the squid was one of the best I ever had (and I do eat lots of squid).... Love the space too, very cozy!
In a week of eating out at several outstanding restaurants to celebrate my birthday, Frances was clearly the winner in terms of food preparation. Hubby and I were seated promptly for our reservation and the level of service was very high. We ordered way too much food. Started with the roasted beets and beignets and loved both dishes. You need to request the bread - don't pass up the Josey Baker bread or you'll be sorry. Had the duck and salmon and honestly, it was the best salmon dish I'd had in awhile. It had a yummy corn souffle,squash, tomato, mushroom base with a perfectly med rare cooked filet of salmon on top. We also ordered the baked eggplant and cornbread, both were delicious. We had to pass on dessert since we were so stuffed. Guess we'll have to come back so we can complete the menu! My only complaint (very minor) was the tables spaced so closely together. Felt a little cramped but also got to check out our neighbor's dishes! Thank you Frances for a wonderful meal!
I was so stoked to finally get into this place and I don't know if it was too hyped up or what, but I was very disappointed. The atmosphere is clean and cozy and the staff was friendly. Awesome soft, fresh bread! My boyfriend had the chicken, which was really strange. The texture was way too tender, almost like processed chicken, you know, the kind inside a McD's chicken nugget. I don't know if it was cooked using the sous vide method, but it was just strange! I ate the lamb, which was nice, but really nothing special. Needless to say, we had a nice experience there, but the food was not mind-blowing, which I expected from all of the rave reviews. I won't hesitate to try this place again though and will hope for a better tasting experience in the future.
Great flavors. Bacon beignets were interesting but I'd rather spend my calories on other menus items. The gem salad was fabulous. The lamb pasta appetizer had great flavors. The lumberjack cake is sort of like a sophisticated fruitcake, but much better than that comparison sounds. Looking forward to going back and trying their entrees.
Imagine if you will: It's Saturday, after 8 PM, and you don't have reservations anywhere. Normally, this would be cause enough to lock the door, pull out a tub of frosting and a spoon, watch infomercials and curse my luck-less life. Last night was different, though. And Frances was the new variable.My BF got on Open Table and discovered that Frances, the much anticipated new restaurant in the Castro that we had both read about, had a 10 PM reservation available. I dropped my trusty frosting spoon and shouted, "Book it!!!" I waited for confirmation before wiping the cream cheese deliciousness from my formerly frowning mouth; there's no excuse for wasting napkins. Finally, after a few agonizing seconds, I was able to breathe a sigh of relief and return the frosting to its hallowed spot in the pantry. We were in. We arrived a few minutes before 10 and were greeted by a friendly host. He recognized my name and handed us a drink/wine list and also pointed out the curiously framed white board they use to list daily specials. We stepped to the side and checked out the wine list and the decor. Frances is small but cozy. We were both taken with the light fixtures over the counter seating. Very nice.While we were waiting, a server came up to us with a couple of the restaurant's Market Shots. They consisted of huckleberry, white wine, kaffir lime and honey. They were really tasty and normally just $3. Our were on the house. Thanks Frances!!After about 10-15 minutes we were seated (a table was available earlier, but the host told us it was a cramped space, so we opted to wait a little longer). Seating at Frances is very cozy, almost European. They have chosen to utilize as much of the space as possible with many two-tops placed close together. Be prepared to meet your neighbors.After swapping life stories with our new dinner neighbors, we began to peruse the menu. Since it was late, they were out of the beef dish (which was a little disappointing), but there was much more on the menu to try out. We decided to start with some squash frites, applewood smoked bacon beignets, and albondigas with salsa verde. The squash frites were great and the beignets were bacony and fluffy. I was a little disappointed with the albondigas, but I think that was mostly because the flavors didn't mesh with the other two dishes. Next, we had the gnocchi with duck confit. By far, this was my favorite dish of the evening and I can't recommend it enough. At the end of the night, I told the owner/chef that I wanted to bathe in the gnocchi because it was so delicious (I'm not sure exactly who it was but I really appreciated her walking around the dining room and talking to us). For an entree, we chose to share the cod dish. It was perfectly cooked and the flavors were spot on. Cod can be a little bland but this was far from bland. I would have loved to try the beef dish, but this was a great second choice.Add to this a carafe of the house wine (at $1 an ounce) and then we wrapped up the night with the Valrhona chocolate ganache tart with McEvoy Olive Oil ice cream and some Blue Bottle coffee (which was $4 and served in a Chemex carafe--easily 3 cups of coffee).All in all, I loved it. We spent around $92 for two people, and I thought it was totally worth it. Thanks to the Frances staff for a terrific late night dinner (and I hope we didn't keep you there too long after closing!).
One of the best meals I've ever eaten-smoked bacon beignets were amazing. Great atmosphere, attentive and well informed waitstaff and insanely good food. If you live in bay area you should go.
Sooo...If you have the patience to wait for a reservation at a reasonable time (it could be months!) Frances is worth the wait: Stylish, jovial, reasonably priced and charming. My father and I ordered two of the small plates, a salad, an entree and a dessert and got out for well under $100 with tax and tip! The servers are slightly smug but totally professional and get the job done. The food was simple and lovely - kind of reminded me of Chez Panisse Cafe food. Also, I loved the decor and the hand-made cloth coasters so much I contemplated snatching a pair the whole night and then thought better of it!
Every dish was outstanding: beignets, frites, calamari salad, crab salad, gnocchi, scallops... Next time, will try dessert.
Went here with a group of friends last night. My friend made the reservations 3 months ago, so I figured there was a lot of hype surrounding this restaurant. With that being said I made sure to set my standards very high. We got there and started out with a market shot, which is different everyday. Ours was a mix of tomatoes, agave, fresh fruit and wine. A very refreshing drink.We all decided on sharing a bunch of things. That way we got a full taste of the menu. We started off with the Applewood Smoked Bacon Beignets, Panisse Frites, and the Toasted Firebrand Challah. Out of those three I will say my favorites were the Bacon Beignets and the Toasted Firebrand Challah. The Panisse Frites were good, but the sauce that accompanied them was so over powering that it took away from the actual dish.The next dish we decided on was the Chicken Liver Mousse. I am so glad we decided to get this because every single bite was better than the next. The last dishes were the Herb Stuffed Guinea Hen and then the Roasted Summer Squash. Both dishes were excellent. The hen was was super moist and the creamy polenta added so much flavor to the dish. The Roasted Summer Squash was an excellent choice as well. Very light but very flavorful as well. A dish that you could easily make at home, but so good with the Iacopi Butter Beans.As for dessert.. Well we went a little overboard, and ordered all three. The Pot de Creme and the Almond and Semolina Crostata were by far the best. The Cornmeal Pound Cake was a little to heavy for me.I will have to say that I think we ordered way too much food. We asked the waiter if we ordered too much, and he told us that we ordered too little. I walked out of that restaurant so full that all I wanted to do was go home and go to sleep. It was well worth the wait and would wait again to do it all over again.
I was leaving a friend's house early one evening and got a phone call from a friend. "Hey I want to go get a bite, want to come with?" I could not refuse one of my favorite people on the planet and decided to get my James on. We walked in and fit just inside the door almost needing a shoehorn. It was very crowded, but deservedly so. After hovering uncomfortably for awhile (this is not a new thing to many San Francisco restaurants, where they let you in but, you are awkwardly and uncomfortably in the way of everything as well as the central point of visual focus for half of the restaurant) we got to sit down and check out a menu and our server prolifically orated the specials of the day. One of the specials sounded amazing. It was chicken liver mousseline with maple butter walnut toasts. I can't even begin to describe how delicious this was. I wanted to rub it all over my face in glee. We had some wonderful Petit Syrah to go with it, as well as a few other snacks to end a great evening. I do not remember what they were as it was a few months ago and am just now getting back to this review. I would recommend Frances for the amazing service, good atmosphere, great neighborhood (Castro) and clientele as well as the hands down OMGWTFBBQ amazing food. I would also recommend our server, Joseph who was fantastic.
Seriously, best food I had in a long,long time.Waited since May to get a reservation. This was worth the wait !!!Calamari w.white beans - wonderful little appetizer.Ricotta gnocchi with tomatoes and corn-so silky and fluffy- unbelievable.Crab salad - wonderfully fresh butter lettuce leaves with heavenly dressing and then crab so sweet and tasty.Smoked Arctic char : I have never had this before , it was broiled to perfection and smoky. Beautiful little potatoes with a creamy and light mustard sauce - arugula and radish on the fish for garnish.Dessert was a chocolate pot de creme with cherries and a dollop of cream and 2 small chocolate cookies.And we ate every bite of every dish !How does she do it ? My utmost compliments !The wine list is small but has good choices. Maybe there should be some more in the mid range price.The noise level unfortunately is very high.Oh and service was excellent also. I have a reservation in September and can"t wait !!
LOVELY restaurant - delicious food, personable maitre d' and thoughtful staff. As a local I just wish it wasn't so hard to get into the place! (That's the only reason it's not 5 star).
jesus christ.
Saturday, December 3, 2011. I arrived in front of Frances at 4:43 pm, the first one in line, thereby assuring me a seat at the counter when they open at 5:00. My equivalent to queuing up for a new iPhone. I'm thinking this will be my definitive visit--or maybe not. I've been going to Frances, a now legendary San Francisco restaurant, since it opened 2 years ago, not as often as I should, and most times I've left rapturous, although a couple of times I have been mildly disappointed. This time we will see. My perceptions and tastes have been sharpened by my current project-to visit 80 different restaurants in 80 days. A frivolous mission, you might think, the meaning of which I've had to wrestle with, although not profoundly. I'll do it anyway. Its my personal economic stimulus package. If the western economies all collapse-=which I regard as inevitable at some point--people will still have to eat. Restaurants employ a lot of people--from farm to table, as they like to say--and we are blessed to live in what will probably be someday viewed as the golden age of dining. So enjoy! Frances occupies a small space on the corner of 17th and Pond in the Castro District. Tables are closely packed together for those fortunate enough to have a reservation. Those who do not can jockey for a space at the counter--and there is always a line. Standing outside by the front door in the darkening twilight I can I can hear a woman's voice inside going over tonight's menu with the staff. Is it Melissa Perello, the beautiful young chef/owner who makes this all happen? Probably. I could peek through the door but I don't want to be too obvious. Meanwhile, I turn around and notice there are now several people in line behind me, talking of course about how hard it is to get a reservation. And then, happening all too fast, Melissa herself strides out the front door, stopping as whe walks past me to say hi. She seems to recognized me, says its nice to see me again, flashes her beautiful smile. Five minutes to go! 5:01. They're always a little late opening, but never by much. I'm in, first seat at the counter, the choice spot in the entire place, which fills up rapidly. It doesn't take long to scan the menu and decide on the clams, the celery root soup, and the Sonoma duck breast. As usual, I order the house blended red wine from Miraflores Winery in a carafe where they charge you according to how much you drink, $1 per ounce. Great wine, great deal! Soon the clams arrive and I am in heaven. Two large shells filled with minced cherry stone clams baked with winter greens, fennel, and scallop and bacon cream. No sooner do I dive into the clams than a runner arrives presenting me with an order of the calamari salad as a gift from Melissa. Now I really feel special! Next course: celery root soup with chestnuts, baby turnips and chanterelle mushrooms. The broth arrives in a separate pitcher and is poured over the other ingredients by the server. I pause to enjoy the smell wafting up from the bowl-the smell alone is worth the price. And then: nothing less than the best duck I've ever had in my life. Thick little rectangular cubes of amazingly tender and perfected cooked Sonoma duck breast served in a bowl with cotecchino sausage, sauteed escarole and Italian butter beans, pulled together by the light but flavorful au jus sauce again poured from a pitcher by the server. All this time a small crowd swirls around behind me, people arriving with reservations, or people without reservations but with high hopes. Two young women chat standing by the door, drinking wine. One of them starts a conversation with me, a delightful creature named Jennifer whose husband is waiting outside. They recently married after he proposed to her in Paris. A bit tipsy, I join her in waxing ecstatically about how wonderful everything is. Dessert. Normally I would get my old favorite, the lumberjack cake, a creation not to be missed. But tonight I opt for the chocolate almond 'clafoutis' which is not exactly a clafoutis but more like a round of chocolate cake with a carmelized banana in the middle and salted caramel ice cream atop burnt caramel on the side. In a nod to moderation I left a small bite uneaten, paid my bill and said goodbye to Jennifer whose party is now seated next to me. But before leaving I walked back to the window opening to the kitchen to say goodbye to Melissa. "That was the best duck I ever had in my life!" I exclaimed. "Yes!" went Melissa. And so I departed into the night, restaurant 35 out of 80, a meal that will not soon be forgotten!
Really really really excellent. Low Key friendly atmosphere with food that is exquisite quality and wonderful tasting. Nothing so over the top fancy (pretentious) just lovely food that is super tasty. Nice staff also. Made next reserv. as we walked out- as it was 2 months until the next Sat. @ 5pm opening....
fantastic to have another neighborhood restaurant open up near home, especially by well-regarded (SF Chronicle, Food and Wine, James Beard awards!) chef Melissa Perello.service is impeccable, and food is very good. 2 of us, with ummmm 28 ounces of wine ($1 an ounce! how can you resist?) was $108 before tip.  no service or food hiccups and we were day on night 2 after their opening! (ahem, starbelly, you could learn something from the great service and food at frances...)APPSred curry squash fritesalbondigas (meatballs)grilled calamariENTREEslow roasted beefSIDEbutter beansDESSERTlumberjack pie (YUMMMM!)WINE28 ounces of house red. DELICIOUS.a bit expensive for a neighborhood resto (everything around it is residential), but also much better food than you'd expect. worth a try, and i'll be back! also, the staff try really seems to CARE that you're there, which is such a nice change from most "hot new restaurants"thanks, Frances.
Take a risk - don't make a reservation. My pal and I secured a spot at the bar at 7:00 on a Thursday night. We waited all of 11 minutes. That said, our zone was tight and we had to look in the mirror to place our order with the bartender. Simple interior design - nothing new- all good. The menu should suit all price points; carnivores and vegetarians, there's even a bite or two for vegans. We weren't starving, but definitely wanted to sample a few nibbles.The market shot - a clever and seasonal way to kick-off your meal. Next we shared the brioche, which was topped with an Italian cheese, mint, and I couldn't place the other herb. The herbs really brought the flatbread dish home. Nice pairing! The beet salad - the beets chunks should've been smaller - the kumquats more aplenty - their unique flavor coupled with the beets was amazing. I wanted more flavor per bite though. We each had a glass of white wine - A Greek and Italian one. Both delicious. We were served a taste before the pour. ( a tradition that isn't always adhered to --SEE flour & water). There was a lull between courses with no follow-up from the wait staff. I actually wanted another glass of wine, but alas, no one noticed. We appreciated the freshness of the final dishes but both were Ok. The chilled asparagus and pea soup had good flavor, but as another reviewer mentioned - the onions were too pungent for the sweet of the green vegetables and the creme fraiche failed to swirl through soup - it just clumped up at the bottom of the bowl. I read several glowing reviews of the gnocchi. The pasta itself was lovely however, the accompanying sauce beckoned just a tad more good ol' salt and pepper to bring out the morels and ramps. Portions were satisfying; presentation fancy yet simple, and the ambiance was fine---I'll be back because of the fresh and organic aspect and to give the entrees and desserts a whirl.
The atmosphere feels just right, down to last detail: the handsome tables, impeccable Heath tableware, coordinating cloth coasters, and wonderfully printed menus.The staff exude and professionalism and confidence without being pretentious or unapproachable.And the food is amazing. On a recent visit our grilled calamari appetizer was so good that at the end of the meal we considered ordering seconds. When we returned several weeks later, calamari was still on the menu as a different preparation, and again it blew us away. The soup and cannelloni were excellent as well.Other favorites: the stuffed chicken with polenta and smoked steelhead trout were fantastic. Desserts have been consistently good; make sure to save some room.To be fair, there are imperfections here and there: I wasn't too impressed with the bacon beignets or the frites. At the height of the dinner rush it can get quite loud, and the tables are tight. But these are quibbles.This is the gf's favorite restaurant in the city, and I am inclined to agree.
So so so cute. Loved everything about this place. The ambiance is great, the food is great, and the staff are super friendly. The menu changes daily, so everything is fresh. I recommend you go all out and get a full course meal! Oh, and make reservations or be prepared to wait. But totally worth the wait!
The food here is light in texture - pillowy, even - yet very rich. I had:- bacon beignets - 5 of them - great texture but wouldn't get again- chickpea fritters - 4 of them - not sure why everyone raves about these. Crispy on the outside but wet inside (like uncooked dough) and not big on flavor. Skip.- chicken liver mousse - best dish of the night and best form of chicken liver I've had, but it's really designed for 2 people - you get a huge ice-cream-scoop serving size. It's very rich and bacon-y, and the slightly charred bread is perfect.- crepe cannolini - I rarely order a veggie main, but I love leeks, beet greens and mushies. The leeks were hard to detect, but the mushrooms and dish as a whole were great.- Riesling for dessert. Delicate and sweet.Excellent service. Tables are close together so don't plan on discussing anything private.
I was a bit under-whelmed. Maybe my expectations were unreasonable - based on all the hype and the 3-month wait for a rez. Not to say it wasn't very good - we had almost everything on the menu and really it was all fantastic. But fantastic on par with all the other really strong, locally sourced, SF staples. I would have left this at 3-stars but the deserts were exceptional. Don't skip them!
I had to wait a few months for this reservation, so expectations were pretty high. Fortunately, they did not disappoint. Great service, amazing food, great atmosphere... it has definitely made it onto my top restaurants in SF list. Almonds toasted in lavender to start things off, gnocchi appetizer, smoked char, and a peach tart to top it all off. I will definitely be going back, but if I can't make it another 3 months, I think I'll just see if they can squeeze me in at the first come, first serve bar next time.
People, just because it's expensive doesn't mean it's good. It's not that great. The bacon beignets---pathetic. The scallops---I've had way better. Nothing that we tried on their menu (and we tried a lot) stood out which is why I'm flabbergasted the place has been booked solid since its opening. Waste of money.
Excellent food - five stars - not too expensive compared to other restaurants in SF. Only drawback is the restaurant is very small and a bit too crowded. They put too many tables close together.
Was there last month and still thinking about it. Everything was top notch - beautiful space, fun & attentive staff, and absolutely delicious food. Only wish it was easier to get in on short notice, but great to see them doing well.
Amazing food, great people. My new favorite restaurant in SF! Next visit will be for my birthday and I can't wait...
Called Frances like a stalker ex girlfriend in order to get reservations, ended up making ressies on Open Table the DAY I was able to (they only accept reservations within a certain time frame, maybe 2 months in advance?...) They had one reservation left, so let it be known this place fills up fast. When my date and I arrived at Frances we had to wait about 15 minutes for our table to be ready. It was no big deal, just had a glass of champagne. Our table was soooooo worth the wait. Frances is a very narrow restaurant with the majority of seating against the wall in a booth/chair combo situation. We got the very end table, which is located in the back corner of the restaurant. The L shaped seat allowed me and the man to sit next to each other in the comfy booth. Not sure if it's possible to request that table, but it's for sure the one you want. Food was wonderful, yes, especially the bacon beignets, which were on the house (perhaps to compensate for our wait?). The wine by the ounce was a great deal and the red was really very decent. I am not a huge dessert person, but the chocolate almond clafoutis was to die for! I will definitely return, if I can get reservations!
If you are interested you can read the review below mine haha. But I thought this place was great too. I got the scallops with lemon risotto and it was absolutely refreshing. The risotto had little bits of celery that added to the freshness. I think little things like that usually set good restaurants apart from great ones. They have a certain aim for a dish and they think of anything possible to accomplish it. It was great. My gf got the duck (I am not a huge fan of duck) but it was a great bite. We also got the bacon beignets with creme fraiche which I thought was the low point of the meal (the 5 stars above, really reflects how great this meal was). Oh and we also had stuffed sweet onion that had cheese and kale which was a nice twist because when I first saw it I mentioned that it looked just like dolma that my family makes. Great place to go, great ambiance, the service is perfect and the front man is really nice and inviting.
Frances is a prototypical case of "The Emperor's New Clothes," or in this case, the Empress. While by all accounts Melissa Perello is a talented chef, Frances is an example of "grade inflation" -- the PR team gets the critics whipped up about how fantastic the restaurant is, and restaurant-goers feel like there is something wrong with them if they say anything critical -- so merely passable food gets rave reviews and a Michelin star.First of all, the room isn't "intimate" -- it is overcrowded. There are literally 6 inches between tables -- the tables have to be pulled out for people to get in and out of the banquette seats. Speaking of the banquettes, they are uncomfortable hard wood -- more like something on which a perp would sit at the station than someting on which a a restaurant guest should sit (pillows are provided for one's back, but the seats are stil uncomfortable.) Finally, the room is incredibly noisy -- I felt like standing on the tarmac at SFO to get some relief. We were at a 4-top -- 2 at the banquette, 2 opposite, and you could barely hear the person across from youSecond, the service was not warm at all -- more on the perfunctory side, with a bit of aloofness and a pinch of arrogance mixed in. I had to glance at the waiter 4 times before he deigned to come over and when I said we were ready to order, he said "you don't look like you're ready."Third, the food just wasn't close to spectacular. The bacon beignets, which everybody raves about, were too doughy -- beignets should be airy with a fried-crunch outside -- these were bready, and with only a slight bacon flavor. The calamari salad was okay, but nothing ethereal -- you can get better squid with better dressing at the better Thai restaurants in town. (And nothing compares to the calamari that May Ditano used to make at the Columbus restaurant on Broadway - a dive that deserved three Michelin stars if Frances deserves one.) The crab salad was really a lettuce salad, with two small pieces of not particularly flavorful lump crabmeat hiding underneath the leaves. It left me dreaming of the Swan Oyster Depot, which last time I checked, didn't have a Michelin star, but a salad where the freshest crab is the star, not something one has to find like a Cracker Jack prize.. Speaking of oysters, the Celery-Root oyster chowder came with about eight miniscule 1/4" cubes of oyster a dollop of cold creme fraiche in the bottom of the bowl. Then, at the table a beaker of soup as pretensiously poured in. So immediately one has lukewarm soup! The flavor was okay, but not even close to the oyster chowder at the Grand Central Oyster bar in NY, where there is actually some oyster in the oyster chowder. The parmesan and ricotta gnocchi with pancetta and chantarelles weren't really gnocchi shaped -- they were more like inch-long half-inch-wide cylinders. Gnocchi made well are supposed to be "pillows"; these were far too dense. There was a very generous portion of chanterelles, but I swear there was only one 1/4" x 1/4" piece of pancetta in the whole dish. For dessert, I ordered the chocolate chestnut bread pudding, and it was cubes of bread with a Hershey's-syrup type sauce, and this time two 1/4" x 1/4" pieces of chestnut. .There's an old joke: "Waiter: Sir, how did you find your steak? Patron: I looked under the potato," and that appears to be the Frances way of dealing with the main ingredients of a dish.San Francisco restaurants are often overrated because of the buzz a good PR company can generate, when the reality of the restaurant never lives up to the hype. Unfortunately, Frances is one of those restaurants.
AMAZING. One of the best meals I've had in a while. It's up there with Zuni and Chez Panisse, in my opinion. The restaurant itself is pretty cute, nice lighting, friendly staff. The food was exceptional. The only downside is that it's IMPOSSIBLE to get a reservation there. Thankfully the night we went we were able to walk in a get a seat at the bar. Not recommended on a cold night as the bar's right next to the door. I was kind of freezing the whole time.
The calamari and the bacon beignets were delicious and the duck was great. We came for a special occasion and would definately return as soon as possible.
for my 1000th review, i just HAD to dedicate it to FRANCES, thanks to the worst server in my dining history EVER!remember this name.. GRAHAM... just remember it... this is the name of the server you should NOT request or if you can, sit ELSEwhere..GRAHAM... a server who very much looks like shaggy from scooby doo, where are you? *shakes head* you've got major issues sonny. for a $100 meal, how DARE you! seriously!!! don't you DARE!i can NOT believe this.. are you kidding? i'm SO irritated and pissed off that i couldn't wait to write this review... my 2nd day visiting SF... i should be out and about partying like a rockstar but of course i'm so pissed that i was literally shaking as i was telling the GM how AWFUL my experience was... HORRIBLE! AWFUL! NASTY! just every word you could think of it! i'm normally a patient person but when you push my buttons more than 5x, it's not going to be pretty... so my friend and i walk in around 520ish, and we wait. we get seated around 6ish. we get seated in the bar seating, and let me tell you, it was uncomfortable! so we scooted over. 1. later, GRAHAM snaps, YES, SNAPS at us, that we have to move over more because these ppl were going to sit down nxt to us. the lady tells us that she wasn't eating, but more or less, just chillin... graham insists that we have to move over. he even SHOVED me *ON PURPOSE* of course, but acted as if it was an accident few times when he went back into the kitchen and came back serving others.at this point, i didn't say anything. i bit my tongue as much as i could until our bill came out. 2. he then, barks at me saying that he will MOVE me if i don't scoot over. WHAT THE?3. let me back up a lil bit before the lady came... so when my friend and i get there, an elderly couple came about the same time WE did, but lo and behold, they got their food right away. we waited 10mins, and then, asked another server, when you see SHAGGY rushing over. according to shaggy, he claims that the elderly couple ordered a diff dish. we wait another 10mins, and another 10 mins, and then 30 mins pass and we see the elderly couple finishing up their dessert, paying their bill and leaving.. are we at the french laundry here????? this is a place where you will not take more than an hour TOPS!WHAT THE ...?!?@$!?%?@#&?#$?&?#$& O MY GAWD, O MY GAWD!4. in the end, we kindly told shaggy that he did not have to be a buttwipe, when he snarls back.. i see someone knocking on the door of CUSTOMER SERVICE 101, yes? 5. you ask about the food? the FOOD? are you serious? the FOOD? the foodie that i am? my fork didn't even get close to the freakin plate! sure, the food came out 2.5 hrs LATER but did we eat it? sadly, we lost our appetite... so, no, sry i cant review about the FOOD!again, thank you JOHN & Patrick (the GM) for trying to patch up the horrible experience, but it seriously left a bad taste in my mouth... if you can, don't get SHAGGY, i mean, GRAHAM, look for JOHN... ... JOHN is this asian fella who was serving others, but occasionally dropped in to see if we needed more bread, water, etc etc... -dearest graham, i am a working professional who is a few steps away in becoming a psychiatrist, and i truly believe, you have more than a mental illness than any human being alive & i will be very happy to find a cure for your illness if you choose to take that route, with no charge... wait, did i say, it was for free?? i think that's quite a generous offer, you don't say? what did you do to the frances team to hire you?sad, sad, sad...
Amazing food, service, and relaxing ambiance. Our cousin who is a chef from Denmark was with my husband and I the last time we were at Frances. We had another amazing dinner. Love their dish ware (japanese local ceramic co. and heath). The host was terrific as well.
It is fantastic! The flavors, the cooking of the food, the service. Just really hard to get a reservation these days :( The Castro has a candidate for the Michelin guide at last near by! Now if we can just get in to enjoy it again!
Absolutely love this place. The Castro has been crying out for years for this kind of quality and care. Only wish it was bigger and easier to get into!
Overall, an enjoyable experience.Started with the applewood smoked bacon beignets which were really tasty. Next the dungeness crab salad which was lightly dressed and included a good amount of crab... yummy but a little oversalted. Last, the skate over brussels sprouts... fish was light and tasty, but the brussels were way oversalted. And, I think I have a good tolerance for salt.The space has been nicely done and is surprisingly not as noisy as you'd expect. The restaurant has a large staff, but there seemed to be confusion/delay in determining who had our table.
Enjoyable and will return. Probably the first place we have been to in SF with visual puns (frites and cannelloni).
This was a great place for a special birthday dinner for my wife. The food was incredibly good, the wine selection was great and the service was excellent. The restaurant is small and lively, which was fun.
Hands down, one of the best dining experiences I've had in SF. I happened upon the restaurant by chance and was able to get a table. (I didn't realize what a feat I had accomplished). Food and service were impeccable and executed flawlessly! The dungeness crab salad was fresh and perfect; the ricotta gnocchi melted in my mouth. I wish I could remember which dessert I ordered, but I know it was heavenly. I can't wait to return--and to give them the 5th star!
Tiny, noisy, hard to get reservations. BUT, the food is EXCELLENT. The signature bacon beignets are delicious. We shared a crab risotto that was delicate and very well prepared. I usually take home half of my entrees (to save room for dessert). Note that the entrees are not huge, however. Hubby had duck--supposed to be medium rare but it was very rare and I would not have been able to eat it. The $1 per ounce house wine is incredible--excellent quality. We started with white and switched to red to "traditionally match" our food. We had about 1 liter and paid $29, which made our overall bill more reasonable than any comparable restaurant because of the wine mark-up.
Finally, after nearly 20 years of living in the Castro, there is now one of the city's top chefs with a restaurant that does rival the best San Francisco has to offer.Melissa Perello has been heralded as not only one of the Bay area's top chefs, but has received extremely positive national attention...and all this at such a young age.I first sampled her style at The Fifth Floor. Each course was a masterpiece. Now, in the Castro, she has a beautiful, simple and elegant space that exudes class and quality. (Keep in mind, this is not The Fifth Floor and it is certainly not as stuffy). In this space, what I liked most about Frances, is the fact that one can dine with one of the best local chefs and know that it will not cost a whole paycheck.As for the food, there really is no reason for me to go into any detail. We chose alot of food and I was not disappointed...each and every course was absolutely delicious. Her food is prepared with knowledge and care and expertly presented and created. Typically her choices are "farm-to-table" so you know that Ms. Perello really does take each and every ingredient into consideration.Service was excellent throughout our entire meal. My one and only recommendation would be to take out just one table...quarters are very tight in this little neighborhood restaurant. With that said, I have already made reservations for future visits. I am confident that if you have read this far, you will sincerely enjoy the ambiance and cuisine of Chef Perello and Frances.
WOW -- Went over a week ago and cannot wait to go back. Dreaming about the duck liver mousse, the dungeness crab risotto, and the lumberjack cake.  Must work my way through the entire menu -- I just cannot wait!
Awesome!Great ambiance. Good service. But, hey, fantastic food...why we dine!Bacon Beignets - Perfect...just rolled in some applewood bacon piecesGrilled Calamari salad... so tender, perfectly dressed Golden Beets & Persimmon & Chicories Salad with Almonds ... yum!Chicken and Bread pudding ... watch out Zuni-chicken!!!Butter beans with Porcini Butter ... OMG The best part of our meal!Lumberjack Cake with Humphrey Slocombe Maple-Walnut Ice CreamReasonably priced. Great food. Definitely the best restaurant in the Castro. Absolutely charming.
Made reservations six weeks out for a Tuesday, and the anticipation was high upon arriving. Let's just say Frances did not disappoint, but rather exceeded expectations on this evening. My dinner was a few weeks ago (lazy Yelper here) so I can't remember specific items, but I will say the one that stuck out are the Bacon Beignets...which are a must order. Seriously, even if you are a vegetarian these little nuggets of heaven are worth falling off the old Tofu wagon for. We did our best to taste the menu and everything was very satisfying to say the least. The service was atttentive yet not overbearing and the crowd was definitely great for people watching. Overall, this was a fantastic eating experience and a place I will most certainly try again. I guess I will have to be sure to schedule that return trip six week in advance!
When your menu is similar in style (rustic California/French) to so many others in the city, you better get it exactly right. And Frances is indeed very, very good. Standouts included the duck liver mousse and the slow roasted beef (short rib). Melissa Perello is back, and apparently still bad as hell.
i really wish frances were right down the block, like pizzaiolo and wood tavern. sadly it's not and i have to make a reservation to eat here (took me 2 months), or risk driving 30-45min to sf to circle around 30 more min looking for parking, to wait 2 hours to eat. that's a long time to wait to eat and i can't do it!! so my one and maybe only meal here - divine. chickpea frites (VERY rich) and asparagus and potato salad (w/ farro) to start, a trottoloni dish and sous-vite style chicken, finished with a chocolate soufle-like dessert with salted caramel ice cream, accented throughout the night by the "house red" (that night a blend of mostly barbera and a touch of syrah). they have farmers market infused "house shots" which i would love to try another night, maybe when i feel brave enough to walk in without a reservation. otherwise i won't eat here, feasibly, until end of aug!!
i've only been here once, but it was one of the best meals i've had in a long while. i took my boyfriend for his birthday and everything was consistently divine. a real gem and an affordable one at that. staff was friendly and ambience was warm and unpretentious, but quite lovely. i can't wait to go back.
For years, the only decent dining option in the Castro has been 2223. Now we have Poesia, and Starbellys, and, most especially, Frances.We're vegetarians, and the food was just excellent. We could have died happy by sucking down several dozen portions of the chick pea fritter appetizers -- pure high fat/high salt nirvana. Unlike other buzz-worthy SF restaurants, the staff could not have been more friendly. No "you're lucky we're deigning to serve you" attitude -- incredibly warm and welcoming.As other reviewers have pointed out, they haven't figured out the crowd problem. You don't want to get stuck eating by the front door, when wannabe customers were almost sitting in diners' laps. We turned down one of the front tables (we had a reservation, made three weeks in advance, and lucky to get it!), but it wouldn't have been a five star experience had we not held out for one of the quieter side tables.Make a reservation for 930 or later several weeks in advance, hold out for one of the few decent private tables, and enjoy.
We went here on Saturday night with a reservation made 2 months ago. We did have to wait about 30 minute for our table, but the host was very nice and it is a very small place. It was worth the wait. The food is delicious and the service is great. We lucked out and got a table for two next to the wall; there are only 2 of these and they are the best tables for 2 - more private, as you are not next to anyone. My only complaints: too noisy, the portions are a bit too big and the entry way gets very crowded. If you have a table up front, I think it would not be great to have people standing all around you. They should turn the tiny bar area (for walk-ins to eat) into a real bar area for people to wait..but I guess that would not make them as much $. Also they brought the asparagus we ordered as a side dish pretty late after we got the entrees - still working some timing issues out in the kitchen.We had:Bacon Beignets - tasty and not greasy at all, but I think this dish is just playing to the bacon/pork trendCalamari Salad - yummyDungeness Crab Salad (Little Gem Salad with Kumquats) - Not what I expected. It was ok, but no the best. Would not order again.Gnocchi - pretty great tasting, slight saltyDuck breast - SO Amazing. Must order this. The reduction on this was so good - it tasted like lamb to me...best dish of the nightScallops - Very good. Choc Mouse w/salted cookies - good, but not the best presentationThey use Blue Bottle coffee, which is fabulous and you can order the house wine by the ounce and it is very tasty - great deal. They bring you a carafe and charge for what you drink. Of course we drank it all ;)Overall, a good experience, but it seemed that most people had to wait about 30 minutes for their table.
Finally a great restaurant in the Castro!
Went there on a Thursday after being unable to get reservations via Open Table on Friday or Saturday night. And this was about 3 weeks in advance.But other than that minor inconvenience, the food was stellar. I had the scallops and my partner had the lamb. The waiter suggested a moderately priced french wine as a compliment to the dinner choices.While the space was small, there were 20 tables, and by 6PM, all tables were filled (who said there is a recession?). Even the bathroom seemed elegant. Overall, a very nice evening.
really good neighborhoody place.
Frances is a beautiful, contemporary neighborhood gem. The foods are very American in origin and beautifully done. Everything was excellent. The house wine is blended onsite and is an amazing value. Although a little pricey, it's easy to see why it's hard to get in: there is very limited seating. I tend to prefer food that is a little more exotic, but this place is a worthwhile experience for an intimate dinner for less adventurous diners... if you can get a reservation!
This restaurant was the last place I ate at in 2009! New Year's Eve, to be exact. It's small and the tables are pretty close together. Probably not a great place for a large group.However, the food was fantastic. The smoked bacon beignets had just the right amount of bacon to tantalize but not saturate...these were better than any beignets I've ever had, savory or sweet. I had the chicken for dinner, it was perfectly cooked and juicy. My husband had the beef dish and said it was also perfectly cooked. They give the right amount of accompaniments to the main dishes, and the portions are ample without being too much.We'll have to return for dessert...we were full from our entrees and those beignets. This place isn't casual enough to visit all the time, but, fortunately not too expensive to save for only special occasions. It is definitely a welcome addition to the neighborhood!
Solid!!  Small place, which makes it harder to get a table, but i like fewer tables and more effort into the food -- which they seem to do.
What a cute neighborhood restaurant! It's still working out the "new restaurant" kinks though. I like its atmosphere, a modern vibe with down to earth service, just the right low lighting, and clean interior design. The restaurant's timing, however, is a challenge. We had 8:30 reservations on a Friday night, and were not seated until just after 9pm. After we ordered, it took a 1/2 hour for our appetizer to come, at which point, we were extremely hungry! On the food, the duck liver mousse appetizer had a smooth consistency and a delicious meaty texture, balanced just right with a small side of pickled greens. The slow cooked beef was a disappointment - it was overcooked and lacked flavor. The Cod was done well and I liked how seasonal ingredients were incorporated into this dish. We tried the chocolate tart dessert, which had exactly the rich flavor that I like in any chocolate!The wine list has a good selection of Californian and International wines by the bottle and glass, and I think there's something for everyone here. Overall, I think this restaurant is great as a neighborhood place to go, but I wouldn't make it a dining destination.
i don't have much to add beyond what others have written. this place rocks my world. the house wine by the ounce is quite good (and a good value).this is one of the few $$-$$$$ restaurants in SF that pass my "would I come back here on my own dime" test. Frances passes with flying colors. i just wish the reservations were easier to come by.
July 2011 - its good!
Favorite restaurant in SF (I know! It beats in my book - Boulevard, Gary Danko, Canteen, Aziza, well.. you get the picture). Melissa does an amazing execution of each dish - sure I could have little nits and nats, but I felt very welcome at this restaurant. The host - Patrick - did a great job of ensuring that we were welcomed (it was almost scary that he knew my name from my reservation) and even the waiters were concerned we weren't helped for the 2 minutes we waited and stopped by to make sure we were taken care of. So here are the dishes we had and my thoughts:- Bacon Beignets - LOVED IT! Very light & fluffy - not exactly a beignet, more the texture of a doughnut (not sweet for those wondering). I could see where someone would want more bacon in it....ok, me... but I can't complain it was just executed well.- Calamari Salad - perfection - light, refreshing, perfectly cooked where the calamari wasn't chewy and difficult to eat. More complex in flavor than you'd expect at first glance.- Dungeness Crab Salad (Little Gem Salad with Kumquats) - Delicious. I wouldn't say it was the most creative dish ever, but it fit my requirement for some vegetable and the kumquats created a nice pairing to the salad adding a refreshing citrus taste.- Gnocchi - YUM! I love english peas and morels and green garlic, so the flavors blended well for me. The only thing I could see someone complain about it on this dish is that I prefer to have the gnocchi slightly pan fried. It might have been for a little bit, but would have loved to have a slight crisp texture on the pasta.- Duck breast - Amazing. If you like duck, I'd recommend it - the skin was crispy, although I could go for a slight more crisp on it as well... but altogether fabulous. The sausage that accompanies brings a complexity of flavor to this dish that separates it from other duck dishes.- Scallops - Very good. Only complaint I have here is that the flavors are more simple and straight forward and lacks the complexity of the duck, and I did have a few grains of sand in it, but nothing as bad as the scallops I had at Chef Trevino's restaurant in Puerto Rico (Budatai).- Lumberjack Cake - This is a great cake and combination... the texture of this cake is seriously so moist and flaky with such a nice slightly crisp texture on the top. Of course pairing with Humprhey Slocombe ice cream never hurts too!Oh one more thing - I love the concept that you can have house wine and pay by the ounce - it's affordable at $1/oz.. The wines were delicious and paired great with the food. Genius idea...5*+. Loved it. Thanks Melissa & team for a great dinner! I'll be back!
Loved the whole experience!
Yum. Called around 8:30pm on Saturday and was able to get a table for 3 at 10. Nice, earthy modern decor. Lively but not excessively loud inside. Good for a date or dinner with friends. Great house blend red which you can order by the ounce. We shared the grilled calamari to start - spicy oily goodness. I had the caramelized scallops which were yummy and my bf had the roasted leg of lamb which was super tender and juicy. We went a little crazy on the dessert and got the lumberjack cake, the pain d'epices, and the expresso/chicory root panna cotta - all good but the panna cotta was amazing. If you like coffee and a little bitter with your sweet, you'll love it. Worth going just for that.
I had such high hopes for this new upcoming, nominated James Beard "chef" of the year, Castro Restaurant..but alas it was lack luster at best. Chickpea fritz with aioli..so big and way to creamy and to pair with a aioli made it all seem bland and too fatty. Beignet with Bacon was good but once again it was sent with a maple syrup cr fraiche..didnt marry well. Squid salad with beans, arugula and green olives..squid was under seasoned and undercooked, beans were bland and a little too al dente for my taste..way to many olives which made it too salty. My wife had the corn soup with a few black beans. The soup was so sweet that it was unpleasant and way to thick. I had the Chicken pate with grilled levain and pickled cherries. when serving pate probably best not to use an 8 oz scooper (what rhymes with scoop..right) yeah totally unappetizing, as well. it to me, was lacking some serious depth and once again seasoning. Cherries were good. Then we shared the gnocchi with corn, tomato basil ragout..ragout was delish the gnocchi was well way to big and clumsy, gummy.. not soft and delicate like i feel it should have been..it killed the delicateness of the ragout.service was great and the Pinot Noir I had was lovely.This BTW is just my humble OP..bon appetit
I love this place. When you go here you feel like the most special person on Earth, not only because it is really hard to get in, but because the service is impeccable, the food is unbelievable, and the atmosphere is so comfortable you feel absolutely at home. I have been only twice, so far, and plan to go again. Both times the food was really wonderful and Melissa sent over a few little yummy extras that we didn't expect, which was nice. All in all, it's become my favorite restaurant in SF.
I still love this place but have to take them down a star after my 3rd visit. The food was good but the service was SLOW between courses and the people next to us actually sat down while we were ordering our meal had 3 courses and were able to leave by the time we got our entrees. There was no explanation and just a brief apology. Not really Michelin star caliber if you ask me. The soup was excellent and my duck breast was very good but the wait? Maybe it was just an off night?
Farm fresh, simple, delicious food. Cute little place!
Frances is the type of restaurant I would have loved to dined at the last time I was in Paris. Fresh ingredients, exquisitely prepared, served by a professional team of knowledgeable and friendly servers. The bacon beignets were interesting, but definitely I loved the fried bricks of chickpeas (trust me, it's much better than my pedestrian description of it). Loved the calamari as well (almost as good as the ones at Poesia). The only drawback is how close the tables were to each other, so much so that I could hear thr conversations next to me better than my own...though I am not subtracting a star since I also learned what dishes others loved. Apparently the soup and halibut were to die for. All in all, I loved Frances and would recommend ordering everything on the small plates menu, sharing them like tapas, and skipping the entrees and desserts.
My gf and I visited last fall and we still remember some of the dishes. Their heirloom tomato salad was so fresh, and their fish dish was excellent too. But most of all, we are big fans of their house wine, which charged per the amount you drank. A big difference if your gf isn't a big drinker, but more of a sipper.
Objective data: Food eaten= Applewood smoked bacon beignets with maple creme fraiche & chive Crispy chickpea fritters, lemon and black olive aioli Northern halibut with manila clams, butter beans, summer squash and cherry tomatoes Pacific king salmon served on top of creamed white corn, chanterelles and meyer lemon gremolata dessert= Lumberjack cake with lady apple, medjool dates,humphry slocombe maple-walnut ice cream Warm bourbon pastel sour cherry & bourbon cake with creme fraiche chintilly Wine= 2004 Ridge Zinfandel Blend, Geyserville California Subjective data: I was excited when my friend suggested eating dinner at this restaurant as I have read a review in the SF chronicle placing this restaurant in top 100 in the city. I went on a Thursday night and there was a line almost out the door... impressive.... We were handed sake watermelon shots to hold us over as we waited for a seat at the bar and they were quite delicious. My friend suggested we try the house wine, I had a taste and it was simply awful; vinegar, I didn't even finish the little taste we had been given. I settled for a ridge wine that I had tasted at the winery itself about a year ago and already knew it was wonderful. The chickpea fritters were wonderful, soft buttery flavor but most of the tastes were in the dipping sauce. The beignets were fluffy buttery delight with a bacon taste lingering on your tongue and again the dipping sauce was very flavorful. The halibut was served in a broth like mixture with an appealing collage of color and flavors. The halibut was cooked to perfection and flaked off into my fork with little to no effort. The salmon was amazing and well balanced with the fresh white creamed corn. The salmon was by far my favorite entree of the evening. The lumberjack cake was wonderful but huge and the maple walnut ice cream was to die for! The bourbon cake was a disappointment and lacked flavor. Service was wonderful at the bar, plenty of attention was given. I'm torn between 4 and 5 stars only because of the bad house wine and bland dessert. However, I feel the excellent service and superb quality of some of the dishes balance out the negatives in my review. I'm a fan and will be coming here often!
Dropped by Frances for a man date after hearing fantastic things. For the price, you really can't go wrong here. The service was excellent, the wine we chose was fabulous and very reasonably priced but the food was not as fantastic as I had hoped. They had chicken liver on special that night and it was to die for, as were the chocolate concoction with caramel ice cream and burnt caramel sauce we had for desert and the butter bean soup with porcini mushrooms; however, the pasta appetizer was something I could have easily made as good or better at home and the entres left something to be desired (we got the steak and chicken). I really want to give this place 5 stars, so I will definitely be going back to see if they can wow me with every course the next go around!
(Rating, i'd give a 2.5 star if i could, but feeling nice today)After going to Frances for my bday, back in January, my fiance and I couldn't wait to get back. We went back a couple nights ago and took another couple who we had raved about our last experience there to. The starters were all good, the bacon beignets were good as usual, so was the calamari... then the salads and soup we had were all good, but didn't blow our minds, yes very fresh veggies, but still was not AMAZING. That's when things came to a halt. After waiting for an hour after the salads, the host came our way and explained that we were being held up because we were a 4 top and it was an unusual night. I don't really understand what that means, but regardless, a Micheline star rated restaurant shouldn't have issues serving a table of 4.  Anyway, after almost 2 full hours at the restaurant, we got the main courses. We were so excited, and hungry again for them, but only the scallops were above average. The chicken was only OK, nothing special at all, the lamb was a bit chewy (and was not presented all that nicely) and the halibut was over cooked and REALLY salty. Next the waiter (who i think is an owner) told us he'd take care of us to make up for the LONG dinner (with tables that arrived after us being fed well before us) with dessert, btw we never complained about the service. None of us really wanted dessert, but we obliged and ordered one. He came back with 2 additional desserts, nice gesture, but whatever. Anyway, the kicker was that they still charged us for the dessert we ordered.  I don't expect a "gift," but i have been to plenty of restaurants that have handled this situation a LOT better than this.Needless to say, dinner was good, not great, not even close to as good as the dinner we had in January. I am sure we'll give it another try one day, but dinner on Tues. was a HUGE bummer.
We went to Frances expecting to be blown away, but we weren't. The place is crowded and very noisy, but that goes with the territory. We started with the calamari appetizer and enjoyed the flavors and textures but thought the portion a bit on the small side. We moved on to the pasta which was excellent, but again on the small side. From there we went to the salmon main course. The salmon was good and properly cooked, the sauce was OK, but combining the salmon with a bit of sauce and a few chunks of boiled potatoes left us underwhelmed. Repeat the above comment as to portion. Finally, for dessert, we had the chocolate clafoutis and salted cinnamon ice cream. The ice cream was excellent but the cake was ordinary.The wine list was impressive and interesting and reasonably priced. The bottom line? Decent but not spectacular food, smallish portions, far from being a bargain. Would we go back again? Probably not. There are too many other truly excellent restaurants in SF.
Went back. Had a very good meal. Not five stars across the board, but almost just for the appetizer (duck liver mousse with Date butter) which was the best things I've eaten this year. Got a table quickly at the bar with no reservation. Love the atmosphere. The entrees are very good, but not quite as good as the hype i think.
Wow! What an amazing meal! Something happened with our reservation through opentable, so we ended up sitting at the bar - which we decided were the best seats in the house. Our server Joe was friendly and helpful, making great recommendations from the menu. Everything we had was amazing, including a fennel and white bean soup and an outstanding pasta with sausage. Yum! I wish I lived closer and could come here regularly.
Great food - very light, fresh and interesting. You won't get stuffed here, but it all tastes good. The decor is nice and the staff is friendly. I would definitely go back since the menu changes daily.
I had been looking forward to Frances for a while now; two months to be exact. My friend G made the reservation as this would be the place for our annual pre-Lucasfilm-holiday party dinner. Because of all of the raves I had heard up to this point, the bar was set very high for Frances and I wish I could say they reached it, but sadly they didn't (not sure if this is the restaurant's fault or my own silly expectations but read on to decide for yourself). The sommelier arrived and poured the house sparkling water (which I love) but this was soon deemed irrelevant as our waiter came by shortly thereafter and poured still water into all of our glasses (which contained the aforementioned bubbles). We then ordered the house white (which I had heard of previously and at $1/per ounce is one of the best deals in the city), and two bouche's - the grilled Calamari with preserved lemon, shaved fennel, radish and arugula and the crisp red Garnet yams with Meyer lemon, Parmesan and Calabrese chili Aioli. They also brought our warm, toasted almonds which tasted warm and oily with a hint of herbs that made the wait for our bouches well worth it (S and I were starving as we hadn't eaten anything since lunchtime and you have to request bread which we did but our waiter forgot). Both G & D warned that the bouches were tiny but I wasn't prepared for how tiny when they came out. Each essentially provided only a bite of the Calamari and a sliver of yam and at $6.50 a pop it seemed a little much (after all isn't the bouche something the restaurant sends out gratis)? The Calamari was delicious and certainly did its job of whetting my appetite (it was so good in fact that I allowed myself to be talked into eating one of the tentacles - something I usually refrain from doing). And the yam was just that - a yam. The Meyer lemon/chili aioli was ok but didn't stand out in acidity or heat compared to the sweetness of the potato. I was disappointed that we didn't order the bacon beignets as this was a dish I had heard about and that sang to me in its simplistic goodness. Everyone else at the table relented and let me order them which we did before our appetizers came. The appetizers consisted of the Parmesan gnocchi for me, crab salad for D & S and the Chicory salad for G. All of the appetizers were delicious and both S & D raved about the amount of crab in their salads but my gnocchi were a little tough which was odd considering D's only memory of his last experience at Frances were the gnocchi and how light they were. Also, Chanterelles made up a majority of the dish but they were so soggy and limp looking that I wasn't even sure what they were. Thankfully, the beignets arrived and they were simply delicious - light, bacon-y and crispy - everything one wants in a savory, little morsel of deep-fried, bacon flavored goodness. Our main courses consisted of the Bavette steak for me and D and the duck for G & S. My steak was deliciously rare and I loved the farro served underneath but it almost felt like overkill. I tend to use farro when I need something meaty and hearty and it seemed to compete a little too much with the beef on my plate. S liked his duck but found that he could have done without it completely and just eaten a plate of the Italian Butter beans that came with it. We also ordered a side of Brussels sprouts with hazelnuts and polenta and while the sprouts were flavorful and had that delicious bitter and caramelized flavor from roasting in the oven, the polenta had an extraordinary texture but no flavor. We had a carafe of the house red and again were blown away by how complex, rich and satisfying it was. Service throughout our meal was great when it was provided by our waiter who was efficient but jovial. The other staff members were efficient but almost to the point of being intrusive - they cleaned the table after ever course with a wet towel, placement of the serve ware or plates/glass had to be "just so" so the interruptions were a bit unexpected. Also, having to request bread (it was brought to the table after our first request, but S had to keep asking every time he wanted another slice) was a little annoying. Dessert was next and I ordered the Humphrey-Slocombe Maple-Walnut ice cream, S ordered the bread pudding and D ordered the Pudding cake. S would later describe his bread pudding as the worst bread pudding he had ever eaten - because it was so dry and tasteless. It came to the table in a little crock and you poured hot chocolate on top of it so the custardy texture/taste that one expects with a bread pudding wasn't there. The bill worked out the approximately $90/per person which for 3 carafes of wine plus all the food we ordered and our table for the night (we were there for about 3 hours) isn't that bad but I was hoping for more. I think Frances deserves a second chance and will return with hopefully with more realistic expectations so that I can walk away being seriously satisfied.
the only reason that i didn't give this 5 stars is because i wasn't super impressed by the wine list; however, everything else was AMAZING. this is one of the best restaurants in the city - not fussy, not pretentious, just really well crafted cusine.
delicious! worth the wait and the late reservations. had a surprise birthday dinner here and the food and service were amazing. the menu changes often but i can recommend the beet/carrot bouchee, gnocchi, risotto, cod, and brussels sprouts. great wine as well!
just went last night without a reservation and got seats in the bar area right away (granted it was 5:30). the food was great and the atmosphere is nice and it was not excessively expensive! they have house wine at $1/oz so a glass is $6. pretty good.
Had the pleasure of eating here once again and I just had to add to my initial review about one specific appetizer - one which many have already raved about. The special duck liver mousse. If they have it - you should order it. I don't even like duck liver! This was so amazing and the portion is ridiculous. Frances gives a generous portion and it comes with this wonderful toast with what was either a fig or berry jam which complimented the mousse perfectly! I actually ended up taking my salad home (another huge portion) so that we could polish off the mousse while we were there. The salad was so fresh and crisp, that even the next day it tasted just tossed!
I keep meaning to review this restaurant, and finally remembered! We received a GC from a friend, who told us to get there early (4:30pm) and stand in line (we didn't have reservations), so we could sit at the bar. Showing up at 4:30pm, we were the 2nd couple in line! By the time 5pm came along, there were about 20 people in line. The bar is very small and crowded, but well worth squeezing in for this fabulous meal. Our seats were facing the kitchen, and it was like watching a well oiled machine, hard at work. Because this was a few months ago (April), I can't remember exactly what we had, and I see the menu has changed a bit. We definitely had the Beignets (awesome) and Frites. I give it four stars for appetizers and service, however, the main entrees where just so-so (streak and pasta?). The dessert was to-die for (chocolate cake/banana). Though we had a GC, the meal and 2 glasses of wine, were just over $100 - very reasonable for a good dinner in SF. It took us 2 hours from start to finish, and there were still people waiting for a bar seat (and they were in line with us when the place opened). We took Muni in for the meal, and from the looks of it, parking would have been hard to find.
this is as good as it gets.  getting a reservation here is hard, but luckily we were up for late night eating and got a reservation the same day for 10 pm. maybe i'm old now and prefer a restaurant that's not too loud but not too quiet, but frances' atmosphere was small and nice.the food. had the bacon beignets, the lamb, and the risotto. beignets were delicious and fluffy and smokey. you can't really go wrong with fried and bacon so this gets a 4. the lamb was so tender and they had 3 different cuts: loin, shank and rib all in one dish. the eggplant complimented perfectly. the flavor of the whole dish was perfect. 5.the risotto was probably the best dish of the night. it's vegetarian and i'm a carnivore, but it was amazing. roasted mushrooms and vegetables in the creamiest most flavorful risotto you'll ever have. this would get a 6 but since my scale is on a 5, it gets a 5. we also had the house wine which you pay by the ounce. 18 ounces of a perfect red blend was perfect and very cheap considering that you're usually paying at least 40 bucks for a bottle at a restaurant of this stature. i will be back to frances. easily one of the best fine dining experiences i've had in sf.
The best restaurant! Food is ALWAYS excellent. Wait staff is experienced, fun, and warm. The pudding cake with yogurt is incredible. Tough to get a seat but worth every bit of effort.
just happen to be walking by one saturday late afternoon and two seats were availalble at the bar, so we went in and had a wonderful experience. ever since, however, all attempts to communicate with this place are ignored -- they never answer the phone or return calls. they sound very nice in their outgoing message, but don't expect the courtesy of a response. perhaps success breeds apathy.food = fine. manners = needs work.
I'd put this in the same category as Range and Pizzetta 211--good bordering on potentially very good, but also highly over-rated and over-hyped. Yes, you'll enjoy your evening at Frances, if you can get in, but it's not a life-changing experience like some reviewers imply. But that's just my own opinion, and I'm happy for everyone who is in love with this place.
Ate at Frances on Wednesday night after waiting 2 months for a reservation. We were SO excited..and then..it was ok. Have to say I am a bit confused over all of the stellar reviews-did we just hit an off night? Ordered the applewood bacon beignets-they were, dare I say-gummy. Salad was so-so at best.  Also ordered the lamb and the chicken. I have to say, the chicken had NO flavor and was downright boring! Hubby had the lamb, and again, it was just ok. The ingredients were top notch, but you still have to bother to season the damn thing!
i came here with some friends for NYE dinner, it was simply one of the best dining experiences i've ever had.  right from the start, the host had a warm smile on his face. the food was delicious .. we had the chickpea fritters (amazing!), beet salad (so good), dungeness crab salad (delectable), and the vegetarian dish (forgot what it was called but it was very tasty). the service was excellent, from the waiter to all the different people who came by to refill our water. we also ordered a bottle of wine which was really good (il bastardo, or something similiar) and it was only about $20 (score!). upon leaving the restaurant, the host once again had a warm friendly smile on his face and wished us a happy new year. thanks, Frances, for making our NYE so special.
Great food, great service, make a reservation far in advance. Always get the market shot - which is delicious....
We finally got the chance to go to the coveted Frances with our dear friend. Of course, we had made reservations many weeks ago. And only then, we were able to get a table at 10PM. Frances is a Club Dine In! approved restaurant. Frances supports the shortest distance between the source and the table, bringing its guests local, sustainable and organic products when available. The menu is market-driven. They also have custom blended wine on tap- $1 per ounce! Frances has garnered 3 stars from the SF Chronicle and the chef/owner, Melissa Perello, has quite a few accolades under her belt. Everything was delicious. The brioche was something I could have everyday. The roasted beat salad was perfect. However, the Crepe Cannelloni wasn't as good as it looked and I've had better trout. Our friend loved his lamb. I have a huge sweet tooth, but only eat worthwhile desserts. Unfortunately, the Almond and Semolina Crostata was not worth the calories and sugar. The ambiance is nice and beautiful, the service perfect and overall experience worthwhile. I would go back in a heartbeat if getting in wasn't such a drag.
Had a great meal a couple months ago at Frances on 17th & Pond in San Francisco. From start to finish ithe food was sublime, seasonal and spot on. From the two bouche (Brioche with Straciatella, radishes, peas and seasonal greens and grilled calimari with Italian butter beans with rucola) to the mains (green garlic stuffed chicken and crpe canneloni with wild mushrooms) through desert (fresh shortbreads with semifreddo and a tort of rubarhb with chantilly & strawberries). The meal was seasonal, the service was exemplary and the experience was top notch.
Best dining value in Northern California. I suppose you could get a better meal at the French Laundry or Chez Panisse, but Frances ranked up there in terms of the quality of the food and the dining experience. And best of all, you weren't compelled to wear a jacket, whisper throughout the meal or spend a small fortune.
loved it all - Applewood-smoked bacon beignets, local dungeness crab salad, Bavette steak with chimichurri, carmelized scallops, and bittersweet chocolate mouse with seasalt cookies... great house wine = heavenly food
yum! everything was deliciousservice was awesome and friendly...a little slow between courses but that was forgiven since the food was so amazing...shot of the day and wine by the ounce...what could be better????
Tasty, but I left feeling rather heavy.
I really wanted to like Frances. I waited almost 2 months to eat here. First of all, service was excellent. We were running late, since parking in the area is brutal. We called to warn them while we were circling. Happily, were still seated within a few minutes and offered still or sparkling (free) water. I do love that trend in restaurants. We had the bacon beignets and chickpea fritters. Beignets were fine, but I guess I just hate maple. They tasted like bacon, but without the satisfying chewiness of bacon itself. Fritters were very pretty and the flavor was awesome but they were too dense for my taste. Also had the chicken liver mousse. I'm not a liver person, but my date claims it was very good (and the best thing we ate). We had the guinea hen and the steak entrees. The sides with the hen were awesome, but the meat tasted off and the skin was not even crispy. As for the steak, the sides were fine, but the meat itself was stringy and hard to chew and even harder to cut through. We left half of each entree. I heard the desserts are amazing, but after our lackluster entrees, we lost all ambition to try. So, 1 star for the service and an extra star for the wine by the ounce concept, which is great.
Finally drove by on a Thursday night and we were able to snag bar seating for two, which is just fine with us as the table spacing is pretty cramped and we don't like to make plans weeks in advance. The food is the focus, and it's sublime, from the market shots (that's a food group, right?) and the wine by the ounce (can we get another carafe?) to the bacon beignets, which I would not ordinarily order thinking them too leaden, to the delightful parsnip soup, the citrus-y grilled calamari, the scallop entree and beyond.  Finished off with Blue Bottle coffee and an ethereal chocolate mousse. The service was great, even though the place was hopping at 8:30 or 9:00.  I genuinely like the staff/management. The only problem is how often we can get a spot at the bar; the waiter said, in a not gloatful manner, that the first Saturday night reservation was now in April.  Once the tourist and gotta-go-cause-it's-new buzz dies down, I certainly hope that this can be a reliable go-to neighborhood restaurant; we'd make a regular habit of attending.  In the meantime, I'm looking forward to drive-bys, where we just duck in when there's a lull.
What a wonderful experience. This is a small neighborhood place in the Castro. Start with interesting drink concoctions and move on to the delicious table wine in a carafe priced at $1/oz. Chef/Owner Melissa Perello formerly of Charles Nob Hill and Fifth Floor prepares food using the freshest ingredients sourced from Norther California artisan farmers. Her dishes are remarkably simple yet elegant at the same time. My wife and i dined with another foodie couple and shared many of the dishes to get the broadest spectrum of flavors. From the applewood smoked bacon beignets, to the albondigas each amuse was delicious. We all tried something different for the entree. The chicken was amazing, the beef was also top notch and the scallops were sublime. The desserts were also to die for. The lumberjack cake and the panache paired with a Madeira was wonderful. I can't say how great a place this is especially for the price. If you love great food, you must go.
Amazing.
Dinner at Frances on a Friday evening. Difficult street parking, but we found a spot three blocks away.Charming cozy neighborhood restaurant, love the series of black and white pictures on the wall.Got the nice window table. We ordered the bacon beignets and the cakamari with persimmons, they are called " bouchees", so they were smaller than the appetizers. The crab salad was delightful. The bavette steak was average, but we loved the roulade of chicken!! It was cooked sous vide, moist and tender, then browned lightly. The black cod was delicious also, with artichokes hearts. Portions were a bit smaller than most other restaurants.For desserts we shared a panna cotta and a lumberjack cake with Humphrey Slowcombe ice cream. Finished every single crumb of it!!Service was very friendly, but a bit disorganized. Different people served the food and bread, so we were missing silverware and had to ask twice.Nice wine list. The place was vibrantly full the whole time we were there. Definitely a great hot spot for the neighborhood.
Frances was absolutely a wonderful dining experience. We were celebrating a friend's birthday and wanted to fully enjoy all that we had heard about Frances' food. The four of us ordered about two thirds of all the beautiful and delectable dishes on the menu; the dishes were amazing. Our waiter was so friendly and the service was great. Reservations are hard to get, so you have to book way in advance and be open to mid-week dining. It is great having a restaurant of Frances' caliber in the Castro.
I'd recommend specific dishes but it seems like many of them change from day to day. The only thing I've had that I didn't like much was the lumberjack cake (it's popular, but was a little too dense for my taste). Service is very gracious and welcoming.
Party of 4, dined 1.17.12, repeat visit (last ate there in August). Our experience was so-so, and a significant disappointment compared to last time. Food was very mixed. Bacon beignets, a special duck liver mouse, and deserts were excellent. Salad with duck confit bits was very good, but overpriced at $13 (duck liver mouse was, in contrast, spectacular, much more satisfying, larger, and $11). Clam appetizer was 4 small bites of minced clams, tasty but way too small. Entrees: crepe dish was excellent, snapper was very good but small with virtually no accompaniments for $28. Babette steak was literally horrible - so chewy and fibrous as to be inedible - all 4 of us tried it, and 2/3 of it was left uneaten. On the way out the manager apologized (and they took it off the bill), saying they get huge slabs of flank steak, and its is "really tough to work with" and while he thinks most portions taken from the slab are fantastic, they know that some of the portions taken from the slab turn out to be very tough. Huh? They knowingly just serve it up realizing that sometimes it will be terrible? Ordered medium rare, ours was also way undercooked, though proper cooking wouldn't have solved the chewiness problem. Service was also very mixed, and we had at least a 30 minute wait between appetizer and entrees. After waiting that long only to receive inedible steak, that's not good. Very unlikely that we'll return, even though we live in the neighborhood. Lots of better choices out there....
Easily one of the best meals I have ever had. EVERYTHING was delicious. Drinks, food, dessert. Service and staff was friendly and great. We were the last ones out of there at the end of the night. Didn't want to leave...so full and happy I wanted someone to roll me outta there!
Eagerly we waited for Frances to open in this seemingly cursed space. It was worth the wait. From lovely service, prompt, delicious almond treats, clever taster cocktails and stunning flavors of the Chicories, Cannelloni, lovely wine -it all just clicked. Such a relief after suffering the grossly over-rated bummer of Starbelly. We are delighted to have Frances. Bon appetit!
Fantastic. We had the frites, bacon beignets, salad, gnocchi, chicken and cod...all delicious.  So great to see a new restaurant hire professionals who have their act together...and in the first week!
This was probably the best meal I have had in San Francisco. We were able to walk in and sit at the counter. We had the bacon beignets, little gem salad, white corn soup, and the chicken wings special for the appetizers. They were all incredible, some of the best appetizers I have ever had. For our entrees we had the steak, albacore tuna, and the pasta. All were outstanding. And for dessert we order the cake with caramelized banana and salted caramel ice cream. Other people reviewing this restaurant complained about the long wait for entrees and dessert. Sitting at the counter, we were able to see into the kitchen. We watched as a chef took 10 minutes to make sure our dessert was absolutely perfect. She even threw away a glob of ice cream because she didn't like the way she constructed it. The care and appreciation for their food was ridiculous and thus provided our party with the ultimate dinner. Every item was perfect.
I would give the food a 4 star but overall was not entirely impressed or maybe we were just spoiled from previous restaurants during the week. Seating is very tight...you actually have to pull out your table to get into the bench seat. Service at 530 was on the slower side...took about 10-15min just to get a bottle of wine ordered. The bacon beignets were good but not worth all the rave, fried dough with bacon. The pasta dish was excellent but a little small, I would order a double for a main meal. The beef with fig and gnocchi was too on the small side. There were about 4 gnocchi on the plate. This is one of those places you have no choice but to stare at your neighbors plate and listen to each others conversations. We decided to pass on dessert and when we did this, the owner or GM ( asian gentleman) came up to us and said he heard we would not be ordering dessert and wanted to know why ( in a friendly way) but it was a little too invasive? Weird. Food is good, service was decent, not good for groups. Oh annoyingly... they would not answer the phone all day ( even after 2pm). Maybe they were filled with reservations and did not want to answer the phone 100 times and say they had no availability. My boyfriend was trying to arrange to pay the bill for my friend and me and he was unable to because phone was not being answered. Maybe we would have ordered dessert.....:)
went here the first week it opened and i have to say it was pretty darn good. we started out with the agave wine and fruit juice shots which were wonderful and first discovered "Once the table" cab sauv wine here which is great for the price. we also had the bacon beignets, albondigas, gnocchi, short ribs....just to name a few. all were delicious. the desserts we had were just ok but i'm sure they have gotten better. my only complaint has to be that i made a reservation and arrived right on time only to watch the manager give our table to what looked like his friends that had just walked in. we ended up waiting 45min to an hour for another table to open up. which wasn't too bad since we were comped a few appetizers, a drink, and perhaps dessert. this definitely made up for the long wait. i just wish i hadn't arrived to see it all happen.....all in all i'm definitely coming back here and thought the food was divine.
after making reservations 3 weeks in advance, i finally made it to frances to see what the hype was about. while it wasn't quite the dream foodie restaurant i've been looking for every since moving back to the bay area this past year, it is definitely a solid addition to the castro area. i didn't think the bacon beignets were as amazing as everyone else seems to rave about; they were a bit too bready for my tastes. the duck breast entree was excellent though, as was the chocolate mousse with salted caramel. warm and friendly service to go along with the meal as well.
