I think I literally died and went to heaven as soon as I finished eating. Actually, I didn't even finish eating all the wings I ordered because their portions were huge!The service was incredibly amazing. My boyfriend and I walked in there not really knowing where to go, and as soon as we entered someone greeted us and asked if we wanted to eat there or take it to go. We wanted to eat there, so they allowed us to choose a booth and gave us a menu to choose from. She also walked us through the choices and told us what was popular.I ordered 10 wings because whenever I order chicken wings, it's usually the amount I get. I'm used to getting wings that are mediocre in size, so I thought I could handle 10 wings from Frisco Fried. I WAS DEAD WRONG. The portions are enormous, and after 5 wings I was ready to tap out. Luckily for me, I was able to take the rest home to eat for lunch at work the next day (saved me some money)!My boyfriend loved his chicken and waffles. The waffle was perfectly cooked, not soggy, and paired well with the perfectly breaded chicken wing. Whatever y'all did with those wings, keep doing it. Amazeballs.----TL;DR: Tasty, crispy chicken dishes served in large portions at a good price. LOVED IT!
Everything was good here. We had the 3 piece fried chicken and waffles, fried catfish, frisco sampler with wingettes, prawns, oysters and Oxtail dinner. The oxtail is so tender fall of the bone deliciousness in a very flavorful gravy served over rice. We also got a few sides of rice and beans, collard greens, corn bread, mashed potatoes and gravy. All the sides were really good. I will definitely come back here just for the Oxtail. But everything else was good just not flavorful enough for my taste. There service was also nice. We got to watch our warriors whoop on the cavs once again. haha.
The dinner portion oxtail was amazing. Soft and melt in your mouth, so flavorful. The collard greens taste like it was cooked with white wine, they were great. The portion sizes are generous and you'll probably have enough to take home. The atmosphere was casual, and the game was playing. I would definitely come back for the food.
What a find! We came here right before a concert one night with a group of 6. We were greeted right away by a friendly woman, she sat us down and got us water to start. We decided to order the 20pc meal I think. The waitress tried to tell us we could have gone with the 16 but my friends went full Chinese and said "but we can get 4 more pieces for just 5$" and we ended up having a lot left over. The chicken was moist, not dry. The skin was crunchy and not burnt. Perfect flavorful chicken. We ordered two waffles to share and it came with maple syrup that was nice and hot. The waffles have a cinnamon and vanilla flavor to it. Seriously the best Chicken and Waffles I've ever had. I'm still not sure why they are paired because the flavors don't really mix. We got collard greens which were not over cooked, it still had some texture to it and wasn't mushy as my friend pointed out. We got the mac and cheese which were ok, I'm not a big fan of mac and cheese. I mean I'll eat it but it's just mac and cheese. And we also ordered the mashed potatoes. I think their gravy was very flavorful and I wished I could have asked for more but I was hungry, and there were 6 people at the table, and nobody got time to ask for more gravy. Oh and maybe some honey for the corn bread muffin. The muffins were kinda dry but that's really a non issue. All came out to 13$ each with tip and a lot of leftovers. So very good food for the price.
The chicken is soo juicy and pippin hot, waffle is sooo fluffy and soft. I love it but the food comes out soooo long, I almost died of starvation lol but definitely worth it. I got 2 chicken + waffles and it's filling enough.
PSA-Pricing on the wall is outdated so don't trust it unless they have updated to match their menuWait time for your order can be quite extensive since they make to order each batch. I believe for our 8 piece plus the Oyster and Shrimp Fries combo it took 40 minutes! As for the chicken, it was well fried, seasoned properly and satisfying. Oysters and shrimp were also done well. When it comes to fried food, if its executed well its going to be delicious, as it was in this case. However, to really stand out among everyone else, requires something above the norm. Frisco fried didn't deviate from the trend but rather focused on executing it well.Overall ThoughtsDelicious fried chicken made to order, really can't ask for more
I love the waffles here! They are prepared just right and are super flavorful especially when covered in the warm maple syrup. Combining them with fried chicken is just heaven...and a food coma after. I ordered the waffles with 2 pieces of chicken ($9.99). You can choose which part. I chose a leg and a thigh. I also ordered a side of Mac and cheese, which was alright. Overall, great food and service! The only con is the lack of ventilation in the restaurant. Had my clothes and hair smelling bad :(
Food = great! We may have found a great soul food joint in SF!We tried the fried chicken (crispy, flavorful, and piping hot), collard greens (the best we've had so far in the Bay Area, period.), garlic noodles (definitely garlicky, if you're into that), mac-n-cheese (a bit on the sweet side, in a good way). He wanted a burger, so we tried one, which I thought was okay. (They have a very large selection of seafood as well.) Prices = reasonable to moderate. It's worth the quality. Two chicken dinners (2 pieces, comes with your choice of two sides, and a cornbread muffin), two drinks and one burger, lunch for two was $35.31, with leftovers. Service = friendly. And definitely worth the 15-20 minute wait for the piping hot food. If it's fried...why would you want it any other way?? Made to order.
I learned about Frisco Fried nearly two years ago, and I am #PissedBoots that it took me this long to finally get over to Bay View and try it. All I can say is, WOW! The flavor profile of the food here is out of this world, and the fact that they make your food when you order it guarantees two things: 1. A slightly longer waiting time if you are starving and 2. Guaranteed freshness, and absolutely hot off the stove! This was actually my second time here, as I've learned if I am really impressed to wait to review until after the second time, because consistency means much! They are consistent, they are delicious. You must go there.
I think its pretty awesome that they deliver although I've never had delivery from here.The oxtail is great, I've never had oxtail before coming here but its great.This is definitely a great place to polish off your chicken and waffle craving also.The people that work here are very nice and friendly. I love how that smell that you smell walking in doesn't mislead you because this food is totally gourmet and great for your taste buds.This place deserves all stars..
Came in for lunch on a Saturday. We had fried chicken, fries, collard greens, and rice and bean. All very tasty. The collard greens had a nice bite to it.  The chicken was juicy and crispy. The rice and bean was on the sweeter side, but yummy. Definitely want to come back try other things.
Frisco Fried is a great soul food joint. The food is made to order, which usually takes a bit (20-30+ min) so if you are in a rush order ahead. Cornbread is great nice mixture of sweet and savory. The garlic fires are pretty tasty, they use real garlic not garlic salt which is a plus and the serving size is generous, but the fries are not as crisp as i would expect but overall they are pretty good. Garlic noodles were okay, they were kind of greasy and not that appealing. But the highlight of this joint in my opinion are the LEMON PEPPER WINGS!!!! Lord are they delicious! They trump Wingstops version. They are light, crisp, juicy, and have the PERFECT amount of seasoning on every bite. They are arguably the best wings I've ever had. In all Frisco Fried is a solid joint, order 20 to 30+ minutes ahead and enjoy!
Definitely a 1-hit wonder. Bragged to my friends about the fried chicken. Boy, was I embarrassed. The chicken was slightly overcooked, this time. Worse of all, the skin wasn't airy crisp, as we love it. It was not the meal I had a year ago. So sad to drop 2 stars. Actually, service saved 1 star. The chicken deserved 2 stars if I was rating it alone. Where will I go for my birthday fried chicken, next year?
Disappointed! My sis raves about this place. I found this food to he mediocore along with the service. The place was empty when we went to pick up our food, the employees were all using their cell phones and no one greeted us as we entered. My daughter asked more than once that they include tartar sauce with our order. What did we receive? The containers of ranch dressing. $64 for food that sucked! Never again! We ate Taco Bell after!
I read about this in an article and decided to give it a go, I know there is some good hard working people living in the Bayview area, I won't lie and say i was nervous going into the area with so many social issues. I ordered food at 12.22 pm exactly and was told my order would be about 20 minutes, it actually took 52 minutes so was disappointing to have to wait that long. The staff did not seem to have any system in place at all,two female staff members who took orders were texting on their phones and one was eating food at the register and chatting away so not very appealing to be honest. The place itself was not very clean and pretty untidy in all fairness so I was glad i choose to do a take out. Food itself was very fresh and it was just okay, the chicken lacked flavor and expected better to be honest. It was an okay experience with food and I will not return again based on location, taste and service.
Okay if I could give no stars for horrible customer setting I would. Me and my kids waited a hour to eat inn, and still weren't served. I was. Really Really mad. I got up and paid for me and my kids drinks and I left. While I paid, the server made no apologies about the wait, nor did she bother to ask why I was leaving. I did not have a good experience, and I think this place is so unprofessional. That's the second time someone was really rude to me there. Don't Go and waist your time with ignorance
We came in at 3pm today. There was only one other table dining in at the time. When we walked in no one greeted or sat us, we sat ourselves. We waited a good ten minutes for someone to take our order, to the point where we were questioning whether they had dine-in service or if you just order at the counter. There were two younger women working and one older man cooking in the kitchen. For the first 10 minutes, one of the waitresses was feeding a baby in a stroller by the register. I originally thought she was a customer because she saw us walk in and seat ourselves and didn't even pay us any mind. We ordered a 20 piece wings combo meal and four sides. There was no reason to wait an hour for our food. A table walked in after us and got their food, ate it, and left. Walk-in to go orders and phone orders were all coming out before ours. It got to the point where my boyfriend lost his patience and walked up to the counter and asked if to go orders were faster and that they should make our order to go. The answer she gave was that all the orders were made in the order they received it. BULLSHIT. That was not true. Will never come back to this place. The service is non-existent.
I called in a phone order for two order of chicken they told me to wait for 20 min I waited 20min they forgot to put my order in after waiting I called to see if it was done they told me that they left the ticket at the register so I had to wait another 20 min by this time it's been already 30 min I asked to be compensated for the time I waited (side note ) I'm on my lunch break the manager got on the phone telling because I asked to be compensated. I would not come here again there's no Parking and the waiters are very rude
Definitely call ahead to place your order. You will be waiting 30 minutes plus for your order.They run out of things fast and tend to not tell you until way after you've ordered. The mashed potatoes taste cheesey or something. I wasn't really a fan.The green beans are grey and falls apart. Way too overcooked.I would say the potato salad is one of the better sides there.Also, double check that they gave you everything because they always forget something.
Way over rated! Your gonna have to order about 30 minutes prior before stepping in the door if you decide to eat there. The wait sucks and I will not come back because of that. I just ordered the garlic fries, 2 piece chicken and waffles plus a fountain drink. My bill was $18.50 including a $2.00 tip. Greasy hole in the wall order to go style joint. The service is great when ever they have a chance to seat you, take your order, serve your food, fill your cups and give you the bill. Their to busy taking, cooking and preparing over the phone orders. The waffles are great, with a taste of cinnamon and hint clove spices, the waffle was so dense that the hot syrup you generously pour on top just dissolves into it, YOU CANT GO WRONG with that.  The fried chicken came hot and greasy, my garlic fries, be aware! TONS OF BOTTLED MINCED GARLIC they scooped on to it!!! 1 star for the very slow service and 2 stars because the chicken was served (((HOT)))Will I go back?Well, Wing Stop is not to far from where I live.
This is definitely a great spot for Soul Food! Don't be fooled by the looks. The food is fresh...be prepared to wait. All the sides were flavorful and the chicken was fried to perfection. I even have to say the Kool-Aid was amazing!They only have a few downfalls. They need more help. I decided to sit and eat and although they come to you, the same young lady serving was also the cashier for to-go orders. She didn't have priorities so she was running back and forth between the kitchen and the cash register and ignoring those who walked in to be seated. She even took several orders from people who walked in after those who were seated greatly increasing the wait time. That was a huge minus for me.The other minus for me was parking which is tied to the service quality. Because there is only paid street parking available, I would have appreciated prompt service as I spent more on parking than necessary because it took over 20 minutes for the lady to take my order.Overall, the food quality was impeccable so that will bring me back. Also, with the long waits, the young lady kept up a great attitude. I will just plan better next time possibly calling in my order so I won't wait so long.
This review is for their delivery service only. DON'T ORDER DELIVERY!!!!I placed an order via Eat 24 and was given an estimated delivery time of 60 minutes. When an hour and 15 minutes had passed I called the restaurant directly and was told they had cancelled my order upon Eat 24's request but if I still wanted the food, I could place my order again and wait 60 minutes. I contacted Eat 24 and they denied ever canceling my order. I've used Eat 24 countless times and have NEVER had a problem with them. In fact, Eat 24 has always provided exemplary service. This leads me to think the restaurant messed up my order somehow and tried to cover up their own mistake. I will no longer be doing business with this establishment.
The hype is real. the fish is one of the best around. my wife stopped by here on a whim and so glad we did. The only thing we regretted is not being able to come back soon enough. We were in san francisco on a trip from LA.Chicken, Fish and Mac and cheese were excellent.
I have never been to a food establishment where the employees don't greet the customers, ask who is next nor did I have to ask for a receipt. I found this place online and the menu price list online is different from the one inside the business . Their prices must have changed since they started a website. They need to update it! I also found United States copper penny underneath my Shrimp and Fries order. Just wasted $34.89! I like to support neighborhood businesses but this is one of the main reasons I cook my own food and eat at home! SMH!
Just went here for the first time after hearing my roommates rave about this place... All I gotta say is they have a new fan in me! Everything was super flavorful from the chicken to the max n cheese and garlic noodles. I will definitely be coming back!
This place makes damn good fried chicken, hand down, the best in my recent memory. I'd go as far as to say that they're better then Roscoe's in LA. I've had it with the waffle, which was a huge waffle to say the least. I've had the chicken when it was poured in gravy, which is also good. The sides are okay. Go here for the chicken. You won't be disappointed.1 star off because I always have to wait eventhough I call in 30 minutes prior for my take out order.
So good!! Chicken was cooked perfectly, garlic fries were the best I've ever had, ox tail was amazing, and the folks working there were super nice!
Chicken - still great, only reason to come back here.Mac & Cheese - too much spices, took 2 bites and could not take it anymore, really soggy too. I do not recommend getting this to-go.Waffle - tasted like a wheat waffle. only-finished-it-because-I-paid-for-it-kind-of-taste. After having Hard Knox Cafe's waffle I don't think any other waffle can compare.Long wait even after calling in 25 minutes ahead of time. I was the only one in line and still took 5 minutes to bring my order to me.
Yes, I have a very special place (my stomach) for really great fried chicken. We've tried a number of places in the Bay Area over the years for fried chicken, chicken and waffles and Frisco Fried is one of our top picks.At Frisco Fried, the fried chicken is of course the main event. The multiple occasions we've been there the chicken has been prepared consistently awesome. The waffles are good, but depending on your personal preference, they can vary in how you would rate it. We've been to a few other places where the waffles are just a touch crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside and those have been our favorite variety.The greens, corns, and other sides are all good, but make no mistake they are there to support the superior fried chicken.The location itself is an established neighborhood standby and not presented or maintained as a hipster environment. So don't go looking for a place to look cool while eating local.It is highly recommended that you call in your order in advance otherwise you made wait upwards of 30 mins or more. Eating in is fine too, and may see you receive your fresh plates quicker than ordering on the spot at the register.The staff has always been pleasant when we've been there to indulge in this deep fried American specialty...and indulge we do, for as long as our hearts and arteries will allow.
We always order to go, since the wait can be quite long (though so worth it). I call ahead and typically pick up after 45-60 minutes.Things we love and order every time:12 / 16 piece family dinner. For sides we get the collard greens and garlic noodles. Both are just amazing. I also like the beans and rice though the spice level varies and at times its a bit too spicy for the kids.Best fried chicken in sf :)
Love that it's family owned and run. Usually don't have a hard time finding street parking. If you're in a hurry it's better to call ahead. Chicken is yummy and I like that they give you warm syrup. Usually have Kool-Aid, I didn't see any today. I haven't had anything here that I didn't like.
Catered food from Frisco Fried that didn't not look edible. The buttered corn was brown and burned around the edge of the pan. I can't even describe what the yams looked like. One of the guest thought that it was beef!
I like to ride my motorcycle here on the weekends, cause it's one of the only places there isn't too much traffic in the city. I have ordered when I got here and that sucks. The cashier was standing outside and then she comes inside to take my order and they proceeds to sit at a table with another gal and veg out for the approx. 30 minutes. Yo girl you said my order would be ready in 20 minutes. She walks back all lazy and the cook says your 4 pcs chicken order is sitting here. Dumb ass B. thanks for making me wait an extra 10 minutes. Luckily my cycle didn't get stolen out front. Next visit I decide to call in my order. I get there in 20 minutes and the girl walks back to the cook and it's ready. 1st time is 1 star, 2nd visit is 3 stars. So your thinking isn't this supposed to be the best chicken. Problem is that the chicken is kind of dry. Secondly they only give you catsup and hot sauce with your order. Isn't there supposed to be BBQ sauce? Oh yeah and I did get the meal one of those first times and the mac n cheese, collared greens and corn bread was nothing to write home about.
The food here is sooooo good. The crab is a must have! It's a bit pricey but oh well! Their refill policy is a mess but the kool aid was actually good! It's a hole in the way but a hidden gem too! Finger licking good!
Our go to restaurant for a la cart fried chicken. Perfect taste, texture and doneness. Temperature is hot even doing pick up orders. Service and parking has never been a problem Give this a try and be sure to have your favorite red pepper sauce, honey, honey mustard or ranch ready to go because they know what they are doing at frisco fried.
Frisco Fried is a hidden gem in San Francisco. The Chicken and Waffles are amazing! The wings are even MORE amazing! The spices put on them are probably one of the best I have ever tasted anywhere. The sides are also really tasty to compliment the entree.Highly recommend if you like yourself some amazing chicken!
Best lemon pepper wingettes around! Waffle was soft and fluffy with a light crisp outside. You'll get your money's worth with the 10 piece combo. Better quality and quantity than any combo from Wingstop, Hard Knox, etc. Staff was nice and attentive. Will definitely be coming back again soon! #SupportYourLocalBusinesses
Pretty good food in the Bayview. Oysters and chicken are both outstanding. Easy parking. Terrible neighborhood. The problem is the service. Gonna go and eat in? You will wait 30 min for your food. Gonna call in a to go order? Go ahead and arrive late - your food won't be ready on-time anyway. And check your order before you leave, unless you want to open the bag at home and find half your order missing. I want to love FF, but they are SO disorganized - it's always an ordeal just to get some grub. The food here is cheaper and maybe even a bit better than JJ's, but it's not worth the hassle...
So I posted a previous review w 5 stars about the food but after trying to get food here 3 more times I'm editing my review.I'm giving them three stars because their customer service absolutely sucks. I tried calling them to order food in advance since it takes forever for the food to be prepared and nobody has ever answered my phone calls. This doesn't surprise me because when I was there, the girl taking orders was chatting with her girlfriend on the phone like nothing else matters. After standing there like an idiot for five minutes she finally acknowledged me but I felt like I was at her house making her bring me food, really?I'm not asking for much I don't need a smile or how are you, but the little common courtesy would go a long way. P.S. Food still rocks.
Great place Delicious chicken and everything else Be prepared to wait it's all good cause it's cooked to order
This place is overrated my fried chicken still had hair on there and the staff is very rule & them bitches look like they don't wash they're ass so how can they prepare food for someone. Take my advice and don't waste your time....
Took an Uber with friends, all the way to the other side of town, JUST to eat here. Let's just say it did not disappoint... yes, it's true... they do take awhile making your food, but it was worth the wait. The fried chicken was seriously phenom... wasn't a big fan of the waffles or corn bread... fries and corn were good/avg... mashed potatoes and mac and cheese were also pretty legit.So, in sum: come here for the fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and mac & cheese. Workers here are pretty friendly-- they could tell we were Frisco Fried newbs, so they were extra helpful with our ordering.
When I first seen Frisco fried, I didn't think to go inside and order and eat any food from there. Lately I've been ordering food from there and I've actually eaten there once with my husband. I love there food! This place is black owned and the food sure taste like home cooked food. One thing I do really enjoy from them is the flavored wings. Those hot wings are on point! And today I tried the lemon pepper ones and man they were delish! Honestly wingstop don't have nothing on their wings! More flavorful and homemade. I really recommend this spot for soul food. Especially the wings, and the staff are very friendly and loving just like home
Diggin this place. Good portion, good comfort food. I'll be back. $12 not bad price.Friendly service. Big tv to watch game. All in all. .good experience.
In my opinion, hands down the best fried chicken in the city. Delicious sides, too.Only 3 stars because it's not a great overall experience- the hours are bad (it closes at 7?!), they're often out of things, and there is inevitably a lengthy wait for the food, seemingly no matter how far in advance you order. Prices are waaaay outdated on their website as well (on the order of 60% more expensive than published).I'll still come back, but the experience is never quite as perfect as I hope it will be based solely on the food.
I am very unhappy with my experience at Frisco Fried chicken. We ordered a simple chicken dinner and we didn't receive it for more than 40 minutes. In the end we had to walk out.It took more than 10 minutes for a staff member to come and take our order. The food looked pricey (no less than $10 for a lunch) but we decided it might be worth it. In the 40 minutes that elapsed after ordering, several customers came in and got take-away food and the staff even sat down to have their own lunch in front of us. Two staff told us "it will be a couple of minutes" - the first time we waited a further 15 minutes, the second time we decided to walk out. I highly recommend that this place is avoided by anyone who does not have an afternoon to spend waiting to eat.
This place is awesome and is hidden in one of the less explored parts of SF! If you love fried chicken then you need to try this place. Here's a couple reasons why i love this place:1) The chicken is made to order meaning that you know your getting your food fresh. The skin is crispy and has a good texture while the meat is nice and juicy. I don't like chicken breast because its too dry but this is one of the few places I'll eat it and not complain.2) The side dishes are really good. No wait, they're freaking good! I enjoyed the garlic noodles, mac n cheese, and mash potatoes and would definitely order all of them again. The fries are similar to in-n-out so the texture and salt levels may not be for everyone but I enjoyed them.3) The staff. I've seen negative reviews from other people but I've had nothing but positive experiences with them. They are friendly and helpful as long as you treat them as people instead of servants.One thing I did notice is that the place can be stuffy sometimes on a hot day. Great place nonetheless!
Very poor customer service received by owner.I ordered a turkey burger with cheddar cheese and when my food came the burger had American cheese. I then proceeded to the counter to inform the person that took my order that I ordered cheddar cheese she then had the owner come over and talk with me. Once the own approached the counter I informed him that I ordered cheddar cheese he told me that they only have American cheese and what do I want him to do. I informed him he can make me another turkey burger and I can take it home. He then ask me in a very unprofessional manner why I didn't tell the person I wanted cheddar cheese when I placed the order. I told him I did inform the person when I placed my order I wanted cheddar cheese but she did not inform me they only have American cheese. He then slammed the burger down and walked away. I will never patronize this place again.
I really enjoyed their chicken!!! The outer skin was very tasty and crispy!!! It was like Chicharon! Chicken itself was very moist and juicy!! I'd recommend this spot! The ladies at the front were very nice! I love when I can support a small business and get great food with a smile!
By far, the most delicious fried chicken imaginable! It is extremely succulent and flavorful! It is well worth the wait and the drive to the Bayview. The Mac and Cheese is also delicious. All orders seem to be made to order, regardless of the size, so try calling ahead to save a bit of wait-time.
This review is long overdue ... I'm writing this after the abysmal Superbowl happened and I was here when the 49'ers qualified for the Superbowl! Sad that they didn't pull through, the crowd would have been disappointed if they went to Frisco Fried to watch the game on Sunday.Anyways, 4.5 stars for this place since Roscoes has taken my heart. I absolutely love the decor here though! SF Giants and 49ers decoration plastered all over the walls for sports fanatics as well as some photographs of the Obama family and Martin Luther King.What really got me was the food. I really loved the fried chicken here, although it took around 15-20 minutes for the chef to prepare it, it was well worth the wait. I also try to eat my first two bites of the chicken slowly to try and taste the distinct spices and ingredients of the batter. Frisco Fried's Chicken gets a solid A in my book - perfectly crispy, succulent, and juicy! I didn't need to add hot sauce to moisten the meat, but rather to supplement the chicken. The syrup for the waffle was nice and warm and the waffle had a hint of pumpkin flavor to it - I love distinct waffles with special spices as opposed to a plain waffle. It was an excellent complement to the chicken. Needless to say, I had a great meal while watching a 49'ers game.If I'm around the area again, I could definitely see myself coming here again.
Their employees are very RUDE! Especially the girl with her head shaved on the side she is so rude to the customers when they come for the first time and don't know the menu. her tone of voice and facial expressions can make a person not eat here AGAIN! And I ordered the lemon pepper twice both times I asked for LIGHT LEMON PEPPER and both times I had TOO MUCH added to my chicken. I wouldn't recommend Frisco Fried to anyone I rather eat WingStop Lemon Pepper Wings
The fried chicken is always juicy and tasty!!Be careful it's hot as hell too.The sides are ok.takes a long time to get food but the chicken is worth it!!
Delicious and it fills you up. I had the house special. It was 2 pcs chicken and a waffle. The wait was kinda long but it was worth it. The waffle was great and it was cinnamon. Soft and yummy. The chicken was big. The skin is thin but had a lot of flavor. The meat was ok and it was really oilly. But turns out all the flavor was in the oil and the skin.I would come back again next time. It was good food
Best chicken and waffles! The waffles are more like a sponge cake type consistency...which I love! Yummy! There's a hint of cinnamon in the batter and other lovely flavors! Super moist! The fried chicken was on point OH DAMN! It was just the right amount of crunchy and deliciousness...I had the 3 piece. You can pick your pieces, so I chose 2 legs and a wing, plain. My other dining companions each had the 20 wingettes, one all BBQ sauce, one plain. You can choose your sauce flavor...they both ate it all up! Along with their red kool-aid, I believe it was melon. What?! Kool-aid?! Yeah!Will come back again..thanks FRISCO FRIED!
You want to treat yourself to some good chicken rather than the KFC chicken ?? Come here and you won't be disappointed. Very friendly business, and they actually appreciates your business. Their chicken are always spot on.Hint/tips : be warned ! Your order will take a long time!
Messed up my order but the chicken was legit. Good hole in the wall to watch the Warriors win against the Pelicans.
I have to admit that their fried chicken is very good. It's all cooked to order so the chicken comes out fresh and hot! The batter on the chicken for the Chicken and Waffles is one of the better ones I've tasted and the right amount is applied. The wings are heavy on flavor if you like that or not as the lemon pepper had a bit too much seasoning for my taste buds. The sides are mediocre though. The mash and gravy and Mac' n cheese was kept warm. I am always excited for garlic fries but these were drenched in a sea of what seems to be spoonfuls of the minced garlic containers from Costco. They were soft and soaked, completely opposite from their fresh regular fries. If it was not for the sides, I would have given this place four stars. So I will tell you that you should come here and get the Chicken and Waffles!
I had Frisco Fried 5 years ago on a trip. I can honestly say this is the best fried chicken I've ever had. I don't even know how to explain it. I recently moved to Austin and I've been looking for some good fried chicken... But nothing comes close. And then I remembered Frisco fried... Which is unfortunately too far from me :(
If you want to go here, be sure to call in your order for take out or come early because you can't rush perfection at this restaurant. The first time I came here, I arrived in a group of six a little after noon. I thought the service was slow due to our large group, but after coming back several times, I realized that it's because the kitchen is just so busy! If you do phone in your order for pick up or or order take out, you're more than welcome to pull up a chair and watch the big screen TV.You can seat yourself to dine in, and the waitstaff will usually come over quickly to take your order. The decor is spartan, but that just means you can concentrate more on the food! Oh, and that picture of a young Michael Jackson. You have to see it, and then tell me what exactly he's looking at in the distance...?Well, for starters you just have to have the fried chicken. It's served piping hot with a flavorful, crispy breaded shell that's never greasy. It's enough to make this vegetarian bend the rules for one day. (What kind of vegetable is chicken?) My word of advice, get the chicken and waffles. Actually, it's just one, giant, plate sized waffle with a hint of cinnamon that doesn't overpower the fresh baked taste. They actually warm the syrup served with it, and you can add however much butter you'd like that melts instantly over the warm waffle. It comes with two pieces of chicken, and they'll ask you which pieces you'd like. If you're like me, and it's been years since you've even seen a chicken, here's a hint: think of punk rock demon. Wings. Thighs. Drumsticks. And breasts. Go for the wings if you like anything fried but not so much meat. You can't go wrong with a drumstick if you like juicy meat, and you can use the bone as a handle! Go ahead and mix and match your pieces; you needn't get two of the same.But if you're the sort of person who would rather skip the meat, eating any of the side dishes is like dying and going to heaven. The yams (sweet potatoes?) are deliciously caramelized and buttery with touch of brown sugar. The mac and cheese almost always sells out because it's just that good. I actually liked the greens here, which is rare because greens can be oily, salty, porky, or too spicy at other restaurants. They also have mashed potatoes, red beans, and more! Indulge yourself. Order the sides family style for your table because trust me, you'll want to try them all!
OK so let's start with my first visit I walk in to see 3 girls 2 behind the registere and one at the table when the heavy set girl walks from behind the counter with a bottle of nuvo alcohol pours some in here friend cup and haves a sip before putting back under the cabinet wow! Second visit waited and hour for a 2 piece chicken dinner with macaroni in cheese with seasoning salt yuck! The greens were good and the yams. 3rd visit I placed a phone order can you say horrible phone etiquette and you wonder why its so hard for our black businesse to survive with the customer service they provide poorly dressed you are in a work environment not on the spot dirty leggings showing you ass is not ok you're selling food not sex! There is nothing that I hate more then bad food and that is horrible customer service black business owner family member or not choose your staff wisely it can make or break your business and I will never spend another dollar with this place its so bad I had a customer service rep at my job place my order in hopes of not having to deal with the stupidity but in true fashion I get their and had a question about my order and all I got was no eye contact fast talk and neck popping really! If you looking for a quick meal stop in but if you are expecting great customer service don't bother!
The people here really know how to cook up a great southern meal.The fried chicken is on point - I highly recommend the fried chicken thighs.I have yet to try the wingettes, but they look delicious as well.The batter is probably the best part of the chicken. The waffle could be a bit better - but that's my only complaint.This place beats KFC/Popeyes any day of the week.
This place is great! I ordered on the phone to pick up. They gave me an accurate estimate of when it would be ready and when I showed up they were efficient, polite, and friendly. The fried chicken was perfect - super crispy outside, juicy inside. The sides were good too. I definitely recommend this authentic local spot in the Bayview.
It took a while to get our order, 20 - 30 minutes, but that's how long it takes if the food is cooked to order. The chicken was as good as any I've ever had. The pieces were big, the coating was crispy and the meat was juicy and delicious. The greens were spicy and delicious. The two women who were working there were kind and let my partner change the TV to the Giants game. I love this place. I will get fat going there, but it will be worth it.
This place is the bomb! The oysters are so good that I came back for them and they had run out! I got the frisco sampler and it was great! Good service and excellent food. 5 stars!
Today, Wed., Jan. 7, I just returned from Frisco Fried to provide my critique while the details remain disappointingly vivid. Maybe they had an off day or short on help, but I saw no witnessed reason why I had to wait over 45 minutes as I was the only dine-in customer and with less 15 people for take out if even that many. And, the S.F. county health inspector must have been inebriated or given generous gratuity to rate the place a 98 when more aesthetic and cleaner eateries got same rating. The entire climate of substandard service and over rated so-called soul food along the BayView/Hunter's Point corridor is apparently advocated by diners with very limited palate and lacking in authentic multi-cultural culinary experiences. Frisco Fried is not alone in amateur like management of small mom & pop owned restaurants along further south of 3rd Street. I am aware that Frisco Fried has had several good ratings by people who may have just graduated from past years of fast food, or surviving on food affordable within their hostel traveling budgets.I ordered chicken & waffle, mac & cheese and side of catfish to sample a few choices. Even if it is customary for the waffle to be soft, I did ask for a crispier version and they agreed to accommodate. But the waffle was sort of gummy and soft. I hate soft waffles, much like I hate soft cookies and gooey bread puddings. The fried chicken had an overcooked hard crust with dry meat beneath it. An ideal fried chicken is supposed to be flaky yet crispy with moist meat. The fried chickens at a supermarket deli has better quality of texture when not under the heat lamp for too long. The catfish had a leathery crust and very dry, overcooked. All fish, regardless of how it is prepared, should maintain a flaky moist texture. Mac & cheese was tasty, but with a very grainy texture. However, I appreciate that they used a bigger noodle shape other than infantle tiny elbow macaroni.I try to patronize as many eateries as I can within the two to three mile radius from where I live. Unfortunately, most, with some exceptions, are either inconsistent in quality, or their claims of soul food cooking is a delusion. Over fried, over cooked, dry, grainy or brick like textures is an insult to traditional Southern style soul food. Restauranteurs who have more professional operational skills, without much regard for focusing on old traditional recipes, will squeeze out those mom & pop size eateries where food is not good enough to patronize even for the sake of political pandering. Dining out should be enjoyable, not end up wasting money for an insufferable food experience.
This place is nasty and dirty and they take over an hour to bring your food I would never in my life come here again. McDonald's has better food and customer service. If u don't believe me then go find out your self. I just don't understand how there still open for business.....
Let's go to the Bayview."Bayview?!! are you trippin?""I know there's a 24 hour McDonald's there but I ALWAYS lock my car doors when I'm at the drive through and get the hell outta there fast!"Bayview district gets such a bad rap because ..... well, it does ok. But for authentic, affordable and really scrumptious soul food, this is where you go. Frisco Fried has spirit! a very big welcome sight indeed for SF Giants fans as evidenced by the bold orange and black colors throughout the restaurant. Two flat screen TVs had the NBA game on when we arrived shortly after lunch time. We placed our order at the counter, or if you prefer, you can wait for the server to come to your table and take your order. It didn't take long for our food to come out: sweet buttered corn, nicely spiced red beans, ooey gooey mac n cheese (a bit salty though), delish complimentary corn bread and the star of the show: FRIED CHICKEN AND WAFFLES!* I'm salivating just thinking about it! *Though I was raised on KFC's really thick batter, this fried chicken batter is thin but has a nice crunch and the seasoning is spot on. It's fully cooked which I'm thankful for, since it would be so gross to bite into a bloody chicken! plus, this chicken is juicy throughout!  I prefer the dark meat pieces because it's more flavorful. The waffle was slightly chewy and had a hint of cinnamon, douse this with the warm syrup, seriously bro, no doubt you'd be asking for another waffle! I will GLADLY sacrifice my safety for some belly-good fried chicken and waffles!
Fresh, crispy, mouth watering. I loved the chicken and waffle. Tasted great, esp the waffles which had cinnamon or something that just made them amazing. Skip wing stop and their mediocre wings and give this place a shot!
The food here is supposedly good but I wouldn't know because after waiting an hour for chicken and waffles when there were only 3 other customers I decided to leave. Only go if you're not that hungry and don't mind waiting a really long time.
The fried chicken here is fried to order and it comes out hot, juicy and crispy. It's really the star and you can pretty much forget everything else.I came here for lunch last week and the place was pretty quiet - a few takeaway orders and just one other table and me. This is a family run establishment and you can tell as soon as you get up to the counter. Super friendly, nice and laid back. I ended up getting the 2 piece chicken dinner for $10.99 - with 2 sides (I picked mac n cheese and collard greens) and a cornbread muffin. The cornbread muffin was good though a little dry - nothing a little (or a lot) of butter couldn't fix. Collard greens - I always like collard greens and it's hard to mess it up. Mac n cheese were runnier than normal but not in a bad way. The cheese sauce could have been smoother. I like my sauce really smooth. But like I said the star is the fried chicken. They cook it to order so it takes 10 minutes. You tell them exactly what pieces you want when you order. Not just dark meat or white meat but actually, drumstick, thigh, breast. They don't have a rule that you can't order 2 breasts or anything like that. Then it comes out super hot from the fryer. Like you will burn your mouth if you eat it right away. The meat is super juicy and the skin is nice and crispy. Obviously I wasn't planning on finishing a dinner of 2 chicken pieces and 2 sides so I took it home and the chicken was still fabulous cold.
Love the chicken! Waffles were alright, not bad, but again nothing too special. I came for the wings! I was not disappointed. Come see for yourself!Great customer service, even though there was only one person working as cashier and server at the time so I give her props. The only down side to why this didn't get a 5 star is because the wait for two plates is just tooo long. Had to make an extra trip to the meter (street parking). But again it is made to order.
"Fried with pride" is their motto. So true since they know how to fry the EFFFF out some food!! Yes, it takes a little while to come out since it's fried to order but this soul food's worth it. The catfish, (snapper, oysters, prawns, and chicken are the other options), from their 2 way combo ($17) was realllly good. Four large filets of perfectly cooked catfish in a crisp and nicely seasoned cornmeal crust. It's the standard I'll measure breaded and fried fish from now on. The 8 prawns it came with were fresh, plump and juicy. Po'boys aren't on the menu but with shrimp like this, they could make a mean one. The fries, soggy and dry, were the weak link. (yelp.com/biz_photos/I198)I had their chicken and waffles. Since the order was split, I ordered the 4 pc ($11) and you get to tell them what pieces you want. Dark meat is the way to go and I went with drumsticks and thighs. The pieces are big! Hot, lightly breaded with tender juicy meat the chicken wasn't overly greasy that you'd need 20 napkins like at KFC. The waffle was fresh, thick, and fluffy with a generous dollop of butter. The sauce, a maple blend wasn't too sweet. Out of control, good enough to make Roscoe jealous. (yelp.com/biz_photos/I198) This place and Auntie April's ARE legit when it comes to chicken and waffles. I like how they represent with all the Giants and Niners gear, they also rep by having the real San Francisco treat on the menu, not Dungeness garlic crab which they do have, but Rice-a-Roni. (yelp.com/biz_photos/I198)I'll be back to try their oxtail plate.
At first I didn't think very highly of a place which uses Frisco in its name. But I came here with a group of 13 and we were all very impressed.Since we had such a big group, we thought it would be best to order the large dinner packs with some sides to share, along with some fish and shrimp. Some people wanted waffles though so we ordered a few for the table to split. That plan worked out pretty well for us because it turned out to be just $12 per person including tax and tip. Compare that to ordering a chicken & waffle plate individually ($12 for four pieces of chicken before tax), without sides or seafood.Fried chicken here was great, although I wish it was a bit juicier. Some of the pieces felt a bit dry. It took quite a while for it all to come out, but we ordered 40 pieces so that was understandable. The general consensus of our group was that the mac and cheese was the best side dish. The waffle was pretty large and easy for us to share.Service here was great too. It was just one waitress and a cook when we were there but they seem to really take care of their regulars and they were really friendly with us since it was our first time and made sure we enjoyed our meal.
Since my head has been stuck in what's left of the Berlin Wall for the past dozen reviews, I thought it was high time to come back home for my 1,900th review. With Auntie's April's established and soon the West Bay outlet of Brown Sugar Kitchen coming, the Bayview/Hunters Point area is definitely the place to go for down-home Southern cooking. But I have to admit I start to perspire a little at the very thought of taking the T-Line down there after dark. So does Jamie W. That's part of the reason we showed up at 4:30 on Sunday for dinner.Close to Candlestick, it's a small place dominated in formica and decked out in electric orange (see photos). Go Giants! The menu is Southern-fried heaven, that is, if your arteries are made of titanium because basically everything is fried unless you go for the pork chops or the oxtails, both tempting but we were here for the deep fryer. I lost all sense of self-control and ordered the $19.95 2-Way Combo Dinner of Fried Chicken (two thighs and a drumstick) and Fried Catfish (three big fillets). You get two sides with a dinner, so I went with the Collard Greens (excellent, not too salty from the ham hock) and the Garlic Noodles (almost Vietnamese except for the pool of melted butter at the bottom of the dish) (see photo of the whole plate).But it was the main event that really excelled here. The fried chicken was piping hot, tender-moist on the inside, and crispy-crunchy on the outside. It was satisfying in a way that Farmerbrown would envy. The catfish was flaky-fresh with a tasty cornbread coating enhanced by excessive dipping into their tartar sauce. Jamie was far more reasonable and ordered the $10.99 3-Piece Fried Chicken Dinner and had a breast instead of a thigh (see photo). That was definitely enough, and a good chunk of mine ended up in a plastic container to go. The cornbread muffins were tardy to our table but fresh from the oven (see photo). Heavenly and not too sweet. Oh yes, we rolled out of there.FOOD - 4.5 stars...generous, gluttonous portions of first-rate fried vittlesAMBIANCE - 3 stars...too much orange even for me, and could you turn down the TV please?SERVICE - 3.5 stars...three young women handle most of the kitchen dutiesTOTAL - 4 stars...so good that I wish it was closer to my home...and what's with using the much detested reference to "Frisco" in its name?
The food here at Frisco Fried was definitely a treat! Their waffles are unmatched by any other place I've been to where chicken and waffles are served. This place has the opportunity to be a household name in the Bayview neighborhood but with bad marketing, terrible service, and unappealing decor is the only thing that's stopping them.
I love oh-so-delicious deep fried goodness oh-so-much, so I'm glad I won the battle against my willpower and bought the Groupon. But, even without the Groupon, it would have been a good deal.I got the Frisco Sampler, which usually includes 4 wingettes, 1 piece of fish, 2 shrimps, 2 oysters, fries and a medium drink. They were out of oysters, so I had to make do with more shrimp. Peter got the 2 piece chicken dinner.They call the shrimp "prawns," which makes me think they're jumbo sized shrimp, but they just rinky dink little things covered in some sort of cornmeal batter that I didn't love, but it didn't matter because the amazing wingettes made up for it! And, according to Peter, lover of all things chicken (okay, fish, but chicken comes in a close second), the fried chicken was also lip smacking goodness.We surmise that the deliciousness of the chicken was not just the impeccable timing for frying those juicy chicken parts, but likely the brining done to the chicken parts before the sizzle in the hot oil.
IF you must try this place, don't forget to pack a sandwich or somethin' to eat while you wait for the food to come. 45 minutes to cook and prepare 4 combos of one waffle & 2 pieces of mediocre chicken, that's with a full staff too.  The fly tape that hangs from the ceilings is fun to look at for the first five minutes or so, after that it's hard to keep track of the dead flies you just counted. The staff is so chill, they get to wear sweat pants, sunglasses, and their own purses while they serve you...so definitely no need to go in your Sunday best.
This is what's up!Piping hot chicken, ridiculously good waffle and hands down the BEST collard greens I have ever had. I thought I ordered too much, but I was so very wrong. Ate it all and could've gone for more. They will have to see my face in their establishment again. And again and again.
Hella Good! This place never let's me down. I took my mother and cousin here for the first time today, and might I add my mother is a pretty harsh food critic, but they loved it! I always come to get my favorite lemon pepper wings. The Belgium waffle is ridiculously good with the warm spiced syrup, ugh! If you order chicken don't expect it to be ready in 10 mins, this is not fast food it's quality food takes about 20 mins after order. All in all, the place is great check it out for yourselves and thank me later PS: Great Customer service and great health score review. I'll be back for sure.
I gave this place 3 chances. The chicken is ok. (auntie Aprils is WAY better the service here is embarrassing) the sides are terrible the servers treat you like shit. I will never go to this shithole again. I wanted to like this place because I'm from the city, but I can't....THEY SUCK!
Worth the wait. Heed the sign, there is a 20 minute wait for your made-to-order fried chicken. One of the best I've ever had. For $10, it does not get better. This place does not look like much from inside or out, but the restaurant is clean (even the bathrooms), and the food is delicious. Slightly spicy greens with just enough salt; yummy, sweet yams; perfect mac n cheese; and well, I've already mentioned the chicken. I'll be going back.
Best chicken and waffles in the city...I even uttered the words "better than Brown Sugar Kitchen" which alarmed me. The waffle was cinnamon spice and they used salted butter...um, yeah, that'll do :). The chicken was well marinated and juicy with the correct of skin to meat ratio. There is quite a wait, but it's worth it.I had the collards too and they were very tasty...a hint of cayenne, nom.
I went in to order I stood waiting for the cashier to take my order and waited and waited she took phone orders and she served customers who were dining in oppose to i. when I finally asked when was she going to take my order, She instantly gave me attitude and still didn't take my order. I left and will not return will not refer any one there side dishes are horable.
OMG! Ordered take out, got home enjoying chicken, enjoying collard greens, found a COCKROACH! Fine, these things happen. So I called and told them, not expecting refund, but at least an apology. He says to me "we don't have cockroaches, must be from your house" I'm not even mad. That could be the best answer ever. I'm at a lost for words.
Service took way too long. Food took way too long. I used to work in a made to order restaurant so I understand that patience is key, but the lady who took our order and made our food did not even look like she was working with a sense of urgency. Even as more and more people came in and ordered after us, she just worked at a consistent speed.The food here doesn't disappoint. But the service and streamlining is definitely lacking. An extra hand or two can do wonders for how much faster an order can be prepped, even if it's made to order. Maybe she wanted to make sure every order was done correctly, but it's not right to keep all your customers waiting.I'm not surprised most of the food is ordered to go or phoned in. Also probably told 30 minutes minimum wait, but that's my assumption.Maybe it was an honest mistake, but our 50 dollar order was magically 90 something until they corrected it. Maybe they wanted to see if we would bite and just blindly pay. We werent African American and most of their clientele is given it's location. But again, all assumption. I'd probably try it again. but as a pick up to go order.
Came here for lunch with a friend who had never heard of chicken and waffles being served together... and she's actually from southern California.The food takes a minute because...well its fried...and it has to be cooked all the way. Totally understandable and therefor not a problem at all. It was a minute but nothing outrageous.Thus... the chicken comes out piping hot, which I love. My waffle was sweet and slightly crispy. My chicken was crispy, juicy, cooked all the way through, not over battered and not overly greasy. You get to choose the pieces you get. I got all wings cause I love the flappers! Delicious!My friend ordered the strips and fries. Generous portion of both. they have strips available in a number of different flavors. I was a bit too stuffed to even have a taste of her fries, but she said it was good.I think its safe to say they got frying chicken and waffles down packed. I'll be back!Bring coins for metered parking during the day. Area might scare some folks, but you should be just fine. :)
Sick and repugnantly disgusting - SF Health Department please shut this place down!!!FOOD WAS ON THE FLOOR - an employee picked it up and served it to 4 customers. One piece of chicken was served to me. I saw it fall. Not 1, not 2, but 3 employees saw it and made the decision to serve the food anyway!This was willful - truly sickening. I told the other customers what happened. No refund, missing food, and..oh, just disgusting to the hilt. If I could give a negative 10, then I would wish it was a negative 10000000 or more. NEVER EAT FROM THIS PLACE - EVER!!! Truly sickening and repulsive.
Chicken had no seasoning. Garlic crab was barely ok And who makes garlic noodles with fettuccine noodles, they were over cooked and lacked flavor (don't order save your money) and to top it off they didn't honor there 20% discount. Don't eat here go to Gussie's or Auntie April's or even Hard knox cafe.
The food was good. I ordered the 3 piece, breasts, chicken and waffles. The waffle was very good. It had great flavor and texture. The chicken was also quite tasty. You get three quite large pieces. I only was able to eat one before I got full.The service was lacking. It was not rude, but not attentive. The other issue is with parking. A quarter only gets you six minutes on the meters out front. Plan ahead and pay attention.
Man this place was a great suggestion! I just have to say right off the bat - I gave it the full 5 stars because they serve kool-aid! Sweet Baby Jebus! Who does that?! Kool-aid at a restaurant?! Uh Genius!All this place really needs is an alcohol permit and they can serve jungle juice soon! But seriously . . . the food was ah-mazing. Went there before the JT Jay Z concert with wifey and a few friends and I think we order practically everything. The fried chicken was great - crispy and tender. The cornbread was good, Maybe I expected too much cause I was scarfing down my drumstick, but the waffle wasn't as magically delictious. I also had the wings and man, my friends and I were still talking about those wings after the concert. The place is small, but I think I saw a bunch of take outs while we were there. Gritty, but good!
By the reviews I've read, I guess most of the reviewers don't know what good fried chicken is. Though the chicken was nice and crispy, there was no flavor to it. Ever since Powell's closed, i've been on a quest to find reasonably priced southern style fried chicken. Louisiana Fried Chick is better. Also ordered the garlic fries--there was a nice pool of oil at the bottom of the paper bowl.
Okay, at the end of the day they are better than Hard Knox, KFC (of course), and Auntie April's!!! I feel bad - I really tried to love Auntie April's but with that last hair in my ox tails and them making a federal case and having to get two levels of approval to give me another plate of food I WAS PAYING FOR, I'm good! It's really not all that! FF, consistent. Nice enough servers. I had the fried pork chop dinner w/ yams & greens. You know, normal Tuesday night dinner... That I should've cooked myself, but if I don't have to make the house smell, why do it?The only thing I DO NOT LIKE is their yams. I have no idea what it is, but there is something they put in their yams that makes them slimy. I'm a momma. I'm a Creole/Cuban momma. Mom's know how to make candied yams, baked sweet potatoes, pies, all of the above with our eyes closed... What in God's name do y'all put in it to make it slimy every time? Also, it's lacking butter and brown sugar. Candied yams are basic. There is a basic beautiful flavor to yams... Keep it simple please and remove the slime! Lord Almighty! The pork chops are thinner than they used to be. The cook needs to remember this when allowing for cooking times. They were just about dried out, but still edible. I like pork, thank you for not killing this for me :-) The greens are solid, you can taste the sugar (granny style) but they're solid and they mix well with the corn bread. Okay - I got beef with the corn bread - not the taste, the lack of corn bread. FOLKS (you know who I'm talking to!) WHY do we feel like certain things are a delicacy? Corn Bread is NOT one of them! And neither is Kool Aid! Why is $2.50?Solid Chicken - every time I come and no hair... I haven't tried the ox-tails yet. I'm a little scared... THANKS AUNTIE APRILS for killing that for me!
I'm going to be honest (I'm never not-honest on Yelp reviews, anyway). 3 stars. I can't give it more.The wait is long. I know fried chicken takes a long time. Actually, my bf and I were making a bet as to how long it takes for chicken to fry. If we had put money on it, it would've been a tie due to the ambiguity of cooking times depending on how many pieces of chicken you cook. Anyway, I digress. We waited for over 30 minutes for a waffle, 4 pieces of chicken and a side of greens. And we were the first people (and order) there.Taste was aite. Honestly (there I go again), the batter wasn't too flavorful. I guess it accommodates for hot sauce and the syrup on the waffle, but I would've liked a little more seasoning. I was thinking that the original KFC batter had more flavoring than this chicken.The waffle was good, but I guess I was expecting something a little crispier? Once I put the butter on it, it was kind of spongy in consistency. Put syrup on it and game over.But a bite of crispy, juicy chicken topped with hot sauce, combined with the sweetness of the waffle and syrup, and the flavors together were phenomenal. I don't think this would be as successful without the sauces. But that's just my humble opinion.The mixed greens were delicious. On first inspection, they're dark green, soggy and bland-looking. But when you eat them, they had a slight bite to the leaf and had a good (bacony?) flavor.The staff was really friendly and helpful. Sure, the place is a hole-in-the-wall, but it was clean and nicely kept. The bright orange walls and black booths screamed Giants loyalty. And it doesn't help that Giants paraphernalia covered the walls as well :)I wouldn't come back, but I suggest you should try it at least once.
First time here. Everything is cooked to order so be ready to wait a minute for ur food. I love the SF Giants Pride Black and Orange decor!The Grub:1. Chicken: Pipin hot and delicious - I highly recommend2. Fish (Catfish): Best Fried Catfish I have the Bay Area hands down3. Fried Oysters: Like the Catfish a real winnerSides:Mash: AverageGreen: Collards Greens made as good as they could be made - great smoky favorMac: Good - they chees sause has a good peppier kickGarlic Noodle: not my cup of tea.. a bit on the oily sideIll try the crab ad oxtails on the next visit!
a quote i saw about this place: "you know you in the HOOD when yo SOULFOOD is this GOOD".. lol so truea gem in the bayview hood, been to this place a few times. be prepared to wait atleast 45 to an hour if you order fried chicken. YES you heard me, atleast 45 minutes.. They make fried chicken as ordered and dont make big batches at a time, you know your fried chicken is just made just for you. Fried chicken like i said is made as you order. So once it comes to you let it cool atleast 5 min otherwise it is piping HOT from the deep fryer. Waffles was good, ask for a side of gravy if you like your chicken n waffles hearty. collard greens with good taste, not too salty which is a plus. Mac n Cheese is yummy, just plain cheesy and buttery. Biscuit is delicous. Beans and rice cooked perfectly. Overall, i love this place. Food that actually has flavor and made with soul and love.We came here last week, kinda late around 8:45. We were the last one to leave because the fried chicken took so long, they were cleaning and putting the tables up by the time we got to chow down on our food. The Cook or maybe owner aswell, was nice enough to tell us to take our time eating and to ask him if we needed anything while he was cleaning up in the kitchen.anytime i crave affordable and good soul food, you know you need to make a trip into the HOOD!!!
definitely the best Southern fried chicken in SF. I would give edge to Roscoe's but Frisco is quite delicious. The batter is crunchy and has the right amount of flavor. I agree with other reviewers-- it's almost useless to call ahead. Once I called and came in 20 minutes later, and they still just had my order hanging there and only started cooking after I paid. I guess it makes it fresh though, but just be aware of that. The sides are so so.
If the San Francisco Giants still played their baseball at Candlestick Park you'd probably find me hanging out and grabbing some delicious food from Frisco Fried often before a night game. The orange walls with black accent are a giveaway that somebody within the restaurant's family is a big Giants fan. There's even a Giants banner hanging next to the soda cooler. Autographed memorabilia featuring some legendary San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers players adorn the walls along with some photos of famous African Americans.I had just passed the restaurant on the Muni T line when I recognized the name from Yelp reviews. I got off the train and came in during the twilight on a Friday night. The big menu is posted on the right hand wall when you walk into the restaurant. Make up your mind and order at the counter. Your food and drinks will be brought to you as soon as you've settled into your seat. There are several booths along with table and chair seating. The entire staff is very friendly. During my visit I think every person who worked there stopped by at one point or another, greeted me and asked if everything was okay.I ordered the three piece Chicken & Waffles and a Green iced tea. When you order you are given a choice of which three pieces you prefer. Being a dark meat lover I went with a leg, a thigh and a wing. There's an overhead television that was airing syndicated comedies on the BET network so the time goes by quickly while you wait for your food.My waffle (yelp.com/biz_photos/fris) arrived on its own plate separate from my plate of fried chicken (yelp.com/biz_photos/fris). I went for the waffle first because I like my waffles hot, and I've had a history of burning my tongue by jumping right into freshly fried foods. I decided to let the chicken sit for a bit and cool down. The waffle syrup in the squeeze bottles on the tables are nice and thick. I spread the butter into each nook, doused it with a bit of syrup and dove in. The waffle was excellent with nice crispy edges and just a slight bit of chewiness. Seriously, I wished I had a second waffle because the first one was so good and I ate it so fast.The fried chicken was the perfect temperature by the time I finished my waffle. The fried chicken was very good. The batter wasn't very heavy, it was nicely seasoned and it was fried crunchy. The drumstick I had was huge. I'm talking about maybe twice the size of KFC with a whole lot of better flavor. My thigh piece was a bit overcooked however as some of the meat on the edges had already become a bit chewy. Patience prevailed though as I cleaned up on my food. A free refill on the drink was also offered, but I was already too full.The restaurant sits conveniently within a block of the T line stop at Revere and Shafter and from there it's only about a 15 minute ride over to AT&T Park. On second thought, maybe you will see me eating here before a Giants night game. I already know I'd like to try the Garlic Butter Crab on my next visit.
This place was excellent! I ordered chicken and waffles and fried snapper. Their chicken was seasoned well and cooked perfectly! Very crispy and not oily. Their waffles and syrup melted in my mouth! The snapper was amazing!
It took the lady 5-10 minutes to get our order and then another 20 minutes for our plate to come. The wait is long but I'm not complaining. We ordered waffles and fried chicken. Chicken was very tasty, juicy and not dry at all. Price was very reasonable. 4 pieces chicken with waffles for $11.99.
My sister was nice enough to take Ralph and I to Frisco Fried for dinner. She really likes this place.Ralph had the smothered pork dinner with sides of yams and green beans and a cornbread muffin.My sister had her favorite - fried catfish and fries.I decided to try something different and ordered the fried chicken with a waffle.I loved my meal. The waffle had cinnamon in the batter so I liked the taste. The waffle was perfect - crisp on the outside and soft inside. My fried chicken was the perfect accompaniment - crisp outside and juicy inside. I was delighted that the syrup was warm. I nearly finished the waffle and did finish the chicken drumstick and thigh.My sister loved her meal and managed to eat all the fish and nearly all the fries.Meanwhile, Ralph liked his dinner, but said the pork chops were not as good as his. He did like his yams and green beans. While the meal was fine to his tastes, he would not order it again. Based on his opinion, I would probably try the smothered chicken dinner.All in all, a very good meal!
Out of all the places I've tried in sf with chicken and waffles, this place is the best. Farmer browns skillet has nothing on this place. Their chicken is flavorful and they serve the maple syrup hot. If you can, I suggest eating there because its fresh. I ordered take out and by the time I got home, the waffle wasn't good anymore. They charge a dollar extra for chicken breast, but its delicious. Also, don't forget an order of koolaid.....you'll be wired on that stuff for the next week.
There's so much I love about Frisco Fried, but when it comes to real good food with just family kind of service, this is the place. I'm always on the hunt for some GOOD Chicken and Waffles and I've been to my share from SF, Oakland to LA and Frisco Fried is by far my favorite. Everything is made to order so when it comes to your table, the food is piping hot and fresh! The fried chicken is just ridiculous. GENEROUS portions fried to perfection. The waffles are thick with a nice flavor to them. I love how they bring the syrup to your table HOT! What I really love is the Mom and Pop atmosphere. It's like going to your relatives house for some home cooking! The place is small with only maybe at the most 3 people working, but trust me, if you have to wait, it's SO WORTH IT. Thank you FRISCO FRIED!
I have found my new spot for comfort food. Frisco Fried, you are it! Props to Earl G. for getting this on my hit list. A week later and I'm still ranting about this place. I got love for their chicken and waffles!Let's start with the waffle. They give a nice sized Belgian waffle topped with warm, melting butter and two packets of syrup, all contained in its own container. The waffle isn't huge, but it isn't tiny either. And it's more of a fluffy waffle as opposed to a crispy one. That's not a deal breaker for me, and I totally appreciated the amount of butter and syrup provided. It was exactly how I would do it myself. :-)The chicken. Oh man. To say I was impressed is an understatement. After being highly disappointed with the tiny, overcooked pieces of dried carcass they serve at Farmerbrown's Little Skillet, I was totally blown away by the chicken here at Frisco Fried. Plump, juicy, and mouth-watering are all accurate descriptions of the pieces they serve. It's freshly cooked, so beware of burning your mouth. I ordered the 3-pc chicken and waffle meal, not realizing until later that they had a 2-pc meal. When I got back to work and saw how big the pieces were, I thought to myself, "Damn, there's no way I can finish this." 15 minutes later and every last bite is inhaled. It was that good. Yes, I was totally full and was burping fried chicken for the rest of the afternoon, but they were enjoyable burps and kept reminding me of how much I just enjoyed that awesome meal. Ahhhhh.Quick notes...Metered parking is plentiful right in front. The chicken is made to order so it takes a good 20 minutes to come out. When I go back, and I definitely will go back, I'm going to try and phone ahead my order so it's ready by the time I get there. And the best part: you get to pick the pieces that you want. All drumsticks for me, please! Love for chicken and waffles!!
OK so I was in the mood for fried chicken and didn't want to go to KFC or Hard Knox Cafe. Looked up these guys and thought I'd give them a try. Now I will say that if all you want is fried chicken, then this is your place. The chicken is cooked to order and cooked very well. Meat is tender and juicy, batter is very crispy. Don't expect much in the way of service. The staff could realize they need to get a server's tray to bring out dishes at more than one or two at a time. Cornbread was quite good, but wasn't much bigger than a silver dollar in diameter and they give you only one. How expensive is corn meal?Not sure how bothered anyone else would be that they clean tables with Pledge....but I thought that was pretty bothersome.This place has all the makings of having a cult like following for fried chicken. It truly could become GREAT. They just need to work on some of the finer points of running a restaurant.
No, no, and he'll no.. I ordered food forty min ago and I'm still waiting. And I'm being gradually told now the items u ordered are no longer available. Chickens ok and everything else is a fail.
Fried chicken so good make you wanna slap ya mama!!! Boop!!!
Some of the best fried chicken I've had this side of the Rockies. Every piece is cooked to order and comes out sizzling. Moist and tender with crispy, delicious skin, the minute you cut/bite/tear into your first piece wisps of flavor-steam reach toward the heavens. It's deep-fried ambrosia. The waffle was tasty but a bit on the undercooked side. I like my waffle with more crisp ala Belgium.The 3-piece chicken and waffle combo is a bargain at $9.95, and for an extra $1 you can add another breast. That's right, $10.95 gets you a waffle, a wing and 2 chicken boobies. After all, they're supposed to come in pairs (knuck knuck)
The chicken is excellent as most reviews have said and there really isn't much to add. I've had the buttered corn, mashed potatoes, garlic noodles, and mac n' cheese, and with the exception of the garlic noodles, they're just alright. I would personally order just the chicken and make my own sides.Every time I've called in, the woman on the phone tells me it'll take "20 minutes" but I always end up waiting 10-15 minutes more at the restaurant. I'm happy to wait for fried-to-order chicken, but I'm definitely giving them an extra 10 minutes before leaving the house from now on.
A girlfriend and I came here with a Groupon, and found really easy street parking. I don't know what all this talk is about Frisco Fried being in the ghetto. I grew up in LA and this place is nothing like South Central. But, having grown up frequenting Roscoe's, I have high expectations for my chicken and waffles. For 9.99 you can get a 3pc chicken and waffles. It does take a long time to come out, but it comes out piping hot, crispy, and juicy. I really loved the chicken, and the cornbread was good too. I do have to agree with other reviews I've read: I was not the biggest fan of the mac n cheese. It had a nice spicy kick but the noodles were kind of overcooked and the cheese sauce was overwhelming.Also, I don't know if it's because it was 1pm on a Wednesday, but the service wasn't as great as others have experienced. Our waitress seemed kind of over it, and we almost never saw her. We waited awhile for her to come pick up the check, but eventually just left the total and tip at the table and went home.
Honestly, this place is a 4.5 stars. Hands down the BEST chicken and waffles I've had in the city. I've tried Aunty April's and I almost ALWAYS come back here for my chicken and waffle cravings. I typically order the 3 piece chicken and waffle combo, which is WAY more than enough food to fill me up. I usually get 2 thighs and a drumstick. The portions are HUGE and you get all that for under $10 bucks. The chicken is freshly fried, extremely crunchy and juicy inside. It's almost never overfried or burnt. The waffle was soft and fluffy with a tad too much butter but I always scrape it off anyways. I always eat the chicken with the hot sauce that's provided and it's literally HEAVEN in your mouth. What made this deal even sweeter was I bought a voucher online for 50% off! That's $20 worth of food for $10! So I brought my girlfriend and now she LOVES this place. I always want to try other things on the menu but I always end up getting chicken and waffles because it never disappoints (although I do wish they had gravy for the chicken like Roscoe's does). If you're a fan of soul food and you haven't tried this place, you my friend, are missing out. I'll DEFINITELY, WITHOUT A DOUBT, be back for more to satisfy my cravings! Only bad thing about this place is the wait for the food! Maybe that's their strategy for making their food taste so good :PService here is ALWAYS superb. Employees are always asking you if you're doing okay, fills up your water when it's empty and makes sure you have enough condiments. 5 star service!***Parking***: Street metered parking in front is usually open. If not, there's typically parking across the street.Cash/Credit accepted here.
Too crackin! Everything was on point.
My review is so late, but the fried chicken was so good here I have to write a review! Better late than never!Friends and I stumbled upon this place after we ran the Color Run at Candlestick Park. I was craving something greasy, checked yelp and found Frisco Fried - THANK YOU YELP!We walked in and we were greeted right away - even though we were just plain dirty and covered in a mix of colored corn starch and sweat. Gross, I know. So again, thank you, Frisco Fried, for even serving us.We made our orders and even though it took a little while for the food to come out, it was well worth the wait. For the wallet-friendly prices, this food was pretty darn delicious. The chicken was fried perfectly with a nice golden crust and juicy meat on the inside. The waffle was nicely made, but to be honest, I would've been ok without it. My fried catfish was pretty good though - nice pieces of fillet that were seasoned well and fried to crispy perfection.If I'm in the area again, I"ll definitely stop by to get my fried chicken fix!
FRIED CHICKEN AND FOOTBALL!!!(3.75 stars)What a great way to clog your arteries!!! Don't come here looking for healthy eats, you come here for that quick dabble of some soul food.- Food, delicious- Prices, affordable for huge portions- Ambiance, small- Service, friendly and greatCame here using my LivingSocial deal (spent $10 for $20 worth of food) and it sure was worth every penny. Not sure why people complain about the wait, they are preparing the food correctly. And not sure why people don't tip, the staff is hustling themselves and this place can get busy, they deserve tips.HEFFER-STYLE STATUS.Special: 2 pcs of chicken and waffle ($7.95) - You can't come to a fried chicken place and not each chicken. You get a choice of chicken, breast and wing pieces were ordered. The chicken pieces were delicious, oily, but delicious. duh, oily - its fried what do you expect. The waffle was as huge as my face and it was a soft waffle, didn't have a crunch to it as i usually like my waffles.Fried Catish and Fries 1/2 order ($7.99) - Even with a 1/2 order, the portion was huge. Could definately be split for two small(er) people. It came with 2 big pieces of catfish, perfectly fried - nice crisp and seasoned outside with a tender flaky fish inside. Fries were delicious, you can tell they change the oil they fry in pretty often because the fries didnt have that nasty after taste, it was great!Side of Greens ($2.99) - Collard greens. Yup, this small figured Filipina chick loves collard greens. Side of Cornbread ($0.99) - Came with 2 pcs. OMG. i am a sucka for cornbread, not sure what it is but i'm always at quick impulse to buy when this is shown on menus. Scored me some delicious corn bread muffins.Will I be back? HELL YAH, you aint got to ask me twice.JABA APPROVED... Until the next rveview...
Scoutmob brought me here. I love, love, love fried chicken. I ordered the 4-piece chicken and waffle and 10 chicken wingettes for only $9 with Scoutmob. I'm glad the bf and I both have iPhones so we can use this deal twice!The chicken was good -- I didn't think the skin was flavorful enough but it was very crispy. The meat itself was very juicy and tender and not overcooked at all. The waffle was soft and thick, but I'm not too much of a waffle fan in general. Just gimme the chicken!The real winners were the lemon pepper wingettes. They were DELICIOUS. Perfectly fried, perfectly flavored, and not soggy from its sauce like at other places. I dream of those wings every now and then and I have to remind myself that I need to eat healthier. :(
A trip to the hood is worth it for some Frisco Fried. Excellent fried chicken. Their fried snapper is really good too, and all of their sides are a hit. My favorites were the garlic noodles and mac n cheese.JONASAPPROVED!
This place ROCKS!! and should be mentioned as the place place in San Francisco for Fried Chicken!! You gots to go. I went there with a buddy of mine from Louisiana that makes the best Fried Chicken I've ever tasted. My mother still says he must be doing something different to make it that good. (my twin - looks just like me / "hey - are you guys brothers?"). He LOVED the Fried Chicken and so did I. The Chicken has this beautiful crispy skin - lightly battered - just the right amount, juicy and moist on the inside deliciousness. We watched as 'Marcel' - the owner dipped the chicken in flour and made it fresh while we waited. DOUBLE WOW - So Good. 30 minutes is not a long time to make a complete meal people - seriously. The corn muffins are like dessert they are so good! We also got garlic noodles - a must try and they sell butter cookies prepackaged. Let me tell you if you like shortbread / butter cookies - these are awesome. I don't know how they're different, but so much good flavor. Super friendly service from an angel at the register and Marcel was the coolest. BTW - the neighborhood is fine and safe. No worries. Call ahead and get it to go (415) 822-1517
I ordered lunch on a Friday and was surprised that for a phone order only 15 minutes wait. Food was ok a little too much breading on the catfish and prawns yams a little over seasoned the greens were good although I felt the mail was overpriced service was good
One word: horrible. The waffles are decent. That's the only decent thing I ordered. It took sooooo long for our order to come out. Approximately 40 minutes for 4 orders of ONE WAFFLE & 2 pieces of chicken. No sense of urgency. They had enough staff and the cook seemed to be cooking one thing every 5 minutes. There were fly traps inside the establishment. Nothing about this place is inviting or memorable. If u don't have to ever come here please don't!!
really juicy fried chicken and really really good [yes, 2 reallys] waffles. the chicken coulda had more flavor but once smothered in their awesome mac n cheese, mmm.3.5 to be exact
The food was good had the 20 piece lemon pepper wings and fries, great flavor but the service was poor!! Not sure I'd go back and pay for such rude service!!! I can get wings anywhere.
Chicken, waffle, fries, everything. Even the Kool-aid is the bomb. It is a little pricy but it worth it when I eat it.
I normally don't eat fried foods at all. My very young co-worker was heading to lunch and offered to pick up lunch. 2 piece chicken and waffle. yum
Hands down best chicken and waffles I've had. The waffles seemed to be whole wheat with a cinnamon flavoring. And the chicken was fried to order, which did cause a bit of a wait but it was SO worth it. I am definitely going back.
It's not very often when I come by a restaurant and I love everything I order. I took my order to-go since my bf lives close to Frisco Fried. I tried... the fried chicken (of course), collard greens, waffle, and the mac and cheese.Fried chicken - hot and fresh out of the kitchen. Crispy, juicy, and just perfectly breaded.Collard greens - FREAKING GOOD!! Anyone who knows me knows I LOVE collard greens and it's always my go-to side. I love that it's not overly salty. Great great palette cleanser as well.Waffle - Big portion, sweet and fluffy waffle. Yum.Mac and cheese - You will taste the difference between instant mac and cheese, and this home-made cheesy hearty delicious dish!Love this place. Will continue coming here!
Best chicken n' waffles I've had! Chicken is juicy and perfectly flavoured. Waffles likewise very flavourful, perfectly matched with the butter and syrup.
Killer price NOT the wings are smaller then my son's thumb. One of the drums looked like they cut it in half. They cheated me out of three wings. When I told them there was three wings missing he asked me how do I figure that. Ummm hello there are twelve here and I paid for fifteen. Holding up a wing that appeared to be cut in half. I do you consider this a wing. He had the nerve to say so you want two and a half wings more. I won't even get on the black girl with fake braids who was the Rudest person ever. Another woman was in there who spent over forty dollars and then charged her a dollar for an extra container. I demanded my money back and left. This place needed bigger wings and better service.
Amazing chicken and waffles! Hot syrup, chicken is fried perfectly. Mac & cheese was very good. Service was horrible. Waitress did not check on us, not friendly. Very unprofessional. Waitresses were eating food on their lunch from another restaurant in main dining area. The wait was for the food wasn't to bad 20-30 minutes. Worth the wait for the food but not the service.
Frisco fried chicken is delicious. It seasoned well, crispy skin and juicy inside. I had it with side of waffles and mash potatoes. Best Wheat Waffles I had in the city, delicious and moist inside. Mash potatoes was excellent, different than most, I think they add garlic. I will definitely come back again. Very good and affordable price.
Finally tried it out... I didn't try this place till I had one of those online deals from buywithme, now known as gilt city. It was for ten dollars worth of twenty. What a deal almost half off? I phoned in my order and went there right away because I want my chicken hot and crunchy and not soggy. I got the 8 piece family meal which comes with 2 pieces of wing, 2 pieces of thigh, 2 pieces of leg, 2 pieces of breast, 4 muffins and 1 large side. It's all about chicken and waffles and it didn't come with waffles and I purchased one on the side $4.99 for a waffle seems to steep in my opinion.The place is decorative of SF sports with SF Giants orange on the walls with 2 flat screens in the back of store and front of store. They have a huge lit sign that says SF 49ers and giants on the other; I guess depending on the season they flip the sign over. They have a lot of 49er commemorative items and giants stuff on the walls.They have a daily special menu, their regular menu and a party tray menu.The chicken was packed nicely and breathable in a paper bag and the waffle in its own container. On the way home, the car smelled really good, I couldn't wait to dig a bite. So I first tried the chicken breast piece, super hot and juicy. I pulled the meat off the bones and it was steaming. It was so hot I had to lick my fingers to cool it down and taste the flavor of this fry chicken. This thing was moist; I mean it was literally leaking juice. Bite after bite it was juicy! I have not had this type of fried chicken breast this juicy ever. Then I tried the potato salad and that was good, popping flavors with potato and egg whites. This potato salad was delicious, it taste like some good old home cooking. The waffle was alright, it smelled really good, and not really worth $5.00 a piece. The muffins were alright as well, it wasn't what I was expecting.This place is definitely worth going back to try the other sides. The only bad thing I have to say is that some parts of the dark meat were a bit salty. The skin on chicken was crunchy and very well flavored. I have seen Groupon now deals and that's the best way to go in my opinion. I need to try the garlic noodles and Mac n cheese next time for the sides. Also if you check-in you can receive a medium fountain drink as well. Overall, good soul food, lot of things to try well deals not to expensive closest home cooking food instead of fast food Popeye's or KFC. It's not in the best neighborhood, so if you go night time go with a friend or sibling. The parking is a bit low and meter spots. You might have to park further away or some sort or park on the side of Frisco Fried to pick up your meal in / out if you phone order it. The staff is friendly and nice. The tables have a menu as well and daily special 7 days a week*parking*It is mostly meter and on the S bound of 3rd street.Cash or credit... cash is probably prefer.
I came here with the family. I didnt really know what to expect. It was delicious. Cooked to order so dont go when u are starving. Its clean and worth every dollar.
My first visit to a restaurant in my neighborhood after living here for more than half my life. Scoutmob was able to snag a deal with Frisco Fried for a 50% off discount and I jumped on the opportunity. Everyone raved about the mac and cheese and chicken. I'm not a particular fan of waffles so I decided to just go with the chicken. I got the two piece chicken (breast and leg) and a small mac and cheese, both $ 2.99 each and my total came out to be $3.82 ( after 50% off, sweet!)The chicken was still crispy when I got home and tasty! It wasn't as moist as I would have liked, but still better than others that I had in the past. The skin was extra crispy and flavorful. The mac and cheese was amazing! Not greasy and didn't taste like the cheap stuff kfc calls cheese. Delicious! Another +, didn't have to wrestle them for extra hot sauce, they gave me 3 packs yippeeee!Expect to wait 20 minutes minimum even if you call your order in or if there is no line, or both like me! They cook it to order. You might even have a more pleasant experience if you expect to wait 30 minutes.....but can't complain because you know your food is fresh!Go there and don't forget to use Scoutmob on your smartphone!
OMG! This place makes some fantastic chicken!  I am not a real fried chicken fan. I'll eat it, but I won't usually go out of my way to buy it and if given a choice I'll usually pick grilled or barbecued .. or just about any style of chicken before ordering fried chicken. For some reason I've been craving fried chicken ..so thought I would see what was out there.  I came across this place online and its only about 10-15 minutes from my house so I though I'd give it a try. I now understand why people rave about fried chicken. The skin is crispy, but no0t overly thick. It doesn't fall to pieces when you bite into it. - the coating actually stays ON the chicken.  The chiicken is juicy and tender and cooked to perfection. It is not overly greasy... not puddles of grease.. just a bit that soaked into the tray liner.  I had my chicken to go so it had about 20 minutes of sitting .. allowing ample time for grease to puddle (if it was going to) before I took my first bite.  The chicken was spiced just right... the somewhat bland fried chicken taste with just enough spice to allow me to eat it without using any of the hot sauce supplied. (I'm a hot sauce gal.. so that's saying a lot!) I ordered chicken and waffle special.  The waffle did not fair the trip home quite as well. It was a bit soggy when I opened the container (over a half hour later).. but it smelled delicious.  I decided to heat it up in the toaster oven to make it a bit more crispy which I am sure compromised it's perfection. The waffke tasted great it has some great spices in it .. perhaps a little bit of all spice or pumpkin pie type spices .. a little different than the spice in your standard buttermilk waffle. It was definitely a tasty waffle.  I'd like to try it in when it is fresh next time. The whole meal set me back $7.99 ... that's a reasonably priced meal! The menu does include carmelized garlic butter crabs.. priced at 16.99 for a half or 32.99 for a whole (current market price) - maybe next time- It is a seasonal menu item.  There is not much on the menu that could be considered diet friendly .. and 90% of the items are fried (as the name suggests) or doused in butther. But their special of the day is often baked or grilled - other than that hot dogs and burgers might just be the healthiest entrees on the menu. Of course, I really doubt you're stopping at a fried chicken place if you are counting calories or watching your fat intake. The service? Staff was friendly and my 15 minute wait time was really closer to half an hour (and I believe I was the first customer of the day). Since I had called ahead and had to get there I ended up waiting 10-15 minutes upon arrival.  I had read previous reviews so this wasn't surprising.  The TV was playing sports highlights .. so I was entertained while I waited.  In the end the meal was definitely worth the wait.
Honestly? This is as good as it gets for fried chicken. The skin, OH THE SKIN, is superbly fried. Crispy without being greasy, flavorful without being overly salty. I had 2 thighs, collard greens, fries, and mac&cheese. The collard greens were amazing, they tasted slow-cooked and were the perfect thing to cut the grease and richness of everything else. The mac&cheese was creamy and smooth and the fries were perfectly soggy. The key here is to get the gravy on the side. This way, you can dip EVERYTHING. And oh, you should. Dip everything. Trust me. No, really, trust me. You won't be sorry.
Used my Groupon, but I will be back for full price!The fried chicken was hot, juicy & crispy. The next day it tasted just as good (I ordered too much food). The waffle had cinnamon in it & the syrup was served warm which was a great surprise. We LOVED the mac & cheese & greens. Staff was very friendly
My husband and I were craving for some real fried chicken and waffle, and our cravings were satisfied by Frisco Fried.The fried chickens were tasty, tender, crispy, and just so yummy! The multigrain waffles were big, tasty, and cinnamon-ny. Collard greens were tender and yummy.Will be back of course for da "bomb" fried chickens soon!
finally went to frisco fried. after hearing great things about it.... the food was alright.. and i say just alright because it really took them 50 minutes to get me my food and got it with straight attitude.. i called in at around 8:15 pm.. they told us to be there before 9 to get the food.... we got there at 840. one girl tells us its going to take another 20-25 min, because they havent started our order yet... then another girl says its going to take 30 min. ok fine. we'll wait.. we came back and they were just in a rush to close. but our food wasnt ready yet.. i noticed they were putting the chairs up on the tables without wiping either the chair or table off... i completely understand if you are almost off work. and are anxious to leave. but we are also anxious to eat. they handed us our food with so much rush. not even a second of us being out the door and they were right behind us... it just felt as if we were a bother... i really doubt I'll be coming back.. no need to wait nearly an hour and receive a bunch of attitude with it.
Gotta love the prices at this place. We got a 4-piece dinner with a breast, two thighs, a drummie, mac and cheese, yams, and a cornbread muffin for $15. Not bad! The fried chicken was pretty good, although a bit on the dry/stringy side. It was seasoned well, though, and the skin was crispy and delicious. The mac and cheese was also pretty decent. The cornbread muffin was too dry, and the yams had too much ginger and other spices for both mine and my husband's taste. Overall though, in a pinch, I'd eat here again.
The chicken was very crispy and tasty. I didn't like any of the sides. TVs were very loud and service was super friendly but very slow. I'd say this is a great place to get takeout fried chicken.
Frisco Fried, you blow my mind, everytime.When I have dreams about fried chicken, it's Frisco Fried.When I wake up with a hangover, the only cure is Frisco Fried.When I cast my ballot in November, I will be writing in 'Frisco Fried'.If Jesus had wings, they would be Frisco Fried.
The chicken was excellent though. I wish i got to try the corn muffins.
Our interest was sparked after reading the review online earlier this week on sfgate.com. We're huge fans of both fried chicken and waffles. The restaurant interior reflects that of the SF Giants baseball team colors - black and orange down to the laminated menus on each table. We perused the menu, and noticed there were daily specials. However, we already decided to order the chicken/waffle combo even before setting foot in the restaurant. Major pro- You can request your choice of chicken pieces - I had the two piece chicken (breast and wing) with waffle, and hubby had the three piece chicken (breast, thigh, and drumstick) waffle combo. Extra $1 for chicken breast; but well worth it. Huge. Whipped butter atop the waffle. And warm maple syrup.Beware - as previously noted by other yelpers, you've got to be patient. Because the chicken is only fried after you've placed your order, you gotta wait. But once delivered to your table, it's piping hot. We timed our wait and it was 30+ minutes.We chowed down the waffle; then tried to attack the chicken. Well, we had to doggie bag two pieces - a chicken breast and thigh piece. For two plates of food consisting of a total of five pieces of chicken and two whole Belgian waffles, the tab came to $19.06. Wow, what a bargain. On the hygiene side, there are two unisex ADA bathrooms. Clean and tidy.Easy metered parking on the street and right on the Muni metro T line.
I read previous reviews about this being in a "sketchy" area....didnt see anything sketchy about it...but then again growing up in Stockton makes anywhere else look like paradise. So i decided to venture on in anyways...YES! I'm glad i did! The chicken was sooo moist and perfect! The sides are just as delicious. I had the mashed potatoes and buttered corn...just so good! oh and the definite selling point (for me at least) was that they served KOOL-AID! I'm in love with this place.
The establishment itself is very nicely kept, with a nice big television and comfortable booth seats and traditional table seating. The service is quite slow; I ordered a simple burger and it took almost 20 minutes. Definitely NOT worth the wait if you ask me. The flavored chicken is favorable in comparison to wing stop. I'll be back for the chicken and waffles however I am hesitant because my experience at this place was underwhelming.
Frisco Fried makes finger licking good chicken and scrumptous waffles. everything tastes fresh. oaktown's chickens & waffles is sadly lacking when comparing the two. frisco's decor and theme is red, like 49er red. the giants are also in da house.sampling:-waffles and 2 piece chicken (your choice of pieces)5.99chicken was tasty but a little dry.waffles, never had it like this before., unique taste or secret formula? something's extra in there.. not crack though. not addictive and i wasn't high, just full.-coffee(1.25) just average, probably from a wholesale discount place.crumbs:-bad for frisco, las palmas burritos/seafood, just opened . is almost kitty corner across the street.-frisco is the 3rd soul food type eatery to open recently on 3rd st. or is this the 4th?-friendly, adequate service. friendly management......-almost open kitchen, you can see if you stretch a bit.-parking ia possible but parking on the sidestreet at a iffy slope is a no go for me.-chicken definitely cost more here than kfc...-daylight dining no problem at all. but watch out for the motorized meter patrol. they fast.
I went there today on my lunch break to pick up food for my family. I live close. The ambiance was dirty and gross to be honest. I felt like if I touched anything at all i'd have a nasty grease stain on myself. Anyway, we ordered the 12pc family chicken dinner (all wings) with 2 large sides. For the sides we got the mac and cheese and the greens. Also, the extras... we ordered 2 waffles (4.99 each) and *GRILLED PRAWNS*. I was going to give this place 3 stars, but the girl messed up and instead of giving me the "GRILLED PRAWNS", I found out at home I got the fried shrimp with fries. I was p*ssed because when I called to inquire the charge, she told me that they only serve grilled prawns for dinner, which led me to believe that she knew she gave me the fried shrimp on purpose. Instead of doing the RIGHT thing and telling me that they only serve grilled prawns at dinner to begin with, I felt it was just an upsell. Thus 2 stars because my bf was eating the stale fries and the shrimp. Another reason I give this place 2 stars is because my experience was literally just "Meh..I've experienced better". The day before I ordered hardknox (just down the street). So i'll do a straight comparison. Hardknox chicken is better because of the crispness, the nice brown color and the much larger wings. Frisco Fried is good, but not as good. Hardknox waffles has a nice light crispy, but fluffy texture and buttery flavor. I didn't like Frisco Fried's waffle at all because it reminded me of EGGO WAFFLES. Ditch the cinnamon and give it on the side for those who care for it. They didn't even give butter to go with the waffles. LOL just one hole on the waffle had a smidge of butter. Mac and cheese on both Hardknox and Frisco Fried are equally good to me. I just love mac and cheese and it can do no wrong. =). Greens. Hardknox just does it right. Theres no way you can mess up on greens. Its such a simple vegetable. Frisco Fried needs to ditch whatever they put in the greens because I love greens and I couldn't even really eat the one they made. It was too sweet. Kind of distasteful. Their fries were too soggy. It didn't even look like something you should eat. I didn't taste the shrimp so no comment on that one. Cornbread..... Handsdown I'm sure you'd already know the answer. For the record Hardknox. Mmmmmm soooo good and so glad I have some leftover. I threw the ones from Frisco Fried to our dogs. It was too dry, but its a nice treat for our pets.
I had a three-piece fried chicken order to go. I heard good and read good things about the fried chicken here, including from a coworker. Therefore, craving this food, I had to come give it a try.I was not disappointed. It was indeed good. Especially good was the thin flaky crispy skin of my thigh piece.I had to wait 20 minutes for my order. Therefore, this is something to keep in mind.Also, hurray for their decor featuring orange and black (San Francisco Giants) colors as well as some photos and other memorabilia of the teams that are on the wall.
The food is three stars and I am giving this spot an extra star on the sole account that their decor is freakin awesome! I mean if you're a SF Giants fan then you have got to love that the complete restaurant, even the walls are in orange and black. Also, there are plenty of TV's available for your viewing pleasure. For my lunch order, I went with the fried chicken and waffles together which was solid! I also got a half order of the snapper to satisfy my seafood craving. My little boy had the mac n cheese plate which he ate up quick. And while this isn't exactly the spot if you're vegetarian, my wife found something on the menu she could enjoy, she went with the garlic noodles, collard greens, and she couldn't resist the waffles.  Everything was delicious here. Not sure if I've had garlic noodles quite like they serve them here--highly recommend!The Deal: I made two Groupon purchases for their $10 deal for $20 in food fare.(-) parking(+) reasonable prices(+) TVs available for game watching(-) beer not served(++) Cool looking SF GIANTS decor
3.5 stars. To all those people complaining about the long wait, would you rather wait 20 minutes to get freshly fried, piping hot fried chicken, or wait 5 minutes to get lukewarm, dry chicken? I've experienced the latter at Little Skillet, which was the biggest waste of $20+, so I personally am more than willing to wait for freshly fried food.Also, I agree with other yelpers that Frisco Fried is not located in the ghetto. There's a ton of restaurants along Third Street and it doesn't look unsafe. Plus, our server/cashier was friendly and the place was clean. Now onto the food:Short story: The cornbread is good, the chicken is pretty good, the sides are bad. Long story:The cornbread muffin is crispy on the outside, moist in the center, and is served warm. They give you one cornbread with the chicken dinner and had me wishing for more!I really like how they ask you which chicken pieces you want instead of arbitrarily deciding for you! The chicken was the most juicy chicken I had ever eaten -- so juicy that after cutting into the breast the juices leaked out and formed a pool on my plate! And the skin was nice and crisp. My only issue with the chicken was that it wasn't brined enough and therefore wasn't able to cut this gamey chickeny flavor that I find rather unpleasant. Unfortunately the sides were a disappointment. The mac n cheese macaroni was way overcooked and it seemed like the sauce was made by melting Kraft singles. Also, the only detectable seasoning used in the mac n cheese was McCormick ground pepper. I normally don't believe in throwing away food but this mac n cheese was so disgusting I couldn't find it in me to eat the leftovers the next day. The yams were also overcooked and seemed like more suitable food for a toothless grandparent. They also weren't sweet or seasoned enough to be candied yams so I'm not sure what they were going for. The fries were very starchy and not particularly crisp on the outside.Note for next time: Avoid the chicken dinner with sides, and go for the chicken & waffle.
I had a Groupon I was dying to use, and with the day as beautiful as it was...I decided to go to The City (SF) to eat, and then shop!! First, I have to mention the service. We were greeted warmly, and told immediately that someone would be over to help us. The young lady who helped us was pleasant, patient, and professional. The warm atmosphere, alone, would be my motivation for returning to this establishment!!! But wait, there's more.....The food was great, fantastic, jammin, slammin, bangin, delicious, delish, "the bomb", and any other words you would use to describe good ole' down home food. We both had chicken and waffles (breast & wing, and breast & leg). The chicken came to our table hot and juicy. It took about 20-25 minutes for the chicken to cook...but it was worth the wait. The waitress came over when we had about 5 minutes left in the cooking time and told us our food would be ready shortly. The waffles were soft and had a delicious cinnamon taste to them. I usually like my waffle a little crispier...but this waffle was cooked to perfection. And with the butter and warm syrup (yes, they serve their syrup warm), I was tempted to order another...just because it was sooooo good. We also had a side of mac n cheese...and it was good too. In fact, all of the food was SEASONED...NOT SALTY...there is a difference!!!! Whether you have a Groupon, or not....this establishment should be added to your list of great places to eat in The City (SF). I will DEFINITELY be back!!! :)
Great fried chicken, horrible service. Called in an order once and was told it would be ready in 15 min. Get there pay and waited another 30 min for them to take their sweet time. Cook sitting around not doing a damn thing. I don't know if they are just lazy or complacent but it's sad because the food is good if you have all afternoon to wait around.
Was finally convinced to try this place. Called in an order for your basic Fried Chicken Meals for 2 people only. This was a Sunday and the Niners game was done and im sure everyone ate and was full. So a good time when it wasnt busy. I was advised 20 Min. over the phone. Got there in 30 min just to be safe. No Patrons what so ever inside and had to wait an additional 30 min. No apology neither. As some reviewers posted - a bit long and if they were to have told me a 45 min to an hour. wait - at least I can work with an honest answer. As for the Fried Chicken. It tastes great. Hot and freshly cooked and I recommend the Garlic Noodles which I see why the long wait but once again, let patrons know as a courtesy. it's Hunter's Point HP and 3rd st. but its to be expected. Just a hint of customer service improvement is all - The area is changing / upgrading so keep in mind. I do recommend to try but if you're not familiar with SF, as a notice: It's not in the friendliest part of town.
Venture out to 3rd street for Frisco Fried is a good choice when it comes to great eats at a reasonable price. Chicken fried in any style, weather its southern, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, British, or country, it always end-up being my favorite meal.The chicken only option on the menu consisted of equal pieces of breast, thigh, leg & wing was the best value with a side of moist & flaky cornbread. Simply fried with the basic seasonings is all it need to enjoy this cooked to order fried chicken. Cooked at a high temperature and the chicken didn't come out soaking in oil and remained hot and crispy. Although it took more than 20 minutes of waiting time for the meal, it was well worth waiting for. However, I notice that a few people walk in to pick up their orders as they had already called it in before hand, sometime to take note the next time.
Best chicken and waffle I've had that is affordable and in an unpretentious establishment.Whenever my friends and I are starving, sweaty and costume-ed from neighboring KOFY TV's 80's Dance Party, we go to Frisco Fried. The manager always remembers us, there's always parking, you pay at the register first and no wait!I truly believe there is not one bad dish on the menu. I love this place.
The food is GREAT! We had waffles (cinnamony and fluffy) and fried chicken (perfectly moist & tasty) greens and mac & cheese. The sides were excellent, and I think those 2 in particular go together very nicely.The tall smiling lady at the counter was very friendly. She had taken our order by phone (so it would be ready and just cooled off by the time we arrived. I recommend this idea, since it's all made to order, and chicken takes about 20 minutes)The place is cute and tidy, with pics of Malcom X and Coretta Scott King and Giants Decor GaloreNext time the CRAB and garlic noodles!
Let's start by addressing the elephant in the room. Yes it's in the Bayview, but no, this place is not ghetto. Not even close. Tables and floors were immaculately clean, the waitstaff and customers were friendly and pleasant, and I heard no gunfire or police helicopters. Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeelax!That said, the food was a little disappointing. Fried chicken was decent--very juicy with a pleasant, crispy skin--but nothing phenomenal. I would have preferred a thicker, crunchier, and more aggressively flavored batter. Sides were also just fine. The collared greens were competent, but the mac and cheese was weak--way too mushy. Nothing kills me like mushy pasta.Service was slow but friendly. The food took 20 minutes to come out, even though there was only one other group in the restaurant. But our waitress was very nice and kept us updated on the food status, so it's hard to complain too much. Prices, however, were great. $10.99 gets you three pieces of chicken and two sides, just enough to make you hate yourself.
First time at Frisco Fried. We usually go to Auntie Aprils down the street. They were closed and we saw that Frisco Fried was still open. We walked in right before closing. The waitress was super nice, despite it almost being closing time. We all ordered chicken and waffles. I liked that we could order any combo of pieces of chicken. 3 pieces of chicken and a waffle for under $10.00! Total deal. OMG, the chicken was out of this world. Super juicy, even the breast. The flavor was all the way through the chicken. Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. The waffle is sweet and not crispy on the outside as others have said. I would like it to be a little crispier, but the flavor was yummy. Parked right in front (Sunday at 6:30pm) The owner (I think) thanked us for coming in and told us not to rush, even though it was after closing at this point. Will definitely go back, again!
Some of the better soul food I've had in San Francisco. The crispness and lightness of the chicken was just what I wanted. Go immediately.
I have eaten here 2 times. They always start off with " That will be 20 minutes".OK, on my last visit on a Sunday, the place had a table of hungover hipster drunks, yapping about last nights drinking. 8 of them in all I was in line and was then asked to get out of line due to the fact the large group has a hard time ordering. " Get out of line ?" was my response. The girl behind the counter stated that the last 2 of the group needed to order, they were in fact at the table still trying to establish their order. That took five minutes. The group then decided to have Mimosas so they popped a champagne cork that flew up and off the ceiling and then to the floor as they all hooped and hollered. One of the staff tried to subdued the group by saying that it was not allowed there. They pitched a bitch and they let them continue. I have still yet to order. Once I do order, " That will be 20 minutes" My order was behind the group of 8 , each of their dishes came out either wrong or to the wrong person. Clusterfuck! The chicken is OK, the fries were so undercooked they were soggy and limp. Frisco Fried , more like Frisco Tried. The side Mac was cold and the entire time I was eating , I tried to summon the waitress but they were both watching football , trying to get their attention was to no avail. When they picked up my dishes, they did ask how everthing was. I told them the problems with the food and service. ' She replied " You should have said something!" then I mentioned the fact that they were watching football and never once came out once the food was delivered. If you can fry chicken, then why can't you fry French Fries?
I loved everything on my plate...and my boyfriends plate...and my parents plate! I had chicken, macaroni and cheese and potatoe salad. It was all good! And what the heck was in that cornbread...OMG delicious! This is the best I've had in a while and I will definitely be stopping by before and after the 49er games!
HELLA good finger-licking fried chicken!Pros: Food: This place is a must if you're craving chicken and waffles. Literally, the fried chicken is juicy and succulent in the inside, and crispy on the outside, and it goes so complimentary with the steamy, sweet, and golden waffles. Besides the chicken and waffles, there are plenty of other delicious food choices to select from burger dogs, cajun seafood, fried fish, and chicken wings. They also have a pretty good selections of sides, such as corn bread, yams, and garlic noodles. Quality: The wait time is a bit long but so worth it because the chef takes his time in preparing the food. Price: All entree selections are about $10 or less and it will definitely satisfy a huge appetites. Atmosphere: This place really knows how to represent their name. The inside is bright orange and black, obviously representing the best baseball team, the GIants! Service: The waitress was extremely friendly and attentive and made you feel at home when your dining here. She would frequently come by the table and check on how we were doing and asked if we needed help or get anything when we were dining. Cons:Parking: Like many other SF restaurants, parking is a bit of hassle and you do have to pay a certain price for parking. This particular location has no designated parking structure, so you'll have to resort to street parking. FYI please do bring change for the parking meters.Overall, San Francisco generally has a good number of chicken and waffles offerings, but Frisco Fired is truly one of the must try's when you're in the SF.
The staff is very friendly, the place is very clean LOTS of Giants and Niner sports memorabilia. The food is awesome, had the smothered pork chops and greens. Hands down in my top 10. To bad the place closes at 7pm.
Fried chicken, greens, and mac n cheese. The chicken is crisp and juicy and flavorful and deserves 4 starsThe greens are spiced nice and cooked perfect to a 5 starThe mac is alright, not that special tho but a legit 3 starThis is all I have to comment on for now, but the salt, oil, and all tha soul goodness hasn't tasted this good to me in a while.
I was so disappointed on my last visit. I had been there several times before without any problems. This time I was there with my service dogs and was told first by the female cashier that dogs were not allowed. When I told her they were service dogs she said no problem. Shortly thereafter a very large man emerged from the back and aggressively and rudely told me that there are no dogs allowed. I told him that my dogs were service dogs. He invaded my personal space and said in rather loud voice in front of the dining room with other customers watching, "I DON'T CARE". As required by local, state, and federal law, I tried to show him the service tags for them and was not asked to do so. I was not asked in what capacity of service the dogs provide. I was embarrassed and did not want to draw any more attention to myself. I felt unwelcomed and complied and put my dogs in the car, ate quietly and as fast as I could and left. I could not believe how a restaurant owner would be so uncompliant with the law. Like it or not, simply because my illness is not obvious does not give anyone the right to refuse or not comply with the law. I will not ever be returning and I will be filing a formal complaint.
Imagine this forkful: juicy chicken breast sprinkled with Crystal hot sauce, crispy waffle with a hint of vanilla smothered in whipped butter & warm maple syrup (from a squeeze bottle)...It's like a mnage a trois in your mouth...it's just chicken, waffles & your tastebuds... Powerless against the wiles of this irresistible power couple. 4.5 stars. Best chicken & waffles in nor cal.
The name of the place and the picture of the waffle is about all you need to know. The fried chicken was top notch. The waffle could have been better but served its purpose. The service and fellow patrons were all nice.
Fried chicken made to order??? Man, I never really understood why people crave fried chicken...but now I do...I now crave Frisco fried's chicken (and yes, I only have been there once). The area isn't so bad...park in front and there are a lot of other restaurants, stores, etc...I just made a detour and drove all around the neighborhood, which wasn't that fun. I'm a big mac n cheese fan, so I got that as well, and it was really good.
I ilke how they're close to my bfs house. Location location!The mac and cheese was really good!!! It's nice to share amongst guys. Fried chicken was nice and fries were okay. The waffle was good as well. I think it's just a ok, not great.. :(
Love frisco fried! We have ordered their chicken, Mac and cheese, potatoe salad and corn bread for 2 kids bday parties and each time our yuppie foodie friends have raved about the food. We have had fried chicken at front porch and firefly many times and this is just a delicious and a fraction of the price. Such nice people to deal with as well - great service.
So I guess the first time I went, everything was just exceptionally bad. This second time was better. I never wanted to go here again, but my companion really wanted to and I had read about a salad bar option. There was no salad bar to speak of and the waiter looked at me like I was crazy when I asked. There's no salad on the menu either... This time, I tried the chicken, but I asked for it extra crispy and it was good. I got breasts this time, like I wanted, and they were both very meaty. I had rice and gravy and collared greens for my sides... the greens were a little too bitter for me (hard knox's greens are not...) but the rice and gravy were pretty great. I think I got jipped last time on the mac n cheese too because I saw someone else's mac n cheese this time and it looked delicious. orange and cheesy with elbows instead of pale, disgusting-looking shell pasta. service is pretty bad... if they are remotely busy, you can expect a long wait. It was about an hour before we got our food. So the place is okay, it's not horrible, but it's not a place I'm anxious to get back to. Oh, and the credit card machine worked this time.
Here for lunch another day, me and co-workers were very disappointed. THE fried chicken was actually very good tho, BUT!!!! That's about it!! Oh, and the butter corn wasn't too bad as well comparing to other items we had.With a 20 to 30 mins waiting for smelly and oily fried fish and non-crispy fries, ummm... I don't know what to say to ya'll. Go somewhere else to have better food and quicker service might not be a bad idea. Just saying~
I've read many great reviews on yelp about this place, decided to try it out. Called in and ordered 3 pieces of fried chicken (leg wing and thigh) and french fries, said that it would take about 20 minutes.Arrived there and total came out to be about $7.50, very reasonable. I have to say, the chicken is pretty damn good. Very good flavor, though the batter wasn't nearly as crunchy as auntie april's. The chicken by itself was pretty good, but it was amazing with the hotsauce it came with. I'm usually not a fan of heavy vinegar flavors, but the hot sauce really made the flavors pop out! Neighborhood is alright, it really isn't too deep into the ghetto. I will have to come back, and I hope livingsocial or groupon has a deal for them again!
Used a Groupon Deal to get their 20 Piece Chicken Dinner Pack, which provided plenty of food for my party of four. I definitely recommend calling to place your order 30 minutes ahead as I did, for our large order was still being prepared when we arrived. I initially thought their fried chicken was a bit overrated when it was fresh out of the fryer, for I couldn't tell the chicken was brined and had flavor when it was super hot! However, I could taste the flavors and subtle seasoning when I ate the cooled-down leftovers later in the day! Also, their fried chicken isn't that greasy! But I still needed to shake a little black pepper onto the meat, which was nearing the overcooked point.The meal also came with two family sides, which I opted for the collard greens and garlic noodles, and ten cornbread muffins. I chose the greens for the healthy choice but, never having tried this before, I personally didn't like this vegetable. Though extremely overcooked, soft and salty, the garlic noodles tasted great with the rawness of minced garlic as well as being horrendously drenched in a butter-vegetable oil mixture. The muffins had a nice crisping on the outside and were not dry as I've come to expect of cornbread. I didn't find a great value in the small portion size of their side dishes; their family-size sides came in two small cereal bowls, so I was a little miffed by that.
Frisco Fried is the best. As someone who grew up in the Bayview HP area, it's great to come back to the old neighborhood and get quality food with great service. I've taken my Latina wife's family here as their introduction to Soul Food and they loved it. The fried catfish is probably the best I've ever had, sides are on point and heck, they even have decent garlic crab. Im glad I don't live in the area anymore as I would probably eat there a few times a week and that def wouldn't be good for my heart. It still is the spot for a pre-game before big Niner games at the Stick and since this is the last year there, Frisco Fried will definitely be seeing a lot of me this fall.
WAIT AND YOU SHALL RECEIVE.I probably would NEVER visit this place on a busy, bustling weekday lunch break or Saturday night because it does take a while for the chicken to fry (they batter, season, and drop it once you order it) BUT this is probably some of the best fried chicken I've had in my life.I ordered one of the combo plates with 3 pieces of smothered fried chicken, a couple of sides, THE LEMON GARLIC/CHILI WINGS, and I was hella happy. Cool place to sit and watch a football or basketball game with friends or just hang out at.The woman behind the counter and that waited on us was sweet and friendly.
Really good fried chicken, cooked to order. Waffles were strong as well. Mac and cheese and red beans were competent but not as good. Parking was pretty easy.If you are in the mood for chicken in waffles this is a safe stop.
Why is it I gotta drive up north to get decent soul food? Oh well. Dropped in this place and got the 3 piece fried chicken (the acid test for all things anything) dinner. Results:1) Fried chicken - leg, thigh, wing: done on order so u wait and I'm all for that...excellent crispy skin, nicely, subtly spiced. About as good as I've had. Props for doing it on order.2) Collards: yes another true test of all things south and soul, very good, u need to cook them for awhile and being down the bitterness...was done, nice added smoked meat and bit of mustard.3) Mash potato and gravy: pretty good...gravy had certain extra spice..nutmeg?.not sure. I tend to lean a bit more straight salt/pepper.4) Corn bread - excellent.I'll be back for sure!
The chicken was really good. I got the three piece and it was sizzling hot and juicy, I burnt my fingers a couple of times trying to greedily get INTO the chicken before its time. But that is a waiting game I am happy to indulge in. So yeah, the chicken was well seasoned, good meat on it, I would recommend people try the place out as you round out your Grand Tour of the city's fried chicken. The sides were not amazing. I had the garlic noodles and mashed potatoes, and both felt like they recently sprung from the box. Which I don't think is always terrible, sometimes boxed stuff can be good, especially if you dress it up. But somehow the noodles were just swimming in oil and tasteless. And the mashed potatoes were meh. The chicken was probably better than fried knox cafe, though the setting is not as nice, and it is a trek on the T (or a nice bike ride on a sunny day, which in the Bayview is often). Thankfully, I went when there was only one other couple there, so no long waits as people were complaining about. Which was especially good because even though I was the only person being served at the time (the couple were finishing up), she was basically the most diffident and not really into serving so much server I've ever encountered. She took my order after a while and then sat in the front watching tv and maybe picking at a few school problems? She never came back and the cook (who was super sweet) had to actually check in with me and bring me my food. Maybe she was the boss's daughter and had been grounded to work the waitressing shift? I never care about service, but um, I like it to exist. Anyhow, go for the chicken.
WARNING: Beware of the food coma that will surely take over after eating here. So, do not attempt to operate a motor vehicle or heavy machinery or anything else!!Definitely one of the best fried chicken I've ever had. The skin was crispy, the inside was juicy and had a nice bounciness, the seasoning was flavorful and it just made you feel good every time you took a bite!I came here on sunday with my bf for lunch. We ordered 3 piece chicken and waffles. OMG. I've never really had chicken and waffles together but from what I know about fried chicken and waffles separately, frisco fried definitely served up some of the best waffles and chicken I've ever had.The waffle was so soft and buttery and it just melts in your mouth. thinking about it makes me drool.We also ordered garlic noodles and mashed potatoes. I was a bit turned off by the garlic noodles because about half way through eating it, I saw the pool of butter at the bottom of the bowl. It was delicious, don't get me wrong, but damn...with that much butter, anything is delicious.The mashed potatoes with gravy is a must. if you ever come here, do not miss out on them, they are probably the most buttery fluffy mashed potatoes ever! it was so good, probably drowned in butter too, but it's okay I didn't have to see it. The place was really clean and the atmosphere was fun. They have tvs with the news going and one for the kids watching cartoons. Service was excellent. I have no complaints. And the prices were really fair for the portion of food. 4.5 Stars Hands down. I will have to come back for the Chef's special carmelized butter crab. I cannot wait.
Very street fried chicken. Their chicken+waffle is good. They serve it as two different dishes and not integrated, but each is good separately and together.
Holy comfort food, Batman! I usually reserve my 5-star reviews for places with incredible ambiance, impeccable service, and stellar food. Notice, I did not say, places with white tablecloths, a snooty waitstaff, and stellar food. Yes, stellar food is a must for five stars, but I also make it a point to consider the source. Is it fair to hold the experience at a fried chicken joint up to the French Laundry? I think not. Is it fair to compare it to other fried chicken joints? Abso-frigging-lutely.That said, Frisco Fried is as good as you're gonna get in that arena. Ambiance? Better than you'd expect for what we snooty white people like to call an "up-and-coming" neighborhood. Giants colors and memorabilia, plenty of seating, and no stink-eye if you sit at the table with your drink while waiting for take-out.Service? So, so, warm, friendly, and helpful. There's a terrific little girl who sometimes works the register at this family establishment. And none of them laughed at me when I thought the Kool-Aid was iced tea. And dumbasses, stop complaining about the wait! There's a reason your KFC is only 1/10th as crispy as this. It's. Not. Made. To. Order. If you want it faster, quit yer bitching and head over to Popeye's. Me, I'll play Words with Friends on my iPhone and wait for the gift of chicken.Which brings me to the food. Oh, the chicken! Even after the 10-minute ride home, it was crispy as all get-out. If you're one who wouldn't deign to eat the skin, GTFU of one of my favorite new places. You don't deserve to be served here.
I decided to try this place out because I had a groupon to use and it was expiring. I had heard great things about it and one being that it was a hidden gem. The building itself is some what small and if you blink while driving you will miss it. The place is very clean and looks like it was just remodeled. I went on a day when the NBA playoffs were on and luckily they had the TV going so we could watch while we ate. A total plus!we ordered the hot wings, catfish, mac and cheese, greens and cool aid. The wings were crispy and spicy just how I like them. The sauce had a special kick. The mac and cheese was delicious and the greens were perfect. The catfish was also amazing.I would definitely go back!!!
A solid 4 stars!If you're at all worried about coming down to this area because of the bad rap the neighborhood gets, come during lunch time - it's bright/sunny and perfectly safe :)A friend and I just had lunch here today - our first visit to Frisco Fried. Parking is easy on the street right on front of the restaurant - bring quarters for meters, or free 2 hour parking on side streets (careful of street cleaning times, we forgot to check and got a $55tix for parking during noon-2pm Monday zone!).We arrived at about 1230PM and there were 2 other set of customers - the place has about 10 tables. The hostess was super nice, very friendly and made us felt at home right away.Prices are about right given the generous portion size. We ordered the $6.99 special - waffle & 2 pieces of chicken (added $1 for a breast piece, well worth it, the breast piece was actually almost 2x as big as the thigh piece!) and the $11.99 - 1/2 dinner plate order of fried snapper with yams, mac & cheese and corn bread.Definitely 5 stars for the waffle and chicken. The waffle wasn't hard on the outside, was perfectly fluffy/airy and moist on the inside (wonder if I can order just the waffle alone sometimes as a side dish). The chicken was moist, crispy on the outside, and perfectly seasoned. Definitely would order this again!The cornmeal battered snapper was okay. I thought it was a bit on the dry side, and the cornmeal under seasoned. My friend really liked it and didn't have the same thoughts about the fish. We both thought the mac & cheese was disappointing - was way too generous with the cheese, felt it should have been called 'cheese & mac' instead; and because the mac was a bit overcooked/soft. Nevertheless, the waitress told us it was their #1 best selling side dish. So if you like cheese, definitely get the mac & cheese.The restaurant was clean and comfortable. Neither of us visited the men's room so I can't comment on that. It was slightly on the slow side from the time we ordered to when the food arrived at our table, even though it wasn't very busy. I wonder how quickly the food would come out if they were more busy. The food came out piping hot :DGreat job Frisco Fried! You got new fans :)
OMG fried chicken nirvana!The fact that it's cooked to order for sure put them on top of my list for fried chicken! I seem to crave fried chicken more than any other food and I'm glad I finally got to try Frisco Fried and it was delicious! Definitely more than satisfied that craving. By far the best fried chicken I've tried lately. It was crispy, moist and seasoned just right. Not too salty or greasy for a change! Ordered the 16pc chicken dinner with 2 large family sides of mashed potatoes with gravy and greens, plus 8 freshly made muffins for $34 and it was amazing. Such a great deal too since it's a ton of food! LOVED it all. Best to order ahead since it takes at least 30mins. Can't wait to try everything else on the menu.
Goodbye Hard Knox Cafe, helloooooooooooooooo Frisco Fried!My search for good southern food has found a new star. At a recent happy hour at Speakeasy brewery in Dogpatch, I was looking for a place to eat nearby. I came upon this Frisco Fried, with its hundred reviews and 4 stars. Unfortunately, it was closed at the time, so I kept it on the list of places to try. This past weekend, I decided to pick up some food from here for the Niners game. I walked into the place and the first thing I see is the orange and black color scheme and two TVs showing the football game. Nice. I guess it hasn't been open too long, but it's good to see a place really get into the SF spirit. A look at the menu tells me that they focus on the southern food. Fried chicken and waffles is the big item on the menu. 1) Fried chicken (3-piece dinner $10.99) - I thought this was an excellent deal. You get to choose what type of meat you want, and the dinner comes with a corn muffin and two sides. I thought the fried chicken was better than several other places (Hard Knox, Little Skillet, Farmer Brown). Crispy and flavorful skin, plump and juicy pieces of chicken. Call me impressed. The mashed potatoes were really good and the beef gravy seemed like an excellent homemade recipe. The potato salad was pretty good too. 2) Fried catfish and prawn dinner - A little more expensive, but you definitely get your money's worth. 3 large fillets of catfish and 7-8 large prawns, dipped in cornmeal batter and perfectly fried. I was really surprised when I bit into the hot and crispy fillets of fish and found the fish to still be moist and flaky, not dried out and fried to hell. The cornmeal crust is light, crunchy, and adhere to the fish well. The collared greens are bursting with flavor, with bits of ham(?) mixed into the tender stewed leaves. And the mac & cheese... hell yeah. Most times, mac and cheese from a takeout place isn't that great, but that's not the case here. Intensely cheesy, the best mac and cheese I've had in awhile. No, it's not truffle mac and cheese with 3 types of aged gruyere and cheddar, but it was really good. And they give you sizeable portions on the sides. This 2-way combo was more than enough for two meals. Friends also got the chicken and waffles and the oxtail. Didn't get a chance to try it, but they were satisfied. The service was really friendly, and the customers were very diverse. Seems like a place that has a lot of local support, which is great. Like others have said, they do prepare the food to order, so it does take a little while to come out. Good thing they had the football game on TV. I will definitely try to get back here for some of their other food.
Five stars, yes!!Five stars because...-parking was a breeze-customer service is great!-pricing is super reasonable-cleanliness-oh, and the quality of food... Duh!Came in here on a saturday afternoon. We were greeted by a very friendly lady and immediately seated. The tv was on, the radio was on.. The spot was very clean. We waited about 20 minutes for our food and boyyy was it delicious! For two people, we ordered 8 pcs of fried chicken-- this came with mac and cheese and corn bread. We also ordered a side of waffles. The total before tip was about 25.00.. so cheap! The chicken was fried to perfection, so crisp-and-melt-in-your-mouth!I could go into detail about the food.. but please just go and try it for yourself! Frisco fried is a must!
Pros: * Freshly fried food* Garlic noodles were yummy.* They separate your chicken from your waffle so at least my waffle isn't soggy.Cons: * It takes a while (30 mins more) to get your food, so if you're hungry be prepared to wait* Winglettes are super small, they're not they normal wing size that most people have in mind. Sidenote:* If you order the winglettes and decided to have more than one flavor like lemon pepper and garlic, they will charge you extra for it. It's not listed on the menu nor did they tell us when we ordered. So watch out for that.* The chicken and waffles are good. I'd say their chicken is better than their waffles though.
Did someone say fried chicken?! Since moving to the bay I've been on a relentless search to find some good fried chicken outside my own house. Being raised by a southern mom doesn't really help many people, because you have these ridiculous high standards for chicken & no one's chicken is better than my family's fried chicken, except maybe my own. None the less, someone told me about this place while I was shopping on Burlingame Ave @ PB (never thought I get a fried chicken recommendation in Burlingame @ freakin Pottery Barn). I had a few leftover sides from Christmas dinner and thought I'd get a whole fryer to help finish the dinner off. Had to use GPS to find this place and it was a nice distance from home. Got a whole fryer and the cashier talked me into the mac n cheese. Had dinner and the chicken was worth the trip by itself. I can't stand under seasoned fried chicken and this was seasoned just right and the chicken was still CRAZY moist. The mac n cheese on the other hand was BOOOOOOOO!!! Yet, I'm learning everyone's mac n cheese taste are different. Still I don't like it and will probably only go to this place for the chicken. The chicken is definitely some of the best in the city & if I don't feel like making it myself, I think I've found my go to spot.
To eat a chicken this delicious should be a crime! It was perfectly fried!! I order the 2 pieces of chicken and waffle. The waffle smell delicious, taste like homemade. Fluffy but soft. The chicken was gold and crispy, taste like butter. My husband has the garlic wings and were amazing! Super crispy! Service was nice. :)
Best. Fried. Chicken. In. San. Francisco.  The Best.I don't even want to discuss it.  Insanely good prices.Friendly, beautiful waitress. Great sides.Everything fried fresh to order, nothing sitting around under heat lamps. Chicken breasts the size of your head.The Best!
Man did I enjoy my meal here! Now I am a staunch advocate for Roscoes Chicken And Waffles in LA but.. Now that I have had Frisco Fried, I know where to go to satisfy my craving without that annoying 6 hour drive. Talk about good! I had the House Special which comes with 2 chicken wings and a waffle. I also added a side of Mac and Cheese. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and crunchy just like I like it. The waffle was nice and fluffy with great flavor not to sweet and not too savory. The mac and cheese was OK but I didn't go there for that. The portions were huge! The three of us all left with doggie bags. The lady and Gentleman that were there were super nice and accommodating. The Chef came out after we were done and asked how our meal went which I thought was really nice. We were just finishing up as they were closing and another couple walked and they still served them. I thought that was super cool because if that was me... lets just say I would have lost some customers LOL All in all i will definitely be back! They get a 10/10 on the Donald scale!
This is what fried chicken is all about. The skin was crisp with the perfect amount of flakiness of the crust. It was well seasoned and juicy to the bones.
Frisco Fried came onto my radar via Groupon. I don't know how I hadn't found it before then, as I love fried anything.Two of us shared the 2-way combo dinner. With that comes your choice of catfish, snapper, prawns, oysters, fried chicken and two sides. We chose the fried chicken (dark meat), prawns, yams and greens. We also ordered a side of fries. Everything was delicious, I would order everything again (except maybe the fries). The chicken was really well flavored and crunchy. The yams were cinnamon-y comfort food. The greens were smoky and salty. The prawns were crunchy fried yumminess with a great tartar sauce. We ate everything, no leftovers for us, and we're pretty good eaters... We were full, so the 2-way combo plus a side is good for two if you're not in to leftovers.Two picky things: 1) I love salt, but the greens were a little too salty... I know, I know, they're supposed to be... 2) The fries were ok, part of this might be that we ordered take out, because it's raining and we wanted a comfy-cozy dinner in and the fries may not travel well (although everything else we ordered totally did). They're fresh-cut fries, thicker than in-and-out but in that same category of fry. Here's the thing, if you're a big fry person, don't order them, get something else. The only thing that could possibly make them better... delivery... to Bernal Heights :)
Went today for the second time. The first time I got smothered pork chops, greens, mac n cheese and corn bread. It was all very good except the mac n cheese could of been a little more moist. But besides that is was excellent.Today I had the chicken and waffels, yams and corn bread. The waffle was a nice fluffy belgian waffle. The chicken was smoking hot, cooked and seasoned to perfection. I will definitely be going back
Rosco's can stay in SoCal cuz Frisco Fried is where the real food is at! Bring your family, bring your friends, listen to some great humor (from the staff), enjoy some delicious home style cooked southern food, but leave your stereotyping slang at the door. We want to eat in peace bruh.The all American soul food heaven was in this neighborhood known as Hunter's Point. The stereotype for this neighborhood is that its drug laden, gang riddled and violent. That's complete bullshit. The RBL Posse music group originated in HP and promoted our beautiful San Francisco. Back in my day..(blah blah blah)..The first time I came here, I had the traditional 3 piece Chicken'n'Waffles. Waffles which had a nice vanilla fragrance to it when you lather on the butter and pour the smoked apple syrup on top. I enjoyed every bite of better than Rosco's waffles. xPLast night, I had the Ox Tails dinner. The food was AWESOME. Southern style spices, tender meat, and a sauce which had a hint of anise fragrance. It was a really soul filling experience and ended with a cup of Kool Aid. General Tab: $10~20 for dinner w/ drinks
I really like this place. Chicken and waffles were very good. The girl who took my order was very helpfull.  I wasn't crazy for the mac n cheese but maybe it was just me. Overall, great food and service.
The fried chicken here is the BOMB. I got it take out, but it was still warm & crispy at home! The chicken was juicy & tender & perfectly seasoned (ie not over seasoned as most fried chicken tends to be). We also tried a burger dog -- no one else on Yelp mentions this, but it's basically burger meat formed into a hot dog shape & served on a hot dog bun. It was nice & smoky & worth a try, but I'm not so sure I'd order it again, since I liked the chicken a lot better!The mac & cheese is good & the rice-a-roni is pretty much what you'd expect it to be. The only thing that really suffered from the drive home was the waffle, which understandably got soggy. All in all, a definite golden find & I will definitely be back.
chicken and waffle time4.5 stars for some frisco fried deliciousness CHICKEN GOOD, WAFFLE GOOD, CATFISH GOOD, SCRAMP GOOD heart beating faster due to eating this masterpiece definitely worth it buwhahahafor piping hot soul food this is a spot you may want to venture during the day. You can't go wrong with the chicken and waffles and these pieces are no wingettes there are full size drum and thigh pieces served piping hot and super on crunch, spot puts popeyes to shame. several choices to choose from, fish wise they have red snapper or catfish, chicken, scramp, oysters, dungeness crab, OXTAIL (I must go back for this), burgers, cornbread, mashed potatoes, etc.Definitely a place you want to visit if you are in the area if not just take it to go.what I sampled:fish and prawn plate: deep fried and battered catfish 4 slices and scramp about 8 full size pieces, big on crunch the prawns delicious on every bite, add some tartar, ketchup, or hot sauce definitely good eats. the catfish also full in size 4 thick filet cuts lightly breaded definitely will go back to get some more. last on this plate was the fries ehh just fries more of a filler if your still hungry hahathe chicken and waffle plate 4 piece of deep fried goodness and a thick hearty waffle, you can't go wrong here, thick pieces of chicken 4 pieces for me it lacked salt but the chicken was super tender, juicy and had a knock out crunch definitely a must try.I have to come back for the Oxtail plate, in comparison there is only one place that makes the best oxtail in the bay area, need to come back and try there version.food ****1/2 everything was good that I triedservice ***** helpful staffprice $$ambiance ****
I went here to try use my groupon.Quite frankly it was a distance to go to but after eating the fried chicken it was well worth the trip! The chicken was freshly fried, crispy skin and juicy meat, and I had white meat! Sides weren't too bad either, I had the collard greens were tasty, you can taste the smoked pork in it.
At one point when I was narrowing down on which grad school to attend. I was actually considering leaving my parents and the bay (my home) so I can attend school down south just for the fried chicken, mac and cheese and biscuits. (no jokes) But the out of state tuition bill would have killed my father so I stayed in the bay, fried chickenless. So a few months ago when one of my classmates took me here, I was in cloud 9. The food here is sooooo good. I had the two chicken wings, one waffle with mac and cheese on the side. I've eaten so many waffles in my short life and I find most waffles can have a rubber like texture but not this waffle.The waffle was light and fluffy and slightly crispy on the outside, just the way waffles should be made. The real star of this meal was the fried chicken! It was fried to perfection, nice and crispy on the outside, moist and juicy on the inside. It was seasoned perfectly. I'm Vietnamese so I drench everything in ketchup, but the chicken didn't need any at all. The mac and cheese was good but not the best I ever had. I think that would be Luka's mac and cheese in Oakland but that's another yelp review. The only thing I didn't like was the decor, black and orange... San Fransisco Giant colors... gross! Now had it been green, white and gold (GO A'S) I would have given it 5 stars.
My friend Courtney called me today and said I had to get ready in 10 minutes because she was driving over and we were going to go get fried chicken. We drove over, and I loved it here immediately. They have a great orange/Giants/49ers theme going on, and the local pride was epic. I got chicken strips w/ fries. The strips were fresh white meat and the fries were fresh cut. My friends got normal fried chicken, and liked it, noting its good price and crispy texture. I tasted Courtney's waffle and it had a great maple flavor to the batter. I am not a huge meat eater, but this was great. They were having an evening BBQ and there was a cook BBQing outside. Definitely worth running out of the house for! They also have red velvet cake and a big TV.
Delicious fried chicken! One of the best in SF, although there's serious competition in this neighborhood. Had the Mac'n'cheese and the corn for sides, and both were very satisfying. Nice staff and nice interior make this a great stop for some rib-sticking grub.
We live in the area and come here often. The food and prices never disappoints. WAY WAYYYY better than Wing Stop!! Highly recommend :)
Lemon pepper wingettes. hands down. get 'em. don't miss out on a party in your mouth. go now.
Frisco Fried is definitely fried. Fried to within an inch of its life. Look, I know from personal, tragic experience that fried chicken is hard to get right. The line between undercooked, scary pink bloody chicken and overcooked, tough, tasteless gristle is a thin one. As someone who has failed miserably at fried chicken multiple times with multiple techniques, I reserve my highest accolades for those who can get it right--like the fried chicken at FarmerBrown here in the city, or the best I've ever had, the fried chicken at The Pit in Raleigh, NC.But when you stake your reputation on fried chicken, you better be able to turn the stuff out in succulent, juicy, delicious poultry pulchritude without batting an eyelash or mussing up a good Sunday apron, like countless grammas do on a weekly basis across the fried chicken belt.But Frisco Fried didn't pull it off for us.We were hungry for good chicken and waffles, and having tasted and tested those at Home of Chicken and Waffles, we were looking for something better and closer to home.All those happy Yelp reviews led us astray!Looky. Every single last piece of chicken we had here was overcooked. The breading or batter was tough and in most cases didn't completely coat the chicken.  So you'd have vast tracts of exposed white chicken breast being paved over in the hot deep fryer and coming out looking like half-dressed also rans in a fried chicken beauty pageant.We had both legs and breasts and the breasts were HUGE, which is actually a problem with fried chicken. To get those gigantic poultry bombs to be done, you have to leave them in that fryer a good long time, and in my opinion that dooms them to toughness.The legs, on the other hand, were even tougher.  Tendony, dry, the flesh sort of shriveled, and the batter hard and untasty.The waffles were ok-ish. Tasted rather vanilla-ish, and they were shallow, somewhat limp waffles, rather than deep crispy-outside tender-inside sweeties.In the end, this was a big disappointment.I will say the service was fast and friendly but honestly, I don't think I'd want to spend the time and effort to trek here for a gamble on the food.
I heart Frisco Fried. We walked in yesterday afternoon and we got a warm welcome from all of the employees, seated ourselves at a table and started to look at the menu even though there was no point at looking at the menu because we both knew we were there to try the fried chicken and waffles. Only thing I didn't see on the menu that I really wanted was sweet tea. I got kool-aid, 3 pieces fried chicken (legs) with a waffle and the boyfriend got sprite, 3 pieces fried chicken (2 legs and a wing) with a waffle, yams and mac'n'cheese. One of the boyfriends pieces of chicken was small so they threw on an extra piece for him - that was a plus because they really didn't have to do that. The chicken was crispy on the outside but juicy on the inside but not oily - basically perfection, the waffle was really good - I prefer these over the ones you get at Home of Fried Chicken and Waffles in Oakland because they are fluffly, not flat, the mac'n'cheese is some of the best I've had and the yams were really good. I did see a couple other items on the menu that I want to try - the burger dog (It sounds weird but don't hate! You can't knock something until you try it) and the crab with garlic noodles. I'm sure when I go back though I'm going straight for the chicken and waffles.
Had 1 breast, 1 drumstick, and 'Frisco Fries. The breast was much better than the drum. On the whole, I thought the chicken was 3 worthy. Good, but not something I would go way down 3rd for unless my travels took me there for other purposes. However, the fries brought it up one star because they were excellent and portion was large. Fresh cut in the spongy-crunchy cuboid style. Call ahead if you don't want to wait since it took about 15 minutes from order and it was not busy at all. Nice clean place. Area doesn't seem too sketchy, at least with daylight, so don't let that stop you. Plenty of parking around 6pm Thurs. Price was nice for amount at $6.50 with no drink. I wish they had buttermilk biscuits, but most FC joints other than chains don't seem to ever have them. I like their motto: "Fried with Pride"
My first time stopping by tonight with my boyfriend.He had the fried snapper dinner, I had the house special (2 chicken pieces - I got breast meat) and waffle and I ordered a side of mac and cheese. We both LOVED the food. We picked up our order and the food was piping hot. The portions of my 2 pieces of chicken were enormous. Waffle was great and their mac and cheese is not that gross cheese-food mac and cheese, it's the real deal. For desert we picked up a couple red velvet cupcakes at the counter were amazing. From a local bakery down 3rd street.I'd come back again. Great for take out and the place looked clean and comforting. The people who helped us were friendly.
It's funny, some places you can eat at many times and still not write a review. Others you have to get home and write immediately. Frisco Fried is in the former category for me and I intend to rectify the situation.This is some of my favorite fried chicken in San Francisco, right up there with Little Skillet, and the pricing is fair. When you add their seafood fare,t his place is amazing.The first time I went in here the staff were eating lunch. I always think it's a good sign when the staff eat their own cooking, and the soulful family atmosphere of this spot really shines in their approach. This is the first sit-down fried food spot I've have the pleasure to try. I don't mean sit down as in order your food at the counter and then go sit down. On the contrary, I mean this is the kind of place I'd feel comfortable brining my parents to. From the moment you walk in until the moment you leave, there's just a lot of good vibes :D.:::The Food:::I like their strips and fries a lot. Their three or four piece meal is amazing as well, but I really want to talk about the chicken in general. Obviously the food is fried, but the perfect way it's done is what keeps me coming back. The skin is crisp and delicious, but the meat underneath is perfectly, fall-off-the-bone cooked. The spices they use go great with the Crystal hot sauce on every table, and I really feel that this is some of the best fried food around.Their fries are crisp on the outside but soft on the inside, that exact fry crispness that is so sought after but so rarely reached.Look, if what I've written doesn't convince you to try Frisco Fried, give it a shot because the people that work there are honest, hard-working San Franciscans who care about the city and the community. When you factor in the personnel and the food of this venue, it's hard to beat.TL;DR: Awesome fried chicken, great staff, not a whole lot of $$$.
Amazing deal on tasty freshly fried chicken. I highly recommend getting a side of gravy and dipping the fried chicken in it.  This is one of my favorite SF places. Thinking about going to this place gets me giddy.
Oh man, you have to go here.Great fried chicken. Good waffles. Really nice people.The fried chicken had a nice crisp crust. It was SCALDING hot inside and not greasy at all. The waffles and syrup are perfect.. I didn't get to the mac n' cheese. That's for next time. The people were really nice. You get the sense that this is a family place. There were lots of little kids running around that were part of the family. (That's a plus, not a minus. All the kids were really well-behaved. Very good service.) Now back to the Chicken . . . holy cow it was good! Go there.
Although the wait seems like forever if your starving, Frisco Fried is an excellent place to get soul food. As an LA native, I was a little curious about the Bay Areas take on this southern comfort but I must say they are delish! I had the catfish plate with mac and cheese and potato salad. IT WAS HEAVEN! and our server was super nice. I recommend this place, just remember there is a long wait so don't go starving near death.
My first time trying chicken and waffles and I LOVED EM! You get to choose which pieces of chicken you want with your order and they're fried with a delicious blend of seasoning. The waffle is extra large and very fresh with a generous dollop of butter on top. Syrup and hot sauce to add more flavor to each plate are located at the table. The restaurant is very clean and the staff are friendly and attentive. Frisco Fried ROCKS! I can't wait to come back and try more items on their menu.
This place definitely satisfied my craving for fried goodness. I ordered two pieces of fried chicken, frisco fries and a large soda. My companion ordered their special of fried chicken and waffles. We were both very happy campers. Our fried chicken came out steaming hot and fried to golden perfection and these were not tiny pieces of fried chicken. My companion enjoyed his waffle and it too was pretty big. My fries were okay~could've been fried longer but you get great portions for a good price. I liked this place because it was nice, clean, good food and service was good. One might be scared because of the neighborhood but I felt totally safe. Also loved that you get to choose which chicken parts you want to eat.
Love this place! Love. Came here because I bought the Living Social Deal. It was worth it and more. The BF and I are always looking for a good soul food place in SF and I believe this one is it! We came on a Tuesday afternoon and it wasn't crowded at all and finding parking was not hard to find.I ordered the House Special: Chicken and Waffle meal. The chicken was flavorful and juicy. The waffle was like cake. I could eat that for days. Buttery goodness with its sinful counterpart, syrup! The BF ordered the snapper. He is really picky about his snapper but he was happy and surprised at how big the pieces were! He loved it all! We ordered mac and cheese, rice and beans, and yams. All delicious! That wasn't all, we ordered the lemon garlic chicken wings...better than wingstop!!! Everything is made to order and it was worth the wait. The staff is friendly and helpful! I cannot wait to go back and try other things on their menu like the burger dog?! :) LOVE. Go there! Eat.
I came here on Sunday for lunch and got a catfish plate. I got half a plate which is two pieces of fried fish along with two sides of choice and a corn bread. 1/2 plate is enough for most people as a full plate comes with four pieces of fried fish.The Fried CatfishThe Look : Golden Brown Perfectly FriedThe Taste : Perfectly Flavored with the right amount of spicesThe Texture : How do they make the crust that cruncy?!This is the best catfish I've ever had. I would definitely come back again just for catfish.The restaurant are owned by Bayview locals so come support the neighborhood and revive the 3rd St cooridor.
It's a WHOLE lot of food! Everything is very flavorful and fried right.Their fried chicken has great crisp on the outside and packed full of flavor in the meat. Smother pork chops had great gravy and the meat was also full of flavor.I think you can get the 2way combo (16.99) and split between 2 people. That combo comes w/ 2 choices of fried meat and you get 3 pieces of each! I chose the catfish and chicken. You get to choose which cut of chicken you would like & the combo also comes with fries.Would come back again!
To Frisco Fried... Sorry it took so long to get on here and RAVE about the deliciousness of your food. I can't wait to share my experiences with those who want to know.Even though it was a few weeks ago, I remember like it was yesterday. My chicken was hot, juicy and full of flavor. My greens were tender and tasty. (No need for hot sauce) and my fries were crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. And you can tell the mac & cheese has a different type of cheese other than cheddar mixed in. I enjoyed the atmosphere. The staff was attentive and friendly. Oh, and peep this...they serve Kool-Aid with lemon in it!! It cost $2.50 a glass, but I enjoyed it. Anyone out there who is far from home and can't get that good cookin' like they're used to... stop by Frisco Fried. I live in the Santa Clara, CA but I'm eagar to make the trip up there again real soon.Hey FF, did you know that yesterday was NATIONAL FRIED CHICKEN DAY (July 6th)? Keep that in mind for next year. It should be great for marketing/advertising!!!
So I came here on a sunday afternoon and boy did i make the right choice! First of all, Kudos to Juanita for being a great server and even better hostess! I thoroughly enjoyed my time spent here, it was full of laughs ! To start, I ordered the fried chicken and waffles, now, although it took a min to get ready, it was well worth the wait! Hot and crispy! I have to share this joke though so this was too funny.So my friend orders a waffle and 3 strips of bacon, so about 15 mins later, Juanita comes and says, " You gon be mad at me" and were like "why?" she says " We only have one piece of bacon!" hahahahhahah I started dying laughn, she nicely said " But i gave u the last piece" lol, Next i ordered some corn bread because it looked delish, once again, I come up to inquire about the corn bread because it seemed to be taking a little longer than expected, and Juanita, in the nicest way says, " You know what happened? my uncle messed up the first batch so a fresh batch is coming.!" Once again i started laughing because i just thought it was soo funny, but i respected her honesty. All and all I would totally go here again! Service was great and food was even better! One of the highlights of being in the bay area!:)
Frisco Fried was deffinetly hard to spot. I saw this place out of the corner of my eye and I decided to try this place randomly. Food - I ordered the Chicken and Waffles and it was pretty good. the chicken was moist and tender, and the waffles were perfect. If you never tried chicken and waffles before, TRY IT!!! Here's my tip, eat it all at the same time, (Chicken, Waffle, Syrup, Butter.... all in one bite) its a different world...
Best chicken and waffles... That's really all I should need to say! But I will elaborate a little. First off, parking is super easy. Major plus for this city. Once you get inside, it's go time. Just order the fried chicken and waffles... You have to. If you like Mac and cheese... Get that too because that is ooey gooey goodness. Now the wait. Every time I have gone, there has been a bit of a wait until we get our food. But that is because they are frying our chicken!!! The chicken portions are generous and right out of the fryer (and really hot... Be careful). But you can't overlook the waffles and warm syrup! The waffles are spiced with warm spices like cinnamon, which makes a huge difference for the better! Can't go back to normal waffles with my chicken :( Ugh, now I want chicken and waffles... Gtg
Tagline got me in: "Fried with pride".Huge fan of that. Without even having a bite I knew this place was a manifestation of someone with a dream of bringing good southern cooking to the masses. Probably someone who always wanted to run their own place. And probably doing it in a neighborhood that needs it more than anywhere else.Did the dream deliver? Yes it did. Not quite a five star sweep, but very, very good. The lady taking my order was super friendly, and she attentively took down my requests for no butter on the waffle and no mayo on the turkey burger hot dog. Not much I could say for a fried chicken breast. That one comes as is.Loved the waffle, really liked the chicken breast (after taking off the skin, of course), and thought the most hyped item (courtesy of Thrillist), the turkey burger hot dog, was just OK. Lack of flavor didn't detract from how much I appreciated the same friendly lady cutting up fresh tomatoes and lettuce for me to take home to add on later. That was a nice gesture.Food took a while, but they tell you that up front, so there were no surprises as the wait approached 20min. Pricing was very reasonable - I was out the door for around $10, and I got to try a bit of everything.Definitely recommend, if for no other reason than to support the dream.
I'm full and satisfied thanks to Frisco Fried. Was gonna check out Auntie Aprils or Powells but both weren't open and I hadn't seen Frisco Fried before but walked in and the staff is super nice and got my chow down this morning.The waffles are nice and tasty and the chicken was pretty good too - the special was a bargain at $5.99 for two pieces of chicken and a waffle. If you are down in Bayview you should definitely check this place out. It's also super clean inside and has plenty of seating and they have a flat screen showing sports as well.
Whoa! I have had crab all over the world but this place has the best crab by far! The chef ( Gee-Toe) made a great carmalized butter crab that was flavorful throughout - it was so good I wanted to eat the shell! The Chicken and waffles was great as well. The fried chicken had just the right blend of crisp, tenderness & juiciness. I was thoroughly impressed with the flavorful but not overly seasoned chicken. The Belgian waffle that came with the chicken had a slight crisp on the outside with a tender center that melted in your mouth and blended delightfully well with the butter & syrup. It was a perfect complement to the savory chicken. I also had the fried prawns which come de-veined & shelled , so you could just eat them whole without any peeling. The batter was just enough to give the prawns an exquisite light crisp that went perfectly with the natural cut fries they were served with. The side dishes much to my surprise were delicious Too! I had the greens which were cooked enough to be tender yet still had a good texture to them so they weren't mushy. The seasoning was balanced well with a peppery -slight vinegar taste. The yams were like my wife, soft & sweet so I loved them. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone searching for a good soul food place to eat . The servers were very attentive and made us feel like family as soon as we walked in. They even tied our crab bibs on us. The place was super clean and well outfitted with TV's on the wall, Ketchup, syurp and hot sauce on every table! Also - they serve a one of a kind treat - a burger dog! Try it & you'll be hooked. This place is destined to become a San Francisco favorite!
You've gotta try the lemon-pepper wings... They're the best I've ever had from anywhere... Definitely better than Wing-Stop...
This place makes me wish I ate meat.My omnivorous boyfriend and I just had a fabulous lunch here. He had the chicken and waffles, I had a collection of sides: frisco fries, mac and cheese, and buttered corn (I'd have gone for more veggies, but in true soul-food fashion, the greens are far from vegetarian-friendly).Overall, it was a great meal: Not too expensive, with fast, friendly service and a clean comfortable environment. My only complaint: I coulda done without the two televisions, but that's just a personal pet peeve. And the kids behind me certainly seemed to appreciate the tv tuned to Nickelodeon (as did my boyfriend)!
So today for lunch my friend took me to Frisco Fried (FF), a place he has raved about for a while. After finding out that another soul food restaurant in SF was sold and now owned/run by new people, I decided to try out FF. I was shocked how empty the restaurant was on a Saturday afternoon. We were warmly greeted and taken care of by a great young lady. We of course ordered the fried chicken, as well as mac n cheese, greens, and rice. As others have said, it takes 15-20 mins. to get your order because they cook all of the chicken fresh to order. When we received our food I discovered how great the food really is! Juicy, hot, fresh, tasteful chicken with a flavorful and crispy skin. The chicken breasts are very large, and with the sides, cornbread and a drink, it was a lot of food at a reasonable price. I can't wait to return! Thanks Frisco Fried!
You have to eat here!!!! It is the best soul food I've ever had period. The chicken is frrrrreeesssshhhhhhhh fried as you wait. The macaroni and cheese is heaven. Homemade butter cookies for dessert. Sweet potatoes and gravy. There is no end to the fabulousness that is this place and the family who owns it is amazing. Wooohooooo Frisco Fried!!!
My first experience with them is tonight at the SF Business Weekly's Flavor of SF event at City View. Delicious crabs!!! Very flavorful even when it's not cooked on site at the event!! If they taste good at the event, I'm sure at the restaurant they would taste better. My friends and I are planning to visit their restaurant after savoring their crabs tonight.
The fried chicken here is amazing! Great price for huge portions! I order a two piece meal and came with two sides. I could barely finish. The thing that puts the cherry on top is their gravy. It is like no other gravy I've ever tasted before. I would come here once a week if I didn't live across the bridge! The service was also great! Very friendly staff.
Actually, 4.5 stars. Amazing chicken and waffles. And the prices are so reasonable! The staff was friendly and helpful. My favorite part is that they ask you exactly which pieces of chicken you want with your waffles. Amazing.
So this would have been a 4, but I added Kimberly W 1 star to make even things out. So I have been coming here a couple of weeks now, and hands down the best fried chicken compared to Hard Knox and Farmer Browns. and Gussies. Very glad that this business has opened in my neighborhood and as a bonus it's 2 blocks from my house. The staff there actually seem to care, and the service has been outstanding so far.
as far as fried chicken goes, wow delicious. what i was most impressed with though was their carmelized garlic butter crab and the garlic noodles. i end up putting the 2 together and though i felt like i was going to have a heart attack afterwards with all the fried food and butter, it was definitely worth it. i had to do an extra 8 hours of cardio that week to compensate... but as i said, definitely worth it.would i go back? if i could afford the heart attack, i would go everyday.
This new restaurant in Bayview is off to a promising start. The staff, from the owner on down, is super friendly and committed to making sure you have a terrific dining experience. The place is clean and bright and welcoming.I was very hungry, so I ordered a Burger Dog and Frisco Fries combo to tide me over until my chicken came. Mine was a turkey dog, and it came with all the fixins. The fries could have been cooked a smidge longer for me, but the serving was ample and the fries were hot out of the fryer. The chicken dinner came with two sides, so I had mac and cheese and greens, both of which had that home-style feel to them. The chicken, cooked to order, was piping hot, crispy as all get out, and nicely flavored.This place is going on my must visit regularly list!
Granted that it is their grand opening today, they absolutely rocked it! The fried chicken is so moist and their service is superb! You will really enjoy Ed as your waiter (holla! at yo boy!) I expect they will work out their wait time as they progress. Their prices are super reasonable. Since it is their grand opening they took a little longer than we expected, but it was well worth it! :) You MUST try their Mashed Potatoes!!!!! And the owner Marcel will most definitely make you feel at home! And heads up to Giants fans...you will really enjoy their decor. Tip: Their Salad bar is DELICIOUS!!! Fresh ingredients and REAL bacon to put in your salad! (Bacon lovers unite!)
Authentic and delicious cornbread and mac-n-cheese. I really enjoy their fried chicken cold. It's slightly greasy and not quite the southern fried chicken I crave, but it's made with good foul and I devoured every piece. For about 20 bucks I ate for two days and I will visit the place again. Frisco Fried is out of the way for most, but worth the trip. My order also took a long time, but with no regrets.
AMAZING fried chicken. I had the 2 piece chicken dinner with breast meat, collard greens and mashed potatoes.The collard greens were cooked perfectly and had a delicious spicy aftertaste. The mashed potatoes were so creamy! I would definitely recommend this place for a casual night out or for a satisfying lunch.
Mash and gravy is a very huge YES!Mac and cheese is delicious.The owner is so nice, he recognizes us when we come in and always makes sure the chicken is to our liking. I have never eaten at Farmer Brown so I can't compare it but it's definitely better than Front Porch and Hard Knox Cafe. Had the burger dog once, I can't remember how I felt about it.I hardly yelp on any establishment says it all.
I ordered the house special, which consisted of chicken and waffles, and added a side of greens. The chicken was mighty tasty and the waffles were AMAZING. They were probably the best waffles I've ever had. They were a bit spicy and gingery. If they sold their waffle mix, I would probably buy it. The major negative about this place is the wait time. We waited a good hour for the food because there was only one person working there! And this was a Saturday afternoon right when they opened. If they had a better wait staff, I would've given this restaurant another star. The hostess ended up rolling in later and her breath totally smelled of pot. My friend and I were surprised how well she was keeping up if she did smoke some before coming to work. This is unfortunately probably be the first and last restaurant I ever eat at in Bayview because I never venture out in that area but I'm glad it was that restaurant. While food was fresh and delicious, they definitely need to step up on their service.
Husband went to get some Frisco Fried after the 49er Family Fun Day last weekend. He came home with fried chicken, cornbread and mac 'n' cheese. Chicken was cooked well. Not the best fried chicken I ever had, but it was definitely not the worst. Cornbread was a much larger portion than I anticipated. Mac 'n' cheese was not better than Michael Jordan's in NYC, but it was good enough for my kids to ask for seconds.I definitely want to try the chicken 'n' waffles next time. Luckily, it's a 6 - 7 minute drive for me.
I so wanted to love this place ... its much closer to my house then other chicken and waffle places (farmer brown is all the way downtown!) and closes at 230pm... so i went over to 3rd street to have a try ( now given i was reluctant cause .. comeone .. 3rd street isnt exactly sf food heaven) but i went against my gut feeling and ordered the 3 piece with waffle ... it was around 7$ for the order .. so the price was fine ..but when i tasted the food .. i knew i should have gone downtown to little skillet ... the chicken was tasteless .. fine texture .. it was crispy and what not .. but no flavor .. the waffle was just ok .... nice people running the spot .. but the food was def below average !
Better than Atlanta! Ordered the House Special with 1 piece of Breast and 1 Wang. Waffle was like no other. Mac and cheese was awesome. Made to order so be prepared to wait 20-30 mins. Bottom line, try it for yourself.
The fish and chicken is cooked fresh to order, and the sides have been created from love. The service is fantastic and the servings are HUGE!!! You must try it!
Wow, walked in and it was evident there would be a LONG wait for a table, so I decided to order take-out and nosh in the park. When I got to the park, I found that they had gotten my order wrong (wanted 3 thighs, got 2 thighs and a leg). The collard greens were OK and same goes for the red beans, but the portions were small and, therefore, pricey.The chicken was still piping hot, perfectly cooked with great crust, but someone had put way too much salt in the batter. Don't get me wrong, I like my foods salted, but this was pushing inedible.I rarely eat fried foods, but once a year or so, I indulge in this guilty pleasure. I may go back to try some of their other dishes, but, if the salt thing happens again, I won't return.Sparkly clean, very polite employees. Plenty of parking.
Thrilled to find out about this place through Groupon. Chicken & Waffles were fantastic, cornbread close to perfect. Red Beans & Rice had a bit too much molasses for my taste, but I am coming back soon!
I love Frisco Fried......They give you worth your money......They have my business.....
Frisco Fried delivered! Willie greeted us right away with a big smile (even though it was 45 minutes before closing). My husband enjoyed the fried chicken and the waffle was big, fluffly and delicious. Portions were generous. My snapper was fried to perfection, not oily - texture just right and cornmeal and whatever breading was on time. Side dishes were tasty. The restaurant was attractive and well maintained with a dominant orange and black sporty look with great photos of Malcolm, Martin, Rosa and even Michael Jackson. The bathroom was spotless. Food right, good vibe, clean and attractive and service was genuinely warm as well as efficient. I would recommend it to a friend and even to strangers like yourself.
Worth the wait and excited to go back for seconds -- got the house special of two pieces of fried chicken and waffles. The chicken, which is brined with spices, was fried to order, with a light crackly crust with just enough nooks and crannies for a satisfying crunch, and the fluffy sweetish Belgian-style waffle was also lightly spiced with nutmeg, cinnamon, and maybe even allspice as well? In any case, everything was seasoned so delicately that maple syrup and hot sauce seemed extraneous. Also, thought the service was really warm, friendly, and efficient.
The owner is shady I spent $92. For 1 regular bag of food with missing biscuits. The 6 links were cheap, cold, and nasty the mac n cheese was not good he gave us 4 ribs they were dry, beans ok, corn was actually good, chicken was good. But I will never eat here again. They will rip you off.
Came here to check out their chicken and waffles. I've been going to Auntie April's, but heard of this place from a coworker and decided to check it out.Chicken... DEFINITELY go to Auntie Aprils.Waffles... again Auntie Aprils winsbut their SEAFOOD... yummy. They give more than Auntie April's and the pieces are bigger. It just seems heartier. FOR SURE would come back for their catfish and prawn plate... I'm drooling as we speak.
Great food and good service, I would recommend this place. I had their fried chicken and waffles it was great.
Long wait but I really enjoyed my food.......a lot!
I have found my soul food spot in San Francisco. The food was top notch as was the service. My partner and I had the fried chicken, greens, red beans and rice, macaroni and cheese, and muffins. All that was left on our plates was bones.
Hits the spot!! ;-)
Great find for lunch while working in Hunter's Point. Had the fried chicken, greens, garlic noodles, and waffles! OMG - all so good!! Waffles had a wonderful spice to them- but they wouldn't give away the secret. Had to keep eating it to see if I could figure it out. Pumpkin pie spice? Yum!!
I can't say enough about this place. I treat myself to this place when I go to my hairdresser across the street. I always order two wings and one waffle. I love thier waffles and I don't even like waffles. They are never crusty and hard like most places. They are just as soft and fluffy as pancakes. Now I will say sometimes my chicken isn't always seasoned just right but I don't even care because I love it soooooooo much. MMMMMM MMMMM Good!
Very, very good! No long wait on a Sunday afternoon. I had fried chicken dinner and my daughter has fried catfish. Soooo much that we had almost full meals to take home. Tasty greens and Mac n cheese. Will return when in the area. Also got a free drink with the Check-in coupon offer.
my mother came from lowell, ma to take care of me for a week after surgery (nothing beats mom's care) and to my surprise she wanted chicken and waffles while here. we yelped a few places in the city (when did we get so many hip chx and waffle places?) and decided on frisco fried because auntie aprils was closed. man- i'm so glad they were closed- cause frisco fried is where it's at.being on crutches, i appreciated the handicapped button to open the door. and i loooooved the orange walls. the place looks great- like it just opened even though they have been around since january. there was nice big floor plants and each table had fresh roses (!!!!!) and great photos on the wall of notable black figures in history (mlk, obamas, michael jackson). but who cares what it looked like...let's talk about the food!!!there was a little confusion with ordering- the chx and waffles don't come with sides so after straightening it out we all ordered chx and waffles and shared a side of greens and mac and cheese. i had kool aid, which was 2.50 for a smallish cup full of ice and .99 cent refills. so after every sip i filled it up with water and it lasted the whole meal. cause yeah- i'm that cheap.  but kool aid shouldn't cost that much.the chicken was amazing. i am not a fried chicken connoisseur by any means, and to be honest- i don't even like chicken. or eating things off of bones. but this chicken is delicious. the seasoning was strong and savory, the meat was juicy and it was perfectly fried- not too greasy. i had a leg and thigh, and the old man said the breast was great. the waffle was spongy and yummy- maybe could have been a slight crisper on the outside but i really have no complaints about it. the greens were perfectly cooked and with some dashes of crystal- delicious. the mac and cheese was gooey goodness. we each got a corn muffin, which we took home because there was no way we could eat another bite of anything. especially after my kool aid trick- i ended up drinking the whole cup plus pouring in 3 full cups of water. so even though the kool aid was way to expensive, service was a bit absentminded (but everyone was smiling) and they don't offer wet naps (come on- after fried chicken and waffles you NEED a wet nap) this was 5 star food. i can't wait for my arteries to clear so i can go back...
frisco fried is the most consistent and best soul food in san francisco.everything is good. the crew running this place knows what they're doing and are proud of it, making for some of the best and most entertaining service in existence.i have tried nearly everything on this menu and i can't remember anything that wasn't bomb.
Chicken was fried to perfection! Garlic noodles were good and the corn bread was just too small. It took 20 minutes but it was all good because it was fresh and not sitting under the hot lights for who knows how long. Parking was a breeze and we'll be back.
Damn good and a great price! Don't go to JJ's down the street, this place is 10X better.
This place is so good!! I haven't had a place with such good waffles, chicken, colard greens in a combo.. including gritz and kool aid. It feels like I'm back in Louisiana & Texas =)...
I took Mom there after church and the food was delicious. The greens were perfectly seasoned and the chicken was fried perfectly golden brown. The pork chops were seasoned and delicious.
Hangover food! We wanted good soul food and a lot of it. And that's just what we got. Thanks to yelp we found a place. Sorry Farmer Brown, we would've gone to you, but you were closed. Chicken and waffles, mac & cheese, greens, mashed potatoes -- yum yum yum!!! It was a lot of food for 4 of us. We spent about $62 on the bill, but gave $20 tip because the service was awesome! I literally felt like I was eating a home cooked meal at someone's house. The atmosphere was chill. They had the Sunday football game on and SF Giants memorabilia everywhere. We each got a 3 piece w/ a belgian waffle. Cool thing was, they let us choose our pieces. 2 legs & a breast! hell yes! We barely got through everything, and we all have pretty big appetites. The waitress was actually impressed w/ how much we finished. You HAVE to try this place!
I have heard a lot of good things about this place; from friends/family, yelp, and reviews in the paper.  Glad to report that they were spot on. The food was great, super fresh and made to order. So yes you will wait 20 minutes for them to cook your food but that us exactly what I expect.....hot and fresh food. I went with a group of people and they got all of our orders right and served at the same time. The orders on our table ranged from the seaburger, turkey burger, chicken and waffles, fried chicken plate, fried shrimp, and fried catfish (With all kinds of sides)...everyone was happy with their food. The waitress even split the bill for us and allowed each of us to pay seperately.....cash and credit.  The staff was super friendly. The place was busy and the waitress spent time at each table and people seemed to know her well.Couple of things on other people's posts.....1. Parking: yes, just like mostly everywhere in the city the parking on the street. There are tons of meters, and if you are willing to walk across the intersection there is free, no time limit, residential parking....ample of it.2. The hood: yes you are in Bayview, but it is quiet and safe. Nobody hanging out on the corner or harrassing you. I saw lots of families walking by while we waited outside for our group.This is for sure a place I will go back and visit soon!
Well went in for a late lunch early dinner. Staff provided great service. It took me a while to figure out what I wanted to eat they have a large selection on the menu. I went with the basic fried chicken, collard greens and mac and cheese. Food came in a decent amount of time the chicken was seasoned to a tee, mac and cheese was not over cheesy and the greens oh my oh my delicious first time and I will be back. I returned a second time and oh how things have changed spent my whole lunch hour waiting on my food and I wanted to eat there but since my food took so long had to eat it on the go and was not that enjoyable but I must say I will try it again someday but I now know to pre-order.
Frisco fried has crispy flavorful mouth watering chicken. I went there with my 2 kids and hubby for dinner on a Thursday. We had read via yelp that the wait for the food can take awhile and were pleasently surprised that the service was friendly, well paced, and efficient. My kids ordered the chicken and waffle 2 piece special with 1 chicken breast and 1 leg which was only 8 bucks. I was a little worried about ordering the chicken breast because as everyone knows, if you cook chicken breast too long it becomes dry like the Sahara desert! I was pleasently surprised and jealous, jealous because I ordered 1 piece chicken leg and 1 piece thigh, that their chicken breast was juicy, moist, and ubber yummy. The skin stuck to the breast with every bite and every bite was crispy. My thigh and leg were both juicy, crispy, and tasted awesome with a little Crystal hot sauce. The waffles we inhaled were crispy but soft in the inside. My son and daughter were loving the waffle for dinner aspect of it all and can't wait to go back.My only tip is: go for the chicken and waffles...forget their sides. My greens were a little salty, the yams a little too sweet for our taste, and the garlic noodles were ok. So, that being said, Frisco Fried is yummy and I will go back there for the chicken and look forward to trying there seafood which looked delicious as well.
the fried chicken is off the hook and i never say "off the hook," so it MUST be good! their chicken sprinkled with some Crystal hot sauce and a side of their creamy mac n cheese and i'm good for a week on fat and calorie counts! and my tummy is also a happy camper. their waffles are okay but that chicken is the shit!
OMFG Awesome food good service and Kool-aid by the color what more could you ask for
Oh, this place is good. Really, really good. And the staff is super friendly. Super duper friendly! Try the mashed potatoes with gravy. So good you'll want more. Best fried chicken in the world. Maybe the universe. Get in there and eat!
i really don't know what took me so long to write this review! my husband and i love our chicken and waffles and let me not forget - our crab. we go out very often in search of good crab. my mother is of italian-creole decent so i'd like to think i know a thing or 2 about my recipes and how to cook some crab ok. no. this place has absolutely thee best caramelized garlic butter crab you will ever eat. wherever you've eaten thats in your mind as "the best!" Frisco Fried is better! no hype here - it is what it is. idc if i had to wait an hr to sit and an hr to get my food - i'd STILL come to eat. thats never the case but im really trying to get you guys to understand. one day as we were coming back from the Hawaiian festival in Pleasanton i had to stop in Alameda. my husband and i ran down all the places that sold crab in Alameda (since we had just moved from there, we know whats what) nothing sounded good and i said "bet you're not down to drive all the way to SF to eat!" he said "are we talking Frisco Fried bc if so im already headed there!" lol. being that it was a busy weekend for SF due to games and whatnot i called in our order bc they closed in 30mins and i knew we'd hit some traffic. by the time we got there to pick up our food it was ready. the owner said "man i dropped your crab as i was putting it in the container! i got your new one started right now!" we all laughed and we told him we didn't care how long it took - we weren't upset in the slightest bc he absolutely had the best food around! we all talked for a few mins and lemme tell you, something about that guys demeanor, his vibe, his spirit, his passion & heart! made me love this place even more! this was nearly a year ago and i cant recall but i think his name was Marcell. the 2nd time we ever ate here was for my 28th birthday and we ordered almost everything on the menu. the girl serving us was laughing bc it was just me and my husband and we had no room on our huge booth table! she said "man y'all going IN today huh!" im a server and i appreciate good people/good service. i cant say enough good things about this place. their catfish, shrimp, crab, waffles, chicken, etc is PERFECT! if you don't go here after reading this review just slap yourself! i wish this place, the owner, the cooks, the servers etc nothing but the best and i hope they are around for generations to come!
great fried chicken! my wife had the fried oysters, there were delicious as well. waffles...ok...i would definitely go again.
Good fried chicken is worth waiting for. They make it from scratch every time you order. The staff is very nice and friendly. So be prepared to wait for you food, but in my opinion it is better the Auntie Aprils when you are throwing down in the Bayview.
This place has great chicken and waffles..... no they are not the originals but they make em good!
Their fried chicken is absolutely delicious! It takes about 20 minutes to prepare but it's well worth the wait. I haven't eatten much else off the menu but it helps that the owner is quite friendly as well as the staff.
This place has it going on! Tasty, juicy, and well-seasoned fried chicken, finger-licking crab (this is a do not share item ;)), crispy waffles, and excellent sides. You cannot go wrong with their $5 house special (2pc chicken, waffle). The french fries are just OK. The garlic noodles is very tasty and drenched in buttery goodness. If you happen to be in the area, this is one place you gotta stop by.
what we ordered... fried chicken, green beans, mac and cheese, garlic noodles, mashed potatoes w/ gravy, corn bread and frisco fries.i wasn't so much excited to check out this place, maybe for the fact that it was situated in the worst part of san francisco. as you enter, first glance at the workers of this stamblishment you knew right away you're not in lala land of fine restaurants( or anything close to it) in SF, they were crude in clothing and actions but as a liberal thinking san franciscan, i knew it was just a facade nothing more...... MLK's speech comes into my mind everytime i doubt myself.now the food...fried chicken was awesome, it was well seasoned, crunchy on it's own and fully cooked inside out( though you have to wait for almost half an hour for it). green beans looked awful kinda overcooked and dark dark green in color but to my amazement it was tangy good. mac and cheese was good much much better than 'krafts'. garlic noodles was good too but virtually soaked in garlic butter. frisco fries was so like 'in and out's' though make that jumbo in cut size. mashed potatoes w/ gravy was ok, just a bit salty. corn bread was also ok, it resembles a small cup cake.ambiance... ok (floor looks dirty but it aint, you'll dig the decor if you're a frisco team fan)service... very good(kinda informal, unrefined in postures but nonetheless they delivered. our waitress was subtle yet nice and asked us twice if our food was ok. other workers as well asked if everything was ok)cost... $+ (lotsa food for this price)
Tried Friscos today, based on a friend's recommendation and Yelp reviews. I must say, this is some of the best fried chicken I have had in the bay area! Chicken is cooked to order, so you may wait 20 minutes, but the wait it well worth it. I ordered a 16 piece family pack with macaroni and cheese, very good, and greens, screamin. Everybody loved everything. We will be going back for more.
Frisco Fried...WOW!!! That's all I can say! This place is great! Who's ever heard of a "burger dog"???? Well let me be the first to tell you that it is off the hook! Stopped in to grab some quick lunch and couldn't believe it. The fries were great too! Not your typical fast food, salty, oily fries. And the hospitality makes you feel like you're at home! I will definitely go back!!!
Best damn chicken and waffles in town, and the cooks are the nicest people in the world. I tried my friend's catfish, and that was amazing too. Frisco Fried is the real deal.
Off the path and nothing fancy, but the chicken & waffles kicked ass. These guys know what they are doing in the kitchen. Where else can you order a side of pork chop? Great for a stop before Candlestick.
The waffles, the waffles...did I mention the waffles? The service is very slow; but the collard greens, mac & cheese and waffles make up for it. You have to get some of the red kool-aid if your a true sugar head, it is really way to sweet just like you made it when you were a kid. Overall not a bad place, great local memorabilia the fried chicken is a little bland, nothing to write home about but its always done and that's a plus.
Clean restaurant. There is metered parking on 3rd street. Honestly it's easier to find parking on this end than over at Auntie April's (sorry it's the truth). Friendly employees all around. I ordered their House Special: one waffle and your choice of 2 pieces of fried chicken. Also ordered mac n cheese. I prefer my waffles more crispy, not soft like a pancake, which was how mine was. Mine wasn't crispy but it was belgian thick so it was alright I suppose. The mac n cheese had a garlic kick to it. I like the cheese they used, and even though a lot of soul food mac n cheese are real buttery, this one was a bit too buttery popcorn for me. There's enough tables to seat at least 50 people, so you can definitely dine there. We watched the Vikings and Saints game today thanks to their flatscreens. I give them a 4 with a star to grow on because they just recently opened their business. They'll definitely get better if they keep up with their good customer service. I'm kind of hoping eventually they'll add fried chicken with gravy on their menu. For now, their menu definitely offers plenty of meals including sides and desserts. We will definitely be going back to try out more.Btw, they're open daily 11a-7p; closed on Mondays
Made to order, arrives steaming hot. Good price on the fried chicken. Bayview/Hunters-point: don't leave any valuables in the car ;)
I love Frisco Fried...I go there for luch at least once a week....I even got the O.G.'s at my job on the bandwagon!!! They all like Frisco Fried too, they used to always talk mess about my food until I brought some Mac n Cheese, Greens, Conbread Muffins, Baked Chicken, and Potato Salad!!! They been on my line ever since!!! "Hey girl you goin down there today" ?Frisco Fried Go!! You wont catch me at Golden City or Las Palmas...UGGHHHH!!!
The food was great, and they were very friendly. You'll love this place.
I've been here twice, and I've only had the garlic fries, and the house special: $5.99 for two pieces of fried chicken and waffles. They cook to order, so it comes to your table nice and hot, with crispy chicken skin, and tender flavorful juicy meat! Perfect! Waffle is not small and dinky like some other place I know and the chicken pieces are a good size. I've been to a few fried chicken spots in the city and I have to say this one is my favorite! Not only is the fried chicken delicious, but the prices are also reasonable, and the staff is really friendly! Hopefully I'll get the courage to try something other than fried chicken next time.
CHICKEN AND WAFFLES...yumm..one of the best places for your comfort food fix. chicken were good size pieces as were the waffles. I had the mac and cheese and they were the bombdigitty! yams were on point too! Ive eaten here and taken out. QUALITY of food is a plus wether to dine or take out!
Best Fried chicken in the bay, The girls who work the register are very sweet and excellent customer service (they come and refill your drinks at your table)! I really like the way they get the skin so crispy and the quality of the meat is superb. I would like to be buried in a casket composed of frisco fried chiken thigh skin -this is the real ambrosia, forget marshmallows and fruit! The mac and cheese is real good too. Thanks Frisco Fried!
I went there today and really enjoyed the crab. It was salty and drenched in butter and garlic. I can't eat this all the time, but it was well worth the experience. I had the garlic noodles and grape kool aid to wash it all down. My brother's wife had the same thing. My bro had the chicken and waffle. Staff were really friendly and helpful. I'll be back for more.
Don't cheat yourself. You need to experience this friendly comfort food restaurant. This place is out of the text book in execution and flavor. Not to be missed. I eat here twice a month. I even had them cater my wife's baby show at the Westin Hotel in SF. Yes, I brought their cuisine to the party.
Just OK. The air is thick with moisture and the scent of fried food. The employees are very nice and accommodating, but the chicken and waffles were not nearly as good as I've had in the south. A good cheap choice if you re in the area or want to try something different. There is a lot of space, it would be good for families or larger groups.
Food was good, prices are fair. Greens were a bit salty, cornbread was dry, customer service 5 stars.
This place is really good. Their menu is not as diverse as Hard Knox down the street, but I think that the sides are better. I had the yams, and greens, and they were super flavorful. My GF got the chicken and I got the catfish. Both were well seasoned and the portion of catfish I got was huge. I don't know if this is the norm, but I got four pieces the size of a slice of bread! Hellz to the yeah! The fish was really good too. I know good fish, and I swear that this stuff was recently caught at Clear Lake.. The prices are decent, and the service attentive. Plus, they have Kool-Aid. Come on.. Kool-Aid!!! I'm definitely going back to this place. Don't forget to wear your Giants or Niner's gear. This place has got spirit!
We were So Excited to eat at Frisco Fried after reading the write up in the SFGATE this week. We drove clear across town, with our appetites ready to throw down on some serious soul food. We got there and ordered our food I ordered Catfish, Greens and mac and cheese, my partner ordered Chicken, Greens and Mac and Cheese. And then we waited, and waited, and waited, 30 minutes later I looked on yelp and noticed a lot of reviews mentioned a 30 minute wait...Ok I guess...then we waited, and waited 45 minutes Im pissed off. Then one of the cooks walks out with food and starts serving a group of people who came in 15 minutes after we did! At this point its been 50 minutes, and I am DONE. We grab out coats and walk out and did NOT pay for our drinks! I was left with the impression that these people have absolutely business running a restaurant, and they are not up to San Francisco Standards of service. They have lost my business forever and I will not recommend them to anyone.
This is just for the service I haven't got my food yet but first off they had no coffee I mean how do you run out of coffee an hour after the place opens. There was a couple behind us who left because the waiter still hadn't asked them for their order and they were waiting for 25 mins. Another couple next to us were waiting for their food for an hour! No joke because the waiter forgot to put their order in. Never coming back worst service ever. Idk what others rave about other than the good food.
Wow that was the best fried chicken I've had at a chicken and waffles place. We ordered a couple of house specials which consist of a waffle and two pieces of chicken. I felt the drumstick and thigh was a good combination. The bf got a thigh along with a breast (extra dollar) and it looked to me like too much chicken. The chicken was just crispy enough and juicy but piping hot so you have to be careful not to burn your lips. I had to open it up with a fork to cool it down. The waffle was pretty big and I liked it though it was a bit too salty for my liking. The corn bread was on the dry side. I was getting a little impatient after having been there for over 20 mins (as the only customers) and still no food but then the food showed up and it was good. I can tell they must make their chicken fresh so the wait was worth it. I'm curious to try their garlic noodles. Next time to save time we will call in to pick up.
When you're craving fried chicken, this place really hits the spot. I found out about it through the scout mob deal long ago which was 50% off the first $10 spent. Definitely not a Rosco's Chicken and Waffles but a good alternative. Food takes a while to make, roughly about 30 minutes so you have to be very patient. Parking is easy to find on the street although I don't suggest you park too far since neighborhood can be a little sketch at times with people loitering on the sidewalks.
I heard of this place from a friend. Since it's just down the street from my work I told my coworkers about it and without a second thought we decided to order it for lunch. They take orders over the phone which is a plus. It was ready in 20 minutes. I ordered the House special, 2 piece chicken and a waffle. The chicken was real tasty and juicy, not soggy and still cripsy which was great especially since it was a to-go order. Can't really say much about the waffle since I drenched it in the syrup but I have no complaints. Minus one star because they forgot one order of waffles to go with the chicken so I had to split mine with someone. Overall I'll be coming back and highly recommending this place!
Hi. 2nd time visiting frisco fried. Both times excellent. The fried catfish was the best that I've had. Everyone enjoyed the perfect cornmeal light crust on it. Both times, the catfish tasted really distinctly fresh. Got the same thing as last time...the two-way. Comes with 3 pieces of catfish and 3 pieces of chicken- you pick which pieces. The fries are my favorite ones anywhere. By the time I finish them I am full. So, thankfully, the leftovers are amazing. You have to try a piece of the chicken cold. It sounded gross to me, but it was crazy good. We all enjoyed the spice in the Mac and cheese. The greens are great. I'll prob have to get those and the catfish each time as a rule. The greens are a little sweet for my taste, but they are cooked to perfection, thus difficult to resist. I agree with some other yelpers re the service and the wait. Just anticipate long stretch between ordering and receiving your meal. Got smart this time and asked to have our cornbread while we waited for the rest of the meal. The people running frisco are completely endearing, so any lapses in service as they get busy are easily forgiven. We went right at noon when they opened, both times, and that worked well for us. If anyone asks if I want to go there, it will be hard to resist. It's definitely a place to try, if you are at all curious...and if you think you already know where to get great catfish and chicken, cuz this place will surely move to the top of your favorites quickly. The waffle is nice too. Also, when you leave there, you don't smell like fried food grossness. I hope this place does well...and expands too! They are something special.
went because i had a scoutmob coupon for it.i did it as a to-go order so will definitely take that into consideration when i typing. unlike some other places recently, i had great service with all the have a great days, it'll be just a few more minutes because it's made to order. chicken family dinner:8 pieces of fried chicken --not too much fat under the skin-still crunchy when i got back home-batter is well seasoned-wish some of the feathers were taken off betteryam (my large side) --i can taste the butter, cinnamon, and some sugar that was used-not too sweetcornbread --reminds me of jiffy mix (maybe it is jiffy)would like to return to try some of their other itemsnote: online menu prices are not updated
Great Food, fried chicken is to die for(hopefully not), great waffle and macncheese, and they lend an ear to your problems too! Hope to be back soon...
Awesome! Best fried chicken in SF, hands down. Be prepared to wait since they fry it fresh order, but the wait is oh so worth it! Friendly service, spanking clean, baseball, football or basketball on the tv,
friendly owners and staff. excellent soul food and delicious kool aid! i highly recommend!
Husband had a gig in San Francisco so before the gig we went there in the middle of the afternoon. Parking is on the street, but since it was a Saturday, we parked in the parking lot next door since the business was closed. Outside in front of the resteraunt a barbeque was going and it smelled great, but the thing I was there for was the chicken & waffles. Everyone there was friendly. We both ordered the House Special of 2 pieces of chicken & wattle. We also ordered sides of Mac & Cheese, Greens, & Garlic Noodles. I also ordered the cake of the day which was red velvet. It really impressed me that they don't have chicken sitting on a warming tray, it was fried fresh. The waffle was soft and chewy which was the perfect contrast to the extra crispy and savory chicken. The greens were flavorful, mac and cheese was made with extra sharp cheese and you can taste the quality. Being from Gilroy, my favorite side was the garlic noodles, it would have been right at home at the Garlic festival! I ate so much, I had to take my cake with me to the gig, which I proudly ate at the gig which was in a resteraunt. I want to go back and try the barbeque and the Chef's special of Carmelized Garlic Butter Crab! People there were so nice, I just want to go and take a busload of people there!
I just came back from Frisco Fried. I read the Yelp reviews/feedback from previous customers that had already visited the restaurant because I didn't want to travel from East County to San Francisco (1 hour away) and be disappointed. I arrived at Frisco Fried at approximately 6pm (on a Saturday) and there weren't many people there. My my wait was about 30 minutes. However, the wait was truly worth it. I must say that I am glad that I spent the time and gas that it took for me to get to Frisco Fried. The food was excellent and I was very pleased at the portion size of food that they gave me. I ordered their 3way Combo: 3 pc. Chicken, 6 Oysters, 6 Shrimp, a side of Potato Salad, a side of Garlic Noodles and a cornbread muffin. I had so much food, I had to bag half of my order to go. Their women's bathroom was clean, the waitress was pleasant and their prices are reasonable.  I will definitely be back to Frisco Fried. The food there tastes excellent and your visit is truly worth your time and your money. Yummmy:).
I wouldn't know what the chicken tastes like. It's been 50 minutes and I'm still waiting. There is no kind of fried chicken that is worth almost an hour wait. It's fried chicken for god sake. However, the coke is fantastic.
$hit was cool i  only had the strips tho so i can't be the be the best judge  i gotta try the legs tho ... a service is A - One tho
Definitely going back. Nice folks, clean bathrooms and the food was legit. The sides get 10 stars. The chicken gets 3.5 stars but being on the better side of average. Make sure you get the mac n cheese. I got it, ate then, then got one to go b/c it was so good.
IT's the way it should be done! This is my third time here. I order 3pc dinner, which you gets you 3 pieces of chicken, cooked to order, as well as two sides, and cornbread. Every time, I get the greens (which are there best anywhere in the City), as well as Mac&Cheese (which is super cheesy). Chicken is cooked crisp, and seasoned perfectly every time. My favorite fried chicken! Staff is some of the friendliest people around. Monday at noon is my favorite time, as they show all the sports highlights from the weekend. Bayview is sure changing.
Good old fashion fried chicken! They let you choose the pieces you want for your Chicken & Waffles! The Belgium style waffle was well made. The mac & cheese was just okay.
Oxtail dinner with Mac n cheese, collared greens and cornbread...so good. Well worth the wait of an extra few minutes since they don't cook your food until you order it. Also had a bite of my husband's fried chicken and waffles - the waffle was mushier than I'd like, but still good with The chicken. We found parking right in front and watched the niners game while we waited so all in all a very pleasant and delicious experience.
Came here hoping for a yummy chicken and waffles experience was I was disappointed. Yes, they fry the chicken to order, but my chicken wasn't very crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, but lacked flavor overall.. Roscoe's and Hard Knox taste much better than FF.. The people were very nice but took forever to order, receive the food, order drinks, get the drinks, etc.. Only one server was working!
The best chicken in town!!!! we have been there a few times. Owner is nice, waitress is sweet . Just like home!! We have tried Most of the food on the menu and its all beyond good. We drive 40 minutes on the weekends just to come to this Place. Area is safe! this is no longer the hood. Please try there food its amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!! (whatever you do dont go to JJ fish on the corner its a waist of money owned by Arabs!!)
An oasis near Candlestick. Very inexpensive, quite good.
the name says it all...frisco fried...you will receive fried chicken and seafood at a friendly spot in bayview.the atmosphere is enhanced with flat screens showing the daily sporting events.
LOVED IT!!!! Just had the fried chicken for lunch..... WOW! I've had fried chicken from a few different places and this I would say is my favorite. Tasty, not greasy and the serving are just right! Their side are BOMB as well. Definitely must try their greens and Rice A Roni. If in the area... Try it out. You won't be disappointed!
if you love fried chicken u gotta come here. the place is really clean and the service is pretty good. there chicken and waffles are so good. the chicken isnt really greasy and dont put much batter on it altough the pieces are small. eat it with some hot sauce and some syrup and ur good to go. there waffles are really fluffy. its kinda crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. it was so good i bought 20 more pieces to go!
