Really cool atmosphere, but cash only (they have an ATM inside).Kick ass local beers on tap.$8 for an absolutely delicious cali carnita zapato.This place is a must-try, I'll definitely be back.
Complete fat kid status, but it tastes so good. However, those looking to watch the waistline should avoid this spot like the plague as it tends to be fried and greasy, in the best ways possible.Lunch and dinner time, this place is packed. It tends to be loud and it's super casual. You wait in line, order (CASH ONLY) and find seating. The zapatos are like grilled burritos stuffed with steaks, shrimps, fries, guac and so on. So delicious. The hamburgers are infamous and available in chicken and vegetable variety. The tacos are large and in charge with a huge shoutout to the fish. The asian salad is delicious and I opted for the fried carnitas and DAMN! It was bangin'.Sangria slushies and a killer beer list makes Garaje an iconic SF eatery for those looking to indulge.
I ordered the sea bass panini sandwich from this place twice. The fish itself was well seasoned, battered and then fried. It comes with a side salad and dressing. Total price is under $11. The 1st time I had it, the sandwich came warm and it was delish which was why I ordered again the next day. The 2nd time around, the fish was slightly cold and the focaccia bread was not as crunchy and the cheese didn't melted like the 1st time. I'm not sure if it was because they didn't want me to wait, but it wasn't enough time under the panini grill. Overall I like the cleanliness of the place and the food looks fresh. I will come back and try other selections (ahemm...taco tuesday), but it's good to have something like this within walking distance.
Someone please tell me why they're called zapatos.Not a bad place for tacos and zapatos I must say. The place is really popular even with an obscure looking entrance. You'll know the entrance once you see the sign that says applause on top. Once inside, it kind of feels like a dive bar but with lots of seating for dining. Basically the definition of a gastropub? Came in around 6:45pm, and all the seats were taken. Like damn, it's that good huh? Also they have chargers on the side tables, and they work decently well.I ordered a skirt steak zapato and a sangria.What's funny about the sangria is that they drop a sangria-looking popsicle ball in your glass first, and then fill it with sangria from the tap. Like what I didn't even notice until I drank most of my drink. Maybe that's their secret to their amazing sangrias. Not feeling the pulp at the end though. The steak zapato, again I wanna know the origin of the food name, tasted really good, but it didn't exactly blow me away.. It looks like a plain burrito panini style, but I guess it's not and that observation might be insulting to the dish. TIP: It's cash only so bring cash. Yes I know it's SOMA but do it.A nice place for Mexican food.
- Parking is tricky because it's in such a prime area- Cash only (ATM available inside)- Fills up quickly- Android + iPhone chargers available!I coincidentally came here on St. Paddy's day with my friend and we were able to try this special red ale that they only have once a year. We also tried their horchata beer which was super yummy and cinnamon-y. You order first and then sit. I got the red ale, skirt-steak zapato and a basket of fries to share with my friend. The zapato didn't look too intimidating but it was actually hella filling!! In addition to the beers and fries, I was uncomfortable but couldn't stop eating because it was so good hahahaI do wish that it had less beans inside though. Other than that, everything was delicious.The vibe was pretty chill and the deco was eclectic! Kind of reminded me of Butter. They also had two tables with phone chargers, which I thought was a great idea! Such a bay area thing to have :)
Came here for St Patty's day and beat the crowd! I've been wanting to try this place and my boyfriend raves about it. You order in the front + pay and then get a number and seating is first come first serve. We ordered:Ahi Tuna Taco: Pretty good, tuna was cooked perfectly. I feel it needed more flavor.Thai Peanut Shrimp Taco: Interesting and good, I like the asian fusion!Carne Asada Fries: Meat was tender and fries will crispy. Pretty high quality! Recommend adding an egg on top!Overall, good experience, it is pretty filling, definitely needed to hit the gym after ;), but I would come here again, great atmosphere, crowd and food!
5 when you're drunk 4 when you're notSo 4.5!Garaje is soooooo good. Okay, so I may be a little tipsy right now and just finished my meal here (and may still be sitting here) but Garaje is still really good!!I've tried various fish tacos: fried, grilled, ahi, you name it, I've tried it. Avocado ratio on these are ridiculousss. I've also tried the Thai shrimp peanut taco which I thought was really good too. Crab crack was okay (I thought this was supposed to be a sandwich?). I tried the Surfer Leo (beer battered fish) Zapato today, BOMB. Anyway, I appreciate all the pescetarian options here!Seating is a BITCH during dinner time so prepare to swoop like a hawk once a table opens up. Cash only!
Solid casual taco spot in SOMA.It's a gastropub and you order up front at the counter and grab a table. It's usually extremely crowded so anticipate a short wait even on week nights. My personal favorite is the seared ahi tuna with avocado taco. This is fan-flippin-tastic! From the texture of the tuna to the flavor in the avocado sauce, you're in for a real treat. Pair this with a frozen sangria and you won't be disappointed! A close second is the Steak Zapato if you're into a cheesy, carby and meaty goodness that's bursting with flavor. Happy Eating, Yelpers!
4.5 stars. I've had this place bookmarked for months, and it lived up to every expectation I had. It was a bit of a challenge finding this place, especially since it was raining that day. My boyfriend and I walked up to the counter at the end of Garaje and ordered a few things: Pork Fries, Wallace Wings, and Seared Ahi Sando.The five stars of this review is really for the Seared Ahi Sando, because this now on my list of best sandwiches I have ever eaten. YOU MUST ORDER THIS. So massive and flavorful. The Pork Fries were pretty good, though I wish I had gotten the Carne Asada Fries instead. The Wallace Wings were also excellent. WAY too much food for two people, we realized, but it was a good variety.My only critique is that the process for ordering food and getting a seat when you first walk in is not clear, which was confusing. The food itself is amazing (and they have a great beer selection on tap) so definitely bookmark Garaje, but don't wait as long as I did to try this place!
Probably my favorite Mexican Place/Restaurant in San Francisco. Love this place so much. Every person I bring here loves it as well. Lets start with the decor. It feels like an old inside movie drive in dive? If that make sense. So colorful! Love all those license plates along the wall. A good amount of TVs for bay area sports games. Not really a sports bar. Which that a good thing, too many of those in the city. The food is amazing! EVERYTHING is AMAZEBALL!! You need to start with the Carne Asada Fries. So many flavors just in one bite. My favorite TACO is Seared Ahi Tuna with Avocado. That huge piece of tuna is amazing. The slaw, salsa and sauce they use, makes it the best ahi tuna taco you will ever eat. Also I love the Zapatos with steak. It's like a burrito and quesadilla mixed together. GRILLED! The flavors and ingredients they put into their food will blow your mind. One last thing, do not forget to top it off with their Sangria!! Its blended with ice. OMGoodness. So good, so refreshing! Cash ONLY. And make sure you order everything you want because if you forget, you will have to line up again. They have two floors for you to dine. Must try everything!
Wow, I love this eclectic pub for its amazing selection of Mexican grub and service. Try any of their tacos (e.g., mojo/baja fish, fiery prawns with Thai peanut sauce), zapatos (aka burritos), and burgers with a side of chips, salsa, and guacamole. You'll be amazed at how tasty the food is at such a low key place.I'm a fan and will definitely be back for more. The booths are comfortable to sit in for eating and lounging around with the free device charges at every table. What more could you ask for?
I came in at 6:30pm on a Friday night to snag a spot to sit and the place was packed by 7pm. The tables closest to the walls even have cell phone chargers, which I've never seen at a restaurant/bar before.I ordered the surfer leo zapato and the pumpkin madrugada stout. I found it ironic that the beer was more expensive than the food, but I guess it shows how cheap the food/expensive the beer is. Surfer leo was delicious and the zapato was an interesting spin on the typical burrito. The madrugada stout had a hint of sourness and I couldn't really taste the pumpkin.Even with all the people, it was actually quite easy to maintain a conversation without yelling across the table. This was a huge plus. Cash only, so hit up the atm at the entrance if you're out of cash.
Whhhhhhhyyyyyy did I move away from SF. The ragrets are real.....P S A: any future SF house guests of mine, M U S T bring me a fish & chip (Surfer Leo) Zapatos before entering. I am s e r i o u s- Carne Asada Fries: chunky pieces of beef + cheese + guac + fries- Skirt Steak Asada Zapatos: fries + beans + steak + cheese + rice + avocado- Baja Fish Taco: tilapia + cabbage + chipotle mayo- Sangria: weak + fruit pulp ice cube- SURFER LEO ZAPATOS: beer battered tilapia + fries + cheese + avocadoThe Surfer Leo hands-down blew all else out of the water. Hot, cheesy, fried fish, fries, avo-goodness. If I died tomorrow, I would choose this as my last meal.A Zapatos is a panini-burrito. Garaje is cash only. Line up and pay first.
Holy crap....The food here is so damn good I wish I could come every day. EVERYTHING is good. But you should probably try their Como Se Llama tacos, incredible. Also the tuna tacos. also the crab sandwich. Also the fried chicken sandwich, also the carne asada fries...just get everything.Bring cash though because it's cash only.Great beer selection! perfect for getting through the work day.
Seriously worth the hype. Garaje is the stuff taco dreams are made of (What, you don't have taco dreams?). I ordered two Como se Llama taco (one with chicken, one with steak) and I was seriously full for the rest of the day. A crispy taco embedded in a cheesy flour tortilla with refritos, then filled with chicken/steak, pico de gallo, and guacamole - all for $6. Truly delicious.Water is self serve, food is cash only. Funky, fun ambiance. Bus your own damn tables. Altogether delightful.
What I got:Steak zapatosWhat I thought:Garaje is a pretty interesting place. The inside looks like an actual garage and is pretty cool. Dope place to grab a beer and a bite to eat.The steak zapatos was pretty good. It's basically a grill pressed california burrito. It's an interesting concept. I've never actually eaten a grill pressed burrito before so I liked that it was different. I wish it had a little more flavor though. I felt like some parts were a little plain and I had to add a lot of hot sauce to give it some pizzazz.Good selection of beers. One downside is that this place is cash only so make sure you pull some paper out before you eat here.
OH MY GOD THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD. I came here for the first time Saturday night with some friends before a concert. It's definitely easy to miss, I don't know if there was a sign out front that even said Garaje. It's dark and dingy and plastered with quirky posters and signs all over the walls. It's got character for sure. It wasn't too busy and cash only (ATM at the front, $2 charge)! You order up front and they'll give you a number and bring you your food when it's ready. Food comes out pretty quickly.I ordered the Carnitas cali zapatos. It's basically a california burrito that's slightly fried so the tortilla shell is a little crispy, which I loved. There was avocado and french fries in it -- my favorite combination. YUM. It was pretty darn oily also LOL. This ain't for the people trying to stick to their low carb, low fat diets. It was ~$7 I believe and I got a beer for $8. Prices for food are pretty cheap. I also really like how they have a part of the menu labeled "goes well with beer". I straight up have been day dreaming about this zapato deal I had the other night every day since I've had it. I need to go back. And stuff my face. No ragretz.Oh also fun fact, they have chargers for your phones at the tables! Pretty handy.
A very cool hipster bar! The atmosphere there was amazing. I've been there 3 times with my friends and they were all great nights. What makes this place so awesome compared to the other bars is their food. People sometimes come here just for the food!I've had quite a lot of their food. For sandwiches I have had their bbq pulled pork and their pastrami sandwich. Both fantastic. Their pulled pork sandwich came with spicy slaw and it was a genius combination. Their pastrami sandwich's meat was so good it felt like bacon.This place is also known for their fish tacos which I have also had. It has a HUGE piece of delicious battered fish on slaw. The fish to bread ratio was above 1!
CRAZY DAVES DOUBLE BURGER WITH A FRIED EGG ON TOP & A BASKET OF FRIES. You will not regret this. The burgers here really are delicious. The flavors in each bite will leave you going home with food coma because you just can't leave without finishing the entire thing. The fries are piping hot when they come out. Crispy on the outside, and fluffy on the inside. How this place makes my mouth water. The beer selection is beautiful. The staff knows them well so make sure you ask for suggestions. And don't be shy to ask for a taste. This stuff is GOOOOOOD. My all time favorite place for a burger. Great, now I want another one for dinner. Come early! This place gets packed!
Good food, drinks, and prices. Cash only, so keep that in mind before coming! My favorite things so far have been the shrimp & steak taco and grilled steak Zapato. Ingredients are fresh, meat is perfectly cooked & seasoned, and portions are filling. The Zapato makes for a better meal though. If you order a taco you might want to get something else too.Another dish my friend likes to order are the carnita fries. This is so yummy and so worth it! They really load up the meat and guacamole.I've been here quite a few times now and everyone I've brought has really liked it. It does get pretty crowded during night time so seating could get a bit tough. Otherwise, definitely a fun place to grab a bite and drink anytime.
We went looking for lunch and decided that it was going to be Garaje......when we arrived the Uber the driver said "That looks closed!" We decided to push on and try our luck. It was a great decision.The food was great - everything we had was so good. We shared the Crab Cake with Coleslaw, the Tuna and Avocardo Taco and the Thai Prawn Taco. Taste was great and presented really well. Amongst the best Tacos I have ever had. The service is really efficient and the people are helpful.The fit out is full on, fun and different. It is a new world when you step inside this place and there is so much to look at ones eyes get very busy and tired!There are a wide range of local beers on tap.....this place fits for many circumstances whether it be lunch, dinner or a light bite. Whatever it is, we will certainly be back.
I'm so pained not to give them five stars, and it comes down to one simple factor: the bathroom. While the food is out-of-this-world exceptional and I love the atmosphere, stepping into the bathroom is like stepping through a portal and coming out in the abode of some back-alley Tijuana bar. It's dark, stinky and sticky. But enough about the bad...let's focus on the good. This thankfully isn't authentic Mexican. they pile on the ingredients. All the meats are cooked to perfection, the ingredients a perfect cornucopia of flavor. My absolute favorite was the carne asada fries: big, succulent chunks of savory meat and plenty of cheese. I could have made a meal out of just those. Like any SF lunch joint, the lines here can get epic if you're coming at peak hours. Try to stave off hunger until the afternoon and you'll be more quickly satisfied.
CASH ONLYCool retro hip feel with booths and dimmed lighting.Vegetarian zapatos was A-Ok. Too much cheese, if it was grilled a little longer it would have provided the perfect crunch, good amount of guacamole, not too much flavor.French Fries - A-Ok. Nice crunch, if they were salted a little more it would have been good.
I can't believe I didn't write a review for Garaje before this, I've sure been there enough times! - Delicious slushee sangrias- Good food dependably prepared every time- Cash only- Order at the counter and find a tableMy favorite go-tos are the zapatos (think grilled burrito on the smaller side) and the tacos. I love the fried cauliflower one, the thai shrimp one, and the grilled fish one. We once walked in here with a leftover keg from our office and not only did they offer to save the keg for us and give us a beer from it every time we came back for the next few weeks, they also offered a free round of drinks (from their own beer selection) for all of us because our keg was too shook up to drink right away. I mean, how crazy amazing is that service? The only downside is that it can get crowded, and the line to order is typically quite slow for unknown reasons.
This is a must in San Francisco! A variety of excellent food not just for those who love Mexican food but also Hamburger and chips, and even salads.The Tune Tostada was amazing and I had actually felt full after finish it, no need to more than that. My husband got a double hamburger and chips with their special sauce. The chips were the best I tried and the hamburger, according to my husband, was even better than the Hodad's hamburger in San Diego. Barcelona, his favorite soccer team, was playing against Rome but he was sooo into the burger he did not even watch the game ;)We also had a chicken grilles Salad, was more like a wok salad, super tasty with peanuts. They serve a variety of beers, although I did not tried any.The place looks very cool and the food comes out quickly. We had a great experience eating there!
CARNE ASADA ZAPATO (get it with shrimp to make it extra tasty). Just go to Garaje and order that. I have been here a handful of times and gotten basically the same thing each time- a carne asada zapato without pico de gallo. The first time, it was good but I didn't get the hype. However every time since, it has been basically mind blowingly awesome. I think I got the golden gate zapato 2 of those times which is the same thing, but with shrimp as wellThis is basically a grilled burrito that has perfectly cooked carne asada, avocado, fries, cheese. With all of those ingredients, you would expect it to be good, and it does not disappoint. I would say that this is probably the best burrito (it's essentially a burrito) I have had anywhere, and since it is pressed and cut in half, it's also easier to eat.No crap on tap means they have awesome beer as well and the selection rotates. Expect to pay $15-20 for a zapato and a beer, after tax.Downsides: It can get crowded at lunch and later in the evening. I've always been able to get a seat though, mostly by avoiding the super crazy hours (from like 2-7 or so during the week, it isn't too insane, and while it is busy after 9 or 9:30, it isn't too horrible even on the weekend). It is cash only. And lastly, as good as it is, I should probably avoid eating here too often, for my own health.
This place has one of the most awesome Mexican American tacos! We got el Camino, grilled fish, seared ahi, beer battered tacos, Thai prawns tacos and asada fries! None of them disappointed me. I especially love the prawns which were juicy and succulent. But the steak and fish were very fresh and tasty too. Would definitely come back here again.
Three words: Carne Asada FriesThe Jumbo Slice of the West Coast, this late night drunk food is just as spectacular 100% sober. French fries, guacomole, sour cream, salsa, strips of marinated meat all tossed together is my jammy jam. It's also impossible to find in DC so I was super psyched to see that they served it. One order is insanely huge and enough to split between two or three people.The cheeseburgers here are also just as amazing. Think a beautifully seasoned patty, grilled to perfection topped with melted cheese and a soft bun to soak up all the juices. I'm pretty picky about my burgers but this was definitely a treat. The wonderful beer selection, low key atmosphere and enthusiastic staff makes this place a true gem. I'd happily return!
Garaje is the best -- if you're looking for Mexican-like food that's a little on the greasy side, this is the restaurant for you. If it's your first time here, get the zapatos. They're basically flattened burritos with a smooth and creamy filling of cheese / guac / refried beans(?) / who knows what else but it's delicious. The other stuff on the menu is good too, but in my opinion, pales in comparison to the zapatos.Garaje's seating situation is a little difficult. The first floor has a lot of booths so parties of 4 or fewer should be fine. For larger groups, there's a long table upstairs but it's often taken, especially during the lunch rush. The upper level also has bar-style seating that runs along the wall -- but it's not very conducive to talking.
This place is always busy, but that's probably because it's awesome.The food and drinks are really good. I've had the pulled pork sandwich which comes with pulled pork with some awesome sort of like rib sauce, coleslaw and a big fluffy burger-like bun. It's really delicious and filling. I've also had the Manteca fried carnitas, skirt steak asada and mojo chicken tacos which were all really good but still had distinct tastes that kept it interesting.The beer I had was bitter for my tasting but was new to me and not what I'm used to, I still enjoyed it. It's a really chilled, awesome environment and is even better with great people to enjoy your beer and food with.
The Zapatos was so good.
My brother and sister decided to have dinner at this spot. I checked the Yelp reviews and everything was so positive.My sister and I decided to share something so we both ordered: Cali steak Zapotos and a fish one. It was really delicious.The spot is really spacious and quaint. Although I really wish it wasn't cash only. I would definitely come back again
A decent dive bar with tasty sandwiches. Perfect for a night out with the guys/girls/other(?), or just winding down after a hard day at work. I ordered the Maverick Zapato, which is pretty much a mexican take on a panini. We had a large party of 10, which may be the reason why this happened, but I suspect my order was messed up and I got a chicken in my zapato and not the (crab?) meat that was supposed to be in my Zapato. No matter - I was totally sober but that was one good frickin sandwich, regardless of the meat. My man Hova said "if you grew up with holes in your Zapatos" and although he means shoes, don't be afraid of this happening here -- the sandwiches are live and any holes are filled with flavour.I also ordered the Pineapple Fanta (bartender told me it was Yellow Soda but that sounds a little too much like you know what) which was a sugar bomb (think coke, now think Mexicoke, then add pineapple). But you know, as drinks go it was pretty legit.Highlight of the night though has to be the side dish. My Yelp reviews are not normally this lengthy, nor do they feature the side dishes rather than the main. Especially side dishes without meat. But this was ONE AMAZING SALAD. Corn, mixed with beans and some green onions and this amazing, heavenly creamy sauce. Supposedly the sauce is meat based (which adds to the excellence) so vegetarians beware.So take-aways: Zapato++, Fanta+-, and BEANS/CORN/NOT_REALLY_VEGGIE_SIDE_SALAD_THING is a must have!
I went here on St. Paddy's Day with a couple of friends and we got:-Como Se Llama-Bacon Cheese Burger-Fish n ChipsAll very yum! My friends devoured the Fish n Chips in seconds. I'm sure that they ordered a few more...The location is very nice and dope. I've lived in SOMA all my life and its crazy how I haven't been to this place sooner. Theres a TV and an okay amount of seating. Friendly staff and they keep the place pretty tidy.
Came in with some friends while visiting SF. They have a really cool upstairs, and the downstairs is like a basement pub, but on the first floor. They have a great selection of drinks and an awesome menu. Fair pricing and great staff rounds it out. I got the escabeche (pickled veggies) and a Thai prawn taco. I dug into the taco and instantly knew I'd need another. The prawns are super flavorful and the mayo/dressing/whatever is creamy and tangy - perfect. The place is loud, but the environment is cool. You can watch the cooks making everything, which is neat. I liked it a lot.
4.5 stars Garaje, if I had a complaint it is that I mispronounced your name for far too long and was the subject of phonetic ridicule. But you Crab Crack lives up to it's highly addictive, narcotic cousin's likeness and your Rueben is the sandwich of the Gods.The beer selection is pretty stellar as well, with a solid selection of Belgian brews and a REALLY BIG beer option. I love the kitschy decor and automotive aesthetic, which you are likely to have plenty of time to take in as you wait in line to order. The food is good enough for almost any occasion, while not being fancy in the slightest. Sit upstairs for the win, but I caution you to bring the entire circus with you since large party seating isn't tenable. If I could improve anything it would be the seating situation, in that on the lower level you are eating amidst the inevitable line of patrons waiting to order and your eye level is crotch level. I would like to see the "diveyness" of the restrooms enhanced if possible and I cannot support a "cash only" establishment in 2016. Hi Garaje, meet Square...it is about time.I love this place.
this place is a gem, good atmosphere. burgers - delicious. tacos - amazing. chips n guac n spicy salsa - bomb. beers - not a bad brew in sight. cash only though - but you dont need a lot of it. SCORE.
Cash only!I've come here many times, and I really like it! It can get pretty crowded after work, so you may have to hover to get a table. Also, if you have a large group...good luck trying to sit together. There is a larger tablet on the top floor and a communal table downstairs, but it's usually pretty full.Everything I've tried here has been good, but I usually get the Ahi and Avocado Taco. The carne asada fries (HUGE portion) and zapatos are go-tos for me as well.
Ok - I get it. Cool name, cool vibe, = cool spotI just don't get it though....Sangria is good and there's seating and a large table up front for a bigger group. However, I wasn't all too thrilled with the tacos not the flavors.
This place is amazing. I got the Cali steak zapato and it was absolutely delicious. So much good food for only $9!! Can't wait to try their other items. My friend got the maverick zapato which comes with shrimp and crab and that was also very delicious. Totally worth the wait and cash only!
The short: delicious Mexican fusion food, perfect for post-work eatsMy friend surprised me with this spot. When she sent the name, I thought she misspelled it as Garage haha. This place is very informal, perfect for a night of drinks in the city or a post-work hangout spot. It's in this janky section of SoMa (approx. 10 min. walk from Market St.) and if my friend had not shown me the door, I would've walked right past it. Hint: read the Garaje sign painted on the wall on the left. The door is that black door to the right.Walk to the very back to place an order and then take the placard to a table where somebody will bring the food to you. Napkins and utensils are also at the tables. There are booths for two or four, and a large table at the entrance for groups. I didn't know there was an upstairs seating until the very end. Ah, next time!We shared the carne asada fries, which are so addicting and very filling. For myself, I ordered the ahi tuna avocado taco. Ahh, so yum. Tip: CASH ONLY. There is an ATM at the entrance.
A group of us set out for lunch and landed on Garaje, a spot with an eclectic menu and a cool spot that looks actually looks a bit like a restaurant inside a garage. But I mean that in the best way, don't let it scare you off!I had a week in San Francisco, and sometimes it's just the timing of a certain meal, but this was one of the best lunches I had all week. Being with a group of freshly introduced co-workers, I was less focused on the menu than I was catching up with everyone. When it was my time to order, I glanced at the menu and very quickly saw a crab cake with cole slaw and rolled with that. Being from KC, we've got a few good seafood places but you're not going to find a crab cake this good at a lunch spot like Garaje. It was HUGE - pretty much the size of a baseball, and loaded with flavor. Normally, a cole slaw side winds up in the garbage for me, but this one was the perfect compliment. Why you might ask? The thinly sliced jalapenos blended within. Yum.I would definitely go back here next time in SF. In fact, I'm pretty damn hungry after remembering this meal now.
I actually really love Garaje. The owner and employees are super nice and accommodating. The food is delicious, and they always have unique beers on tap. They only take cash, but there is an ATM inside, as well as other banks near the area.If you are going to a Giants game, this is the best place to pre-game with booze and food. It's a quick 5-10 minute walk from the ballpark. I like the seafood zapatos, but I also know the burgers and fries are killer. You pretty much can't go wrong. Check it out!
I love the layout of this place, they have an upstairs above the ordering station, you can see the food being made, the bathrooms are nice, the staff was cool. The menu explained in good detail how the normal beans are not veggie friendly but they say on the menu they do taste good because of it.. I enjoyed the humor and I also enjoyed them telling me so I didn't have to ask and make my entire group awkward by me being a vegan, with a long line behind us! I ordered the Veggie burger and it was great! Super messy and loaded with onions but it was great! Just wish I had a tooth brush on me cause I was roasting with onion taste in my mouth all day! The chips and salsa were awesome as well, and they have tons of hot sauces to try! which I dig! All in all it was a really rad place and I would go back!
Fantastic burger and fries, good beer selection, tvs, up stairs location for group parties, good place to start the night (which we did), my only complaint is that it's cash only.4 stars
Amazing place with great atmosphere. Love coming here with friends or by myaelf. The burger is worth the price (with egg) and vege zapatos are my favorites so far.I really want to take more people to this amazing space :)!
My second visit here and this time I'm not passing up the opportunity to brag that I got to eat here - and you didn't :-p (unless your visiting or native to SFO, in which case carry on). This place looks like it's worked hard to look this way, all the elements of a dive-bar garage that would make you afraid to eat here, but with ALL the tacos and craft beers that make you feel silly for doubting your self. I dint waste time looking over the menu here because it's all about their tacos for me. I went with the carne asada, the seared ahi tuna and the Thai shrimp with peanuts. I've got a healthy appetite and 3 of their jam-packed overflowing masterpieces is all you'll need to reach totally full (trust me). Cash only might be a drawback for some but the make this up to you with little bonuses like phone chargers built into many of their booths. I dig this place and admittedly I'm going to try and sneak in another visit before I leave this city. Eatcrest OUT!
Beat tacos and chips ever had. Also good selection of beers. Fast and nice service. Absolutely recommend it.
Been here both at lunch and late dinner. Be prepared for the crowd at noon! This place is always bustling and lively, but usually better in the evening. The Cadillac taco, ahi tuna, and Cali steak zapato are amazing, plus they've got a wonderful collection on tap.
CASH ONLYGot the "Como se Llama?" taco. It was delicious. Crispy taco wrapped by a cheesy soft flour tortilla with refritos. The taco is filled with chicken or steak, lettuce, pico and guac. oh man.. every bite was heavenly. $6 for a hefty taco. Their other foods looked great too. Came here on a Monday night for dinner and it got pretty packed by 7PM, but the line moved fast. yum yummy yum ;]
My opinion has changed since my first review. They are even better then I originally thought. If I could give them 10 stars I would. Since my original visit I have tried a couple of other items on their menu. First, their tacos are the best tacos I've ever had. Their Cadallic is my go-to which comes with steak, tiger prawns, and guacamole. For $6 it is actually very filling and has a good amount of meat and shrimp. I most recently had their carne asada fries which comes with fries in cheese, salsa, carne asada, and a large scoop of guacamole on top for only $8. It's probably not the healthiest item on their menu, but who cares. I still haven't had the chance to try any of their beers on tap. Every time I go, I always see people ordering the beers and they look delicious. I love porters and stouts and they have a large selection to choose from.
been here 2x so far and it was good both timestried so far:-street style tacos: choose 2.. Got mojo chicken and carnitas-beer battered tilapia taco-thai prawn and peanut taco-rolls royce zapato: steak and prawn.. super filling!-chips and salsa.. love the super crunchy chips-jose wong salad w fried chicken strips-frozen sangria: sangria in slushy form-choc chip pale ale: i dont remember the proper name of the beer.. but it's deliciousmaybe next time ill try a burger, i heard those are pretty tasty too.. or i'll just stick to trying more tacos and zapatoseverything's good here so be sure to stop by
Garaje looks like an eclectic dive bar. They have a small, but respectable beer selection. I came here for the fish tacos, but the El Camino (shrimp and steak) wound up being my favorite. You can't go wrong with anything from the menu though. Three or four tacos will leave you more than sufficiently stuffed.
An establishment with a dive bar feel, Garaje is a place to hang out, eat food, and drink some beer. This is an order and pay first (CASH ONLY), then find a seat kind of joint. The guy who took my order was really nice and patient with the indecisive group that I was with, and had a decent knowledge of the beers on tap that day. I split a burger and crab cake zapatos. The burger was a slight let down. It looks epic, but the flavors in it were lacking depth. All the ingredients just meshed together into a glob of mediocrity. I was pretty disappointed because the burger is actually what caught my eye. The zapatos on the other hand was really really good. The tortilla was grilled to a nice crunch to go with the mess of mushy flavors wrapped inside. The cheese screamed while the avocados melted, and the crab cakes just brought it all together. Each bite burst with flavor, I was sad that I only got half. I like this place. A delicious zapatos and relatively cheap prices being in the city. The vibe is pretty cool too. I now want to come back and eat more zapatos. Like right now.
Great place to go for larger groups. I am loving the decor in the place and the liveliness of it. This place has legit greasy and comfort good when you're looking to treat yourself well.Their known for their panini burritos which I thought was an interesting concept but turned out to be really good but what topped it all off was the carne asada fries. This is not only friends and meet but has tons of guacamole, salsa, and you can add sour cream I think. The portions for the carne asada fries are great for sharing.If you're in the mood for drinking the sangrias at this place are superb and a little like a smoothie (on the thicker side).The mojo burrito is a must try!
I came here with a friend on national taco day and we were on a taco tour. She visits the city quite often and we try to meet up to do some food adventure when it works with scheduling. This was our non-authentic stop. The other places we visited were taco trucks and street taco places. This place was different--but it was amazing. We shared 3 tacos AND the So Fried Chicken Sandwich-- a bit overboard I know (especially since this was not the first stop), but we were having trouble making decisions from the menu. Tacos are huge and worth sharing. We split the Thai Peanut taco the Cadillac and the Como se llama. The Como se llama was the favorite of the taco bunch, but all were delicious!We also split the chicken sandwich which was the winner winner, chicken dinner of the place. We were sad that we split it and wasted time on tacos-- that good. Come here for the chicken sandwich. You will thank me.
One of my go-to places for good food, good beer selection, and good atmosphere. While they focus on staple Mexican food like tacos and zapatos (a must-have), they also have a wide selection of food, from awesome burgers and sandwiches to salads and fries. Prices are fair - you'll spend anywhere from $4 to $14 depending on what items you get. I will say that their portion sizes have gone down - last time I came, I think the zapatos got smaller. The salad size went down a bit too. Their beer selection is awesome. Sampling is encouraged, and you can't go wrong with their ever-changing rotation of beers to try. The place has a good number of tables both downstairs and a few tables upstairs. Be sure to snag one of the two long tables in the middle, as the wall-facing seats upstairs are pretty dark (guess they couldn't add more lighting). Line gets pretty hectic during lunchtime 12-1pm and during happy hour, so time your visit carefully. They're pretty efficient when it comes to waiting for your order. Lastly, CASH ONLY! They do have an ATM there, but do yourself a favor and grab some cash before you come here. You may be tempted to spend a lot ;)
Incredible food at a great price! Ahi tuna tacos in particular were amazing, but I came here with two friends, and all of our dishes were excellent. (Portions were also a lot bigger than anticipated!) Will definitely be back again.
I've been there while I was in SF for a short trip.Only thing I remember is the amazing taste of the shrimp tacos I had at this place.For an affordable price.You order your meal at the counter and you get a number, then the waiter comes to your table and serves you.Definitely recommend it and can't wait to go back !The inside is not that comfy and it's pretty hard to hear something when it's crowded but the food is great and that's seriously the only thing I can think of at the moment !Well done Garaje !
Garaje is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. To date, I have only had the pleasure of trying their Carnitas zapatos and street tacos but that is more than enough to keep me coming back. They are super tasty and (for the city) not terribly expensive. Be warned though, Garaje is cash only! Thankfully they have an ATM on site if you end up forgetting your cash.
Only time I'll ever eat a burrito!!!!Never eat burritos usually because I hate tortillas but my bf suggested this place since he loves it and he told me I have to try the chicken burrito. Wow boy was he right! What's really special about this burrito is the fact they grill the burrito so the tortilla outside is super crispy. It's as if they put a burrito onto a panini press and pressed it down. Not only does it make the burrito crunchy on the outside it also keeps the stuff in the burrito from dripping out. There's also a lot of filling in the burrito: chicken, beans and lots of avocado!The carne asada fries are really good too! I love fries in general and there's a generous portion of avocado and steak!Price is very decent, lots of cool quirky decor. Only problem is finding seating. Other than that if you love Mexican food come check this place out. I'll def be back!
Tacos were delicious and reasonably priced, a rarity in this area. Also, they put guac on everything which is fine by me.CASH ONLY, know before you go.
Delicious bar food and even better drinks. We got some sangria, which ended up being more of a delicious and magical fruit/smoothie concoction. Tip #1: Cash only (but there's an ATM inside). Tip #2: Carne asada fries are a must. They're more of a dish than a side, and come smothered with salsa, guacamole, and meat. Tip #3: It gets really crowded during the evening. It can be hard to find seats, especially if you have a big group. Overall: Drinks, food, loud vibes kind of place!
Gotta get the Cali SteakWill be back to try the rest of the zapatosTop 5 mexican place in the city
I was hooked after my first visit to Garaje, and have been a regular for the past 2 years. The line is often out the door at lunchtime and on Giants game days, so be prepared for a long line to order and to wait for food at those times, or eat at odd hours of the afternoon for a speedier experience. I love the haphazard jumble of decorations on the walls that have many different themes, and it's nice to have a few big screen TVs around to watch sports without that sports bar ambiance. Every bite of every dish is such a flavorful delight; I've singlehandedly demolished 3 street tacos and a como se llama in one meal only to food coma across my desk at work afterwards. All the ingredients are top quality, locally sourced and organic, and still the prices are very reasonable for the portion size. It might not be regarded as an "authentic" Mexican food experience, but more Mexican dishes with an American styled twist.Street tacos (steak and carnitas) 5/5: Love these little $3-4 soft tortilla tacos. 1-2 of these is a great afternoon snack to hold you over until dinner time, and the garnish of cilantro (which I'm usually not a fan of), whopping scoop of meat, and diced onions is a fantastic flavor rush.Como se llama (steak) 5/5: Love the crunchy corn tortilla adhered to a soft flour tortilla with a layer of cheese and refried bean paste. The salsa and meat juice will drip everywhere so have a few napkins handy. The soft crunch with the meat topped with a hearty blob of guac on top is makes the first bite just as delicious as the last. Pulled pork sandwich 4.5/5: This is my favorite non-Mexican item here. The pulled pork is really tender and the sauce just oozes out of the meat and soaks the bread buns. The soft spongy not-too-dry buns really enhances the flavor more than the typical burger bun at other establishments, and this is what makes this sandwich pack that extra punch.Carnitas fries 4/5: The ratio of steak and salsa to fries is great, but I'd much prefer thin fries or shoestring fries to the thick cut fries here. Prawns Zapato 4.5/5: This was my boyfriend's favorite dish as I'm not a huge fan of seafood. He said it tops their fish and chips, como se llama, and street tacos (hard for me to believe). The panini pressed flour tortilla contains all the ingredients really well without causing too big of a mess, and the prawns are cooked to oily perfection.After 2 years of eating here routinely, I've befriended a few of the weekday staff members, and I'm really impressed with their recommendations on beer and food! The groups I've come with have always been impressed by their suggestions.Note: all their prices include tax, and they take cash only, an attribute that's not super common in SF anymore.
A solid four stars. Came here on a Saturday night with some friends who work in the area, the place wasn't too busy but had a decent crowd and a nice laid back vibe. BEER HEAVEN! Yes yes yes for this great beer selection that rotates daily, honestly one of the best selections i've seen in town and good prices too. The seating is great, seat yourself after you ordered (CASH ONLY!) and the booths have phone chargers, yay! I ordered the Amazing Veggie Burger, it was pretty damn amazing. Homemade patty, fluffy large bun, yum yum to soak up some of my day drinking. My side of fries came out cold (boo!) and fumbling with those little ketchup packets just wasn't even worth it to eat them. My friends each got different types of Zapatos, looked tasty and perfectly crunchy on the outside oozing with cheese and guac. WIll defiantly come back and check out the beer selections and other menu items.
Garaje is my favorite spot when I'm hangry and really need my carnitas tacos fix. But aside from tacos, you really can't seem to go wrong with anything here. The carne asada fries are wonderful with generous portions of guac and meat. Clearly, I'm sold on their food.The pain points are:1. Cash only. Ugh.2. So packed and crowded during peak hours. The line will sometimes stretch from the cashier to the door.
Recommendation: CASH ONLY. Great aesthetic and the food is good too. Can be loud so be ready to shout! Tip: If you can't find a place to sit, there are a number of stools and a thin counter around the edges of the upstairs seating area! Food: I ordered a Pastrami sandwich with bacon, red peppers, grilled onions, and cheese; I can't remember what it was called though, and surprisingly the item I got isn't visible in the menu available online. The sandwich came wrapped in a paper wrapper and it was a thoughtful and necessary addition to my meal. The sandwich fell apart as I ate it, so I ended up finishing the meal eating the filling out of the basket. It was good, but I would rather have had the sandwich stay complete through my consumption. The sandwich was also pretty greasy, so that was a slight tick on the quality, but the freshness of the ingredients and the flavor were quite good, as was the portion. Service: The service wasn't bad, and was more than I expected from the looks of the place. The cashiers were helpful and friendly, and when our food was ready a staff member brought us our food! We also left our plates and things on the table when we left, to assumedly be collected by the staff after our departure. Environment: I thought the environment was charming. There were signs and memorabilia all over the place, a wall made of license plates, and tons of illuminated vintage signs. Lots of the construction looked unfinished, with plywood and concrete exposed and the ceiling unfinished. It definitely gave me the sense of a home garage or a machine shop. The backlit sign with menu items was a little confusing, as the counter with registers had paper menus describing the actual menu's items and prices, so I'm not sure if the sign was at all accurate or just meant for aesthetic appeal. Conclusion: Overall I think Garaje is a place to visit, although you might have trouble finding seating at its busiest times. The food was pretty good and the atmosphere is super interesting and authentic, and prices were reasonable too. Not bad!
Awesome grub....solid beer....good convo.Yes...this is a team lunch! I got a chance to connect with 5 of my teammates from all over the world (from Denver to the UK!) and chat over a delicious lunch at Garaje. After hearing from various coworkers this place was legit - I was stoked when I saw it on my lunch schedule. Legit indeed.CRAFT BEER -They have a really solid craft beer selection. I went with a caramel popcorn porter that was super solid - the brewery escapes me though! They had a solid selection on tap though.ZAPATO -This translates to shoe...which might be an odd name for a sandwich, but man was it good. I went with carnitas. The meat was amazing - super delicious seasoning, and done just right. Everything else stuffed into this delicious compact sandwich/burrito was excellent.The guac deserves a shout out. It was great - and the salsa verde was also awesome.The place is decorated pretty neat. There are various random street signs and other memorabilia you'd likely find in a garage (spoiler alert that's the translation of garaje). The table we sat at was a long communal table and was in a kind of nice little nook away from the booths....perfect spot for lunch, or to grab a drink and chat. Overall was impressed - and will be back!
We came in on a Tuesday night around 8pm. There was a bouncer sitting right outside of Garaje. Inside, was an awesome atmosphere, nicely decorated, had a old styled, dark theme, unfortunately there were much seats. We shared one of the long tables and got a pulled pork burger. The pulled pork was delicious.Seems like many people come here after work for a nice conversation!
Tip? Cash only. Tax already included in price. This is my favorite place in the city. I take everyone from out of town to this place. I am fortunate to have it be around the corner from where I live and it be on my walk home from work. I've been here countless number of times. My recommendations:First time? Get the Tacos! El Camino ( surf and turf) and any of the other tacos. Burgers: best in the city! No joke. Crumbles in your mouth. Get the double. Pork/carne asada fries: I've had some good fries coming from San Diego. This place is bomb. Pro series items: crab crack - crab cakes, butter chicken burger, zapatos. Salad: Jose Wong. Please never leave this neighborhood.
Garaje is awesome! They have a lot of seasonal and local beers on tap, as well as my favorite La Fin du Monde. I've also had the Vampire Slayer (clearly the most badass beer ever) here, and the bartenders are good about letting you try different ones and offering good recommendations.In addition to the drinks, the food is also good and they stay true to their Mexican/Burgers dual categories on Yelp. I always go for the street tacos (carnitas are the best) and the grilled fish and guac. The chips and salsa/guac are also delicious, and the food and drink combo makes for an awesome happy hour spot, totally walkable from the Financial District. The ambiance is cool too, and it's lively with a few TV screens. It can occasionally get crowded, but go during the week and you won't have trouble finding a table to gather around, even if you're in a big group.
LOVE LOVE LOVEEEE the tacos here!!! They are delicious, super fresh, and very filling!! I kid you not, two of their tacos is enough to fill you up. They come LOADED with toppings! With all the toppings, its a tad bit hard to eat it as a taco neatly-- I had to resort to a fork, but its great that they really don't skimp out! I tried the thai prawns ($6), ahi tuna ($6), and the mojo chicken ($3). The prawns were my favorite with the chicken coming in close second. I'll definitely have to try the other options another time!Some other points:- great vibe/decor- nice place for group hangouts/to drink- cash only! - you pay up front so you don't have to worry about tipping- lines get pretty long during lunch, but the wait is well worth it
Garaje is my JAM! not only is the food amazing, but the staff makes it THAT MUCH BETTER! Keep on keeping on Garaje and crew!
Garage is an eccletic, divey Mexican restaurant and partial bar (lots of beer and some wine). It's perfect for a casual get together or happy hour. The beer selection was quite good for it being a casual restaurant - I saw about 20 options? There may have been more and they were good beers, both CA local and ones like Delirium. I also had the carne asada fries, which were deliciousssss. Few things go better together than fries and cheese, and these also had the meat, salsa, and a generous portion of guac. The location isn't the most convenient for me, but I'd def come back to grab a beer and try their tacos. Just know that you're getting yourself into a divey kind of night and you'll have a great time!!CASH ONLY!
huge tasty tacos! can't go wrong with that!CADILLAC TACO!- big juicy shrimp and steak taco! i definitely recommend, its all california'd up and has a ton of fixings on top!ahi taco- yummy as well, the the slice of fish is quite large for the price. it didn't have as much flavor as the cadillac so if you're not too hungry definitely pick the cadillac firstcarne asada fries- it is what it is, and the fries aren't soggy, the steak is plentiful. i definitely could've done without this dish because the portions of the taco's were so big!overall i love this place for good tacos, the urban ambiance, funny bathroom signs, and the chill environment. i'll definitely be returning, its a great place to have dinner prior to clubbing
Great tacos and fresh ingredients! I would make this a regular spot. It gets busy in the evenings and there isn't a ton of seating - first come first serve. Order and pay at the front, get a number, then find a seat. It seems that the protocol here is to order first, then find your seat. There are a few who get greedy and sit before they order.Every single taco we had was delicious! We tried the mojo chicken, mantec fried carnitas, skirt steak asada, seared wild ahi and avo, fiery thai prawn, and el camino. I recommend them all! You can't go wrong with any of them.The ambience is loud and kind of like a dive bar but they also do take out.
Spectacular como se llamas and beer selection. Staff is always friendly and happy to give recommendations. Formidable beer selection and surprise soccer games on the TVs. Solo tables (desks you may have taken the Iowa test in back in elementary school) cater for the hungry lone wolf.The line can be a bummer so consider being strategic about when you show up. Cash only w/ an ATM up front.~Disclosure - I'm a former Yelp employee.
Got the El Mermaid taco. Three words: Ho, Lee, Sh*t. Massive chunks of beer-battered cauliflower on top of tons of lime-cilantro slaw. I got it because it was different / quirky and it turned out to be fantastic. I'm not even a vegetarian (though I used to be). Seriously good. The carne asada fries were drowning in cheese and guac and perfect chunks of meat. Oh baby! This place is on point.
The burger here has changed. It used to be flavorful and juicy. The one I had last night was not seasoned the same. It was also much larger than before, but quantity does not equal quality.  I hope this was a procurement problem. But when that happens I'd rather the menu item be removed than replaced with such an inferior product. Come for the great beer selection. Order something other than the burger and hope that the rest of the menu isn't going in the same direction.
TL;DR: InSANELY great beer, eNORMOUS meaty nachos, deLICIOUS burrito-like things and a suPERB value.Get the chocolate milk beer and the steak nachos.Jeeezus cripes.
In my never-ending quest to find something worthwhile to eat in SoMa, I stumbled upon Garaje. With a menu highlighting zapatos & cheeseburgers, it's apparent that this hip little joint does not serve authentic Mexican food, nor does it claim to. Fine by me as long as it hits the spot. Let's eat!***CARNITAS ZAPATO - carnitas, jack, fries, refritos, avo, pico, on a pressed crispy flour tortWith ingredients & flavors reminiscent of the Cali burrito of San Diego, the main difference here is that everything is pleasantly pressed into a neat little package. The carnitas weren't particularly notable, though acceptably delicious. It was the jack & fries that stole the show, adding an incredibly dense & rich layer to everything. The avo & pico provided much needed moisture, tang, & relief, but hid in the crevices for the most part. The flour tort tasted almost like a toasted flour wrap you'd find in Palestine. Yummy but heavy. ***SEARED TUNA & AVO - wild ahi, lime jalapeo vin, chipotle aioli, cabbage, pico, corn tortsThis was absolutely gorgeous, but unfortunately the flavors weren't quite as refined. There was a bit too much meaty cabbage, the avo was overripe & mushy, there wasn't enough sauce (and what was there was aesthetically underwhelming), and most importantly, the ahi was ever so slightly fishy, which really diluted the entire experience. It wasn't gross, but there was so much untapped potential here that I couldn't help but mourn. ALL IN ALL:Would I go back or recommend it to a friend? Affirmative. Garaje seems clean, uses quality ingredients (for the most part), and adds a level of detail that is difficult to find elsewhere. While not perfect by any means, it'll do for now.
Fantastic small selection of beers, and the tacos are delicious. The environment is not stuffy and the prices are very reasonable. I will definitely be back!
I've bookmarked this place for months. Often deciding to come here, but ending up evading it because it is so out of my way.Finally came here with my girlfriend and snagged a comfortable seat to chow down on our tacos. Here are our findings (their menu changes so you may not see these choices):- Beer Battered Tilapia: Freshly-fried fish you can definitely taste. A bit oily, but so good- Mojo Chicken: Delicious all-around. Definitely a safe choice- Crab Cakes: Bursting with real crab flavor, and the jalapeno slaw was killerThe design of this place is industrial chiq and very casual. Servers are awesome. Their slogan is "Not for everyone, but everyone welcome." Well this place is definitely for me. You bet they've earned a return visit.---Distinguishing factor: Top-of-the-line tacos in a urban/industrial setting that impresses with little effort. These people know what they're doing.
My friend was visiting from Japan and said she has been craving Mexican food ever since she left the states 3 years ago. I haven't been to Garaje in probably years, but I never forgot how delicious their food was. I also like the fact that everything is reasonably priced here, so you won't break the bank. But, Garaje has an interesting take on Mexican food as it isn't your standard burrito joint. I was a bit nervous thinking she would hate the place, but she ended up loving the decor and kept commenting on how "American" it looked haha, who would have thought. Not only did she love the decor, but she also loved the food. Carne asada fries and a cali steak zapato, she enjoyed it all. I think the mixture of Mexican with American influences is exactly what she was looking for. I too loved the food and kept asking myself why it took me so long to come back here. A little information about the food, the zapato is like a burrito but pressed/grilled making it a panini-like burrito, and the carne asada fries are basically fries with carne asada, guac, and an egg! Both of these items are muy delicioso, and I highly recommend them. I will definitely be back here sometime soon! It's a new go-to for Mexican!
If I could eat here every single day, I would... but I can't because they're cash only and I don't have my sh*t together enough to have dinero on me that often. I mean, I hate paying my taxes too but I suck it up and bend over for Uncle Sam every year and do what I gotta do. Then again, I can't make tacos the way these cats do, so perhaps they've earned the right to call the cash-only shots. It's def a little maddening to me that they only accept cash because they clearly have iPads to input all the orders and it wouldn't be a huge deal to add a Square card reader thing to it to make it easier for schlubs like me who hate going to the bank but whatevs... the food here is worth the extra trip to find a god damn Chase bank in the land of Bank of Americas. But just for the record, if they started accepting cards they wouldn't get any guff from this cabron.The ahi tuna taco was my pick for lunchies and it only took a single fully loaded taco (and a beer, duh) to fill me up. When I'm at home I'm like a six taco at a time girl, so it was nice to come here and see what it's like to eat a substantial taco that actually tastes good (somehow my home tacos are tasting worse and worse). Actually, the tacos here are better than good. They're my favorite in San Francisco and it's because of Garaje that I've made a more conscious effort to carry cash when I come to the office.I love the interior, though I personally wouldn't consider it a dive beyond that they don't accept credit cards. To me it seems pretty highly stylized and I'll be real, I'm a sucker for places that have a ton of crazy crap on the walls. I'm from the Midwest and having a ton of nonsense on the walls is basically the restaurant equivalent of baptizing a baby. It's not getting into good graces unless there's 79348348 nonsensical things to look at in every direction. Service is great- they were patient with my ordering (and totally trying to pay with a card) and then also tacking on a beer at the last minute. They bring out your food right quick and they clean up after you, too, so don't forget to tip graciously like a decent human being.**And to Josh, if you're reading this- LETS GET LUNCH AND/OR HH HERE STAT!!!*** And to Ian who covered me because I'm a broke azz DNB who did not realize that Garaje was cash only: Thank you, Daddy Warbucks!!!
Oh wow. I don't write many reviews, but when I get this sick I feel obligated. I had the Cali Steak Zapato and it put me down for about 3 days.
CASH ONLY, Great Vegetarian options, Solid restaurantTacos are filling- i usually get 2 for a meal.They have lot of beer options as well...gets really crowded sometimes :)
Gara-hey! Half the mystery of coming here was figuring out how to pronounce their name! Last week, I met up Rodney H for a quick meal.*White witch ($6) - I just picked this based on the name. It was light and easy to drink.*Mexican coke ($3) - Rodney's drink.*2 buck crispy tacos: Mojo chicken & Manteca fried carnitasI originally was not going to get these. But when I saw it was still happy hour (ends at 7pm), I couldn't resist! I love crispy tacos!*El Camino: skirt steak, 3 plancha prawns, melted jack, salsa, corn torts ($6)My favorite taco! The shrimp was tender and the steak had great flavor. *Baja fish: beer battered sustainable tilapia, cabbage, chipotle mayo, flour tort ($5)I was super full by the time I got to this taco. But I managed to eat it all! The fish was nicely fried. The cabbage added freshness and the chipotle mayo a nice creaminess.*Maverick zapato: crispy crab cake, fries, avo, jack, chipotle mayo ($13)I took one bite of this. So good! Who knew crispy crab cakes would make for good burrito filling?!*Plancha grilled mojo fish + guac: sustainable tilapia, cabbage, cilantro lime mayo, corn torts ($5)This was Rodney's. He seemed to enjoy it.I wish Garaje was closer to work. I could use a good taco from time to time. I guess I'll just have to settle for dropping by after work.Side note: I came on a Wednesday around 6pm and it was super busy. I had to stake out a table downstairs so we'd have some place to sit. They finally opened up the upstairs about 30 mins later. So get there early if you want a table!
Looks like a divey bar from the outside but once you enter, it's a nice escape for a lunch break. Solid fish tacos (grilled fish and guac is my current fav) and filling zapatos are found here for sure. Decent amount of seating found if you come before or after the lunch rush, there's the Mezzanine too. Always a good choice!Quick tip: CASH ONLY
Oh god I'm gonna be honest: I love the vibe of Garaje & its food. It''s located near HRD, South Park in SoMa. I think this is where all the tech hypster people from sf hang out, wearing their Instacart or Github hoodies or a Timbuk2 backpack.I always get zapato... oh gosh... it's a burrito panini filled out with tilapia and some amazing sauce. Words can't describe how much I am craving it right now.So why 3 stars?1. Service was really bad. I had ordered food and waited 20 minutes for a person to clean my table. I can't blame the 2 waiters in the whole restaurant, but seriously it wasn't even rush hours. 2. Food took more than expected (+15min)3. The ambiance wasn't very comfy and it was ridiculously loud.Although I would totally go back, I have to give them 3 stars for their service. Please hire more peeps!
I don't really like dive bars but I really like Garaje for its food. And I don't even drink beer. So there you go!Came here a few times for lunch, every time it's great! I've gotten their tacos, and really liked their baja fish taco and veggie taco. Fish is fresh and there is enough sliced slaw to make it super tasty but not greasy. It's a bit loud, which I don't like, but somewhat manageable to have an ok conversation. I wouldn't bring a business meeting here, for sure. I probably wouldn't have any important conversation here anyway. It's a dive bar, after all. They are cash only, so beware.
The food: 3/5 Your typical divy neighborhood spot. The place is very laid back, which I liked, but I was also a little too dirty for my taste. The food was cheap and not bad, but nothing mind-blowing. I had an ahi tuna and a grilled fish taco. I'm not sure if tuna was sushi grade, but grilled fish was pretty good even though my fillet was on the smaller side. Both came with lots of slaw, which I liked. My companion had fish&chips which he said were a bit too greasy. Wish they had more drink options besides beers and their house sangria, which is incredibly sweet. The service: 3/5. The only service we got was at the counter. The girl wasn't too friendly, but it's a divy bar, so that's ok. They do need more people for clean up as dirty dishes were everywhere. Overall: 3/5. A laid back local spot, but definitely not a part of the foodie guide to San Francisco.
I went to Garaje for a team lunch on a recent Thursday afternoon. Normally, I'm not the dive bar type.  I was initially a bit put-off by the eclectic, loud, and poorly lit interior. But I warmed up to the place after ordering and finding a seat, which can be a challenge during the lunch rush.Garaje has considerable character and a vast selection of food and beers.  I got the Crab Crack, a battered-fried crab cake, and friends -- which were totally unnecessary -- and vowed to hit the gym in a few hours as penance.  I'm still recalling that meal fondly and can't wait to go back to try everything else.
I don't know that I've ever had a better burger than the one I had at Garaje, which I know is a bold statement, but I am willing to go there. It's just that good. Garaje is just one of those places you have to hit up when you're in SF. If you live there, then you should be there at least once a week. I'm serious. With a beer list as awesome as theirs, and food as good as theirs, and service as nice as theirs, I just don't know how you can resist. It's awesome. In addition to the melty, meaty, juicy burger they serve diner-style all wrapped in paper, their tacos are phenomenal. I've had the ahi tuna (kind of their signature dish), which lives up to the hype, the Cali Baja style, which is ENORMOUS and fabulous, the carne asada and carnitas, and I can confidently say you can't go wrong with any of these choices. Add a beer and a side of guac, and you're golden. The place isn't super huge so you may have to wait at both lunch and dinner for a table, and they only take cash, so come prepared. Then get the burger with a side of taco and wash it all down with a beer.
Great, funky lunch spot in SoMa. Named for its garage look/feel, it definitely has a cool atmosphere. My office is around the corner and i've only been for lunch so I can't speak to the beer selection/scene but the food has always been great. It is also very affordable; menu price is what you pay (no surprises!). The one caveat is that it is cash only. You can't go wrong with one of their Zapatos or Tacos.
If its not broke dont fix it.Garaje repairs all my ills with a Cadillac and Surfer Leo.. combined with no crap on tap to let the fish sensations swim in.Smothered in Valentina. Its simple and exquisite. Repeat defender of a neighborhood gemGet there before 5 or after 8 weekdays for a seat.
I love their fish tacos, and their Zapatos are pretty filling but could be bigger. They're basically a riceless burrito with fries and cheese. One thing I really appreciate is that they include the tax in their food prices, so even though they're cash only, I won't get a whole bunch of coins for change. I usually go during lunch because I work just two blocks away, and the line isn't that bad. There were a few times I had to wait around 10 minutes, but that's just once.
This place is amazing! I've been here twice and had great experiences both times. The line gets pretty long and has been almost out the door both times I was here but it moves semi quickly and is 100% worth the wait. Great vibes, great local spot, great food, great drinks, great service. I would HIGHLY recommend the Zapatos. It's basically a panini style burrito (grilled and flattened a little bit) and is one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten. No joke. I got the skirt steak Zapatos and actually managed to eat slowly to savor every bite -which is usually next to impossible for me. Trust me, you gotta try this place
There are few foods I love more in life than a fried chicken sandwich. And, if I had to pick one that I would eat over and over and over again, it would be from Garaje. Crispy, juicy, amazing.I got two tacos, which was MORE than enough food. I ended up taking the second tortilla and making them into four tacos. They're not super cheap, but definitely have a ton of meat and toppings to make it worth the cost. Guacamole was excellent, but needed a bit of salt (this is a permanent problem I have with the dish as a whole). They have a good beer list, but it could have used a little more variety in my opinion. Both beers we had though were tasty and ones that I hadn't seen before. Garaje is a fairly small place that is an excellent location for a pre-game drink and dinner. Get there early, though, as the place fills up about an hour before the first pitch. It's got a vibe that mimics its name, with posters, neon signs, and license plates decorating the walls. No need to put on your fanciest duds in order to come grab a brew and snack here.
The food here is top notch for the price. Love the carne asade fries and the zapotos! The ahi tuna taco is one of my favorites. After going here several times getting my usual thing, I finally tried something different: their pastrami sandwich. I wasn't expecting much, but it was amazing. I plan to get it again. And again.They have a great rotation of beers and they also carry a couple unlisted beers from one of my favourite breweries in Quebec, Unibroue - La Fin du Monde (Tripel) and the Maudite (Belgian Strong). A few of their tables have phone charges which is cool.Only annoying thing is the people who haven't ordered and try to snatch up tables for their friends who haven't even arrived. A place as popular as this should probably have a sign saying to order before sitting.
- SANGRIA!! The sangria here is so0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0oooooo good. The beers here are good but the SANGRIA.- Cash only (but you can use the ATM machine inside if you're down to pay a fee to withdraw)- Sangria- I like to eat the Surfer Leo Zapato. You can think of a zapato as a panini burrito or the child of a burrito and quesadilla. Good flavors yum.- Sangria- The TVs are usually playing sports, but this place doesn't play sound.- Sangria- Lines can get really long during lunch and dinner, and the line doesn't move very fast.- Sangria
Margaritas, ahi tuna taco, and carnitas fries ... wow! After a horribly wrong day, a friend of mine recommended to stop by this place for a quick bite and a drink. However, I guess everyone else knows so a quick bite turned into a 20 minute wait and fitting 5 into a table for 3, but all worth it! The margarita has an ice cube covered in jam I believe, making it possibly the best margarita i've ever had. The ahi taco came with a sizeable piece of fresh ahi, and the carnitas fries had very tender beef. Recommend this place highly, but it is cash only!
Great place to hang out after work: the prices are decent, and the ambience is fun. It's a bit loud, but very lively. The staff is friendly, and the food is good. They have a good selection of drinks.
Awesome hole-in-the-wall type place in SOMA. This place totally reminds me of Austin, TX. Super unassuming, eclectic, dive-bar vibe - love it! Not to mention the food is incredible! I tried the carnitas and the ahi & avo tacos. The carnitas were pretty good - a little too drowned in sauce for my taste. The ahi & avo, however, was amaaaaazing. I would definitely be back for this. Fresh ingredients, explosive flavors, perfect portions. They have a good selection of beer as well, which is always a plus. You have to fight a bit for a seat since the place is popular and space is limited!Docked one star for the location - nightmare after Giants games - and for cash only payment.
Great divey place with amazing burgers/tacos with a great selection of beer!
Needing a nearby option for cheap food and drinks one night we decided to walk over to Garaje, which had been on our list for a while. The interior is ecclectic and interesting with all sorts of random stuff on the walls. The seating is in diner style booths. The feel is sort of a mix between a TGIF and a Mel's. Much like their interior, their menu is all over the place as well with a mix between american and mexican fare. We ordered both the carne asada and pork fries which were both pretty decent. I also ordered the Rolls Royce zapato, but I was rather disappointed with it as it didn't really come together and just tasted like a bland mixture of the various ingredients. Their drink list was much better than I expecting. They had a decent variety including wine, sangria and a number of beers including a hibiscus flavor which was actually pretty good.Overall, I don't think I'd come here for a meal in the future, but I would come back for drinks and appetizers at some point. This place was "A-OK."
Garaje seriously has the best beer & bar food game in the area. This makes it your top choice to grab Friday lunch with your colleagues. ON ONE CONDITION: you must (must!) come before noon to be able to comfortably order or have a chance at getting a table. After 12pm the line is out of the door 30-40 people deep with surprisingly muscular tech bros (some nice shoulders on these guys, oddly enough) and all the tables are full. They have an extensive beer selection which boasts only local microbrews, from what it looked like. Prices are very reasonable and you can even get a liter if you want to throw the rest of your workday in the toilet. The menu is huuuge when you factor in the not-so-secret menu they have posted on a chalkboard. You can even order items such as "Crab Crack." I mean, I don't know what that is, but doesn't it sound good? The zapatos are like a pressed burrito with guacamole, refried beans, and even potato in them. They're super filling and tasty.Lunch at Garaje is very satisfying. On one condition, remember?! Come before noon or not at all.
Way over rated. Not bad food at all but not amazing. It's way too crowded, too loud, too dingy. The cash only thing is a joke. Ultimately it's a decent work lunch spot.
If there were more establishments like Garaje in San Francisco, this place would be perfect. Stumbled in here (thanks, Yelp) in here with some friends on a Tuesday evening and was pleasantly surprised. This is a greasy food/dive bar place (you had me at greasy) with garage-inspired decor and two floors of seating. Note its cash only (a small price to pay for a decidedly un-hipster environment). A number of beers on tap that were new to me, along with wines & ciders. The menu is SoCal inspired (carne asada fries, tacos, some other items that looked delicious and artery-clogging that I intend to try upon returning). I had an order of carne asada fries and the crab sandwich. The fries are amazing and reason enough to go. The crab sandwich was also good. I'll come back on a Friday/Saturday to see have the vibe changes. Regardless I'm a fan and I'll be back. Garaje, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Hole in the wall vibe. Legit greasy food and no crap on tap!I loved the Carne Asada Fries ($8) and the Sangria ($8).No frills, you order at the back and get a number. Open seating.CASH ONLY.
Oh Lord, I can't believe this was once Bill's Kitchen & Teriyaki, the deadest place you could ever enter with the most mediocre Japanese food this side of Tokyo Express. I still recall their Pork Chop Ramen which was a bowl of packaged-tasting noodles with a pair of burnt pork chops on a separate plate. Seriously. But now, it's wall-to-wall hipsters with a slick urban crunch bordertown vibe as Garaje tries to make up its mind what it is. It's definitely dinerish with a Mexican roadside twist that makes it the perfect Latino complement to the Asian-twanged HRD Coffee Shop a few doors down. It was Jamie W. who suggested who come here, so I wanted to take advantage of his rare venture into trying something new.We didn't have a clue what to order, so we went with the enthusiastic recommendation of the order taker, the $4 Tostadita, which turned out to be a veggie delight, a mini-tostada with a thick bed of refried black beans piled high with shredded vegetables (photo: bit.ly/1p4S5RH). It turned out to be so delicious we wished we ordered another one, but instead we went for the $8 Zapatos, which were a cross between a burrito and a quesadilla, not a bad hybrid to be, especially since they're pressed in a panini machine. They're the house specialties, and they ooze with melted jack, avocado, salsa and refritos. Mine was the Cali Steak, which had the advantage of marinated skirt steak asada and fries (photo: bit.ly/1xYo2Nb). Yep, fries just like Giordano Brothers' sandwiches.It was a good, calorific touch. Jamie ordered the simpler Mojo Chicken which was frankly just as good without the fries (photo: bit.ly/1ArbGzs). I may have to try the $8 Crazy Dave's Double Cheeseburger which looked like a Bob's Big Boy creation complete with Thousand Island dressing. Sounds like a cow fart. We didn't have any of the various beers they have on tap because we're not big beer drinkers. But everybody else in the place was, and it was getting louder by the minute. I'd say the median age of the clientele is around 24, so bear that mind since you may find yourself sitting in a classroom desk amid all the retro-road trip paraphernalia. Oh and don't bother taking out your credit card. It's cash only in here.FOOD - 4 stars...pretty tasty Mexican drive-in fare with the tostadita the standoutAMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...loudish with hipsters...you've been forewarnedSERVICE - 3 stars...ok I guessTOTAL - 4 stars...like a Tijuana-style diner in a garage
Went here during my first visit to SF and was not disappointed. Tacos are so good. I recommend the the shrimp one!Also the sangria is so pleasant. It is blended with ice for almost a smoothie like texture.
This place is awesome! I've been here at least 20 times and the great food, atmosphere, and changing beer menu are what keep me coming back.For vegetarians there are some pretty great tasting options. My favorite is the Mermaid Taco which has fried cauliflower in it (SO GOOD). I also really like the vegetarian Tostadita, and the Pete's No Meat with black beans is pretty good too.This place sometimes gets really busy during Friday lunch and dinner, so be prepared to wait in a line. The food is worth the wait! When it's busy it sometimes get's hard to find a place to sit. It may seem annoying, but I always end up finding a spot.The tables along the edges of the restaurant have phone charging cables!Also, this place is cash only. There's an ATM inside but come prepared so you don't have to pay those ATM fees!
This place is so good that I ate here three times while I was in San Francisco for only 5 or 6 days. Two of those three times were on the same day: once for lunch and once for dinner.My first experience was on a Thursday a little after noon. The line was 20-30 people deep and the place was packed and bustling. I ordered a Cali Steak Zapato with a pint of beer. The zapato was decently sized, but I needed a little extra kick from their house sauce and the zapato was already cooled off by the time it came to me at the communal table in the front.My second experience was nearly 7-8 hours after my first. This time I ordered a seared ahi and guacamole taco, carne asada fries, and a carnitas taco. All three of my choices totally blew the zapato out of the water. The fish and guac taco had a FAT piece of ahi and a heap of guacamole. The carnitas taco had every garnish, veggie, and flavor necessary. The carne asada fries was served piping hot with its own piling of guacamole as well. I was in heaven.My second experience was so amazing, I decided to bring a female friend here on a Monday night on what might have been a date. I ordered the same things as a few nights ago and got the same result. DELICIOSO. As expected, she loved the food and the beer as well.Here are the things you need to know:1) Cash only2) If you're all by yourself and the place is packed, go ahead and eat at the communal table in the front. Seats about 10-12 people. The people are friendly and may have some great happy hour ideas for you.3) The cashiers know their beers and will give you a sample of what's on tap to help you decide4) If you're a stickler for getting your food as hot as possible, you might not want to come during lunchtime. The only way they can find you is by the number they provide to you that only sticks up maybe 8 inches. And the place is quite large.If you want delicious, affordable food and delicious, affordable craft beer on tap COME HERE. You will not regret it.
Came here for lunch the other day. Man is this place hopping. I had to basically shout so that my coworkers could hear what I was saying, but that's a testament to how awesome and popular this spot is.I personally got the cali steak zapato, which I did not regret a bit. You can't go wrong with fries, guacamole, and steak in a guacamole-sandwich-thing. The steak was a bit tough, but it was a great...zapato overall.The cashier was really friendly and helpful in choosing a meal, which goes a long way. I'll definitely be a repeat customer. Also, as other reviewers have noted, this is a cash-only establishment, so make sure your wallet is prepared!
I love this place. Great selection of beer, kind of small but has booths that can fit 6. There are some tables upstairs as well. My favorite is the seared ahi taco and the El Camino taco which is steak and shrimp taco. Delicious! I heard their burgers are good too. The zapatos are also great, reminds me of the california burritos in San Diego.Only complaint is cash only
Steak Taco was awesome! Nice chunks of carne and diggin' the radish garnish. Beer Battered (fried fish) Taco was a bigger portion than the Steak Taco, yet nothing about the taste will make me want another. Groovy atmosphere and they have beer.
Garaje is a go-to for lunch. I've been here more times than I can remember and I have never left disappointed. Great service and staff, amazing food, and good beers. The ultimate trifecta.
Needed a place for lunch and my coworker recommended this spot for a bite to eat. Took my zappatos to go. I had carnitas in mine and it was as people say a quesadilla/burrito hybrid. The outside tortilla is cooked to a nice crisp, and the goodness of a burrito all contained within it. Very unique decor, dimly lit so i thought i was in the wrong place only to realize that this place is a restaurant. This place is great and i'd recommend y'all trying it out and checking out the other items on the menu that I haven't gotten to yet.
Best burgers. Best beer. If you are looking for either, this oughta be the first place you try.
I came here because I had a school interview and drove to SF by myself looking for dinner. A friend had recommended me this place so I decided to try it since I was by myself and didn't really know where else to go. I looked on yelp and decided to go with the Cali Zapato. It is literally a carne asada fries wrapped in a tortilla (to become a burrito) and then i guess it's pressed on a grill to become a little flattish. it was $9, so I expected it to be somewhat large....i guess i was thinking "Chipotle is huge and its $7, so...." but no. It's actually very small. Very small. Maybe order a side if you decide to go with the zapato because i was a little surprised with what i got. But it was still REALLY good. Also this place is CASH ONLY. I was super lucky to have been carrying around a bit of change (I never have cash on me). Sit upstairs!
Very 90s. Cash only!
Still can't get enough of this place! New menu items as of 5/18/15! Check the photos for the scoop. The B's Way Sando (think BBQ fried chicken sandwich) is no longer a secret. Wallace "Wings" (chicken strips, fries, jalapeo slaw and chipotle mayo) Caliandro Zapato (veg black beans, jack cheese, avocado & poco) Surfer Vero Zapato (grilled prawns, fries, avocado, jack cheese & chipotle mayo)... What more can you ask for?!?
Thank god Garaje extended their business hours to 10pm. Now those of us who don't work in Soma finally have a chance to try their bomb-ass food!!!!!!!!!The Mexi-Cal menu might be hard to navigate (it's hard to choose between options like "zapatos" and burgers), so here's my list of must-orders:- CARNE ASADA FRIES = Obviously. This one's topped with a generous heap of guacamole, and the meat is so tender + well-seasoned. Craving this already.- CALI SKIRT STEAK ZAPATOS = Literally was so confused because from what I could remember from my AP Spanish class, "zapatos" meant shoes. However, it also apparently means fried burritos. So this is a fried burrito (closer to a quesadilla than a burrito IMO) with refritos, avocado, salsa, jack cheese, fries, pico de gallo and cali skirt steak. By far my favorite.- BEER BATTERED TILAPIA TACO = Perfectly crispy fish with tender flaky meat and the perfect ratio of pickled radishes and cabbage.But honestly you can't go wrong with anything on their menu. I've heard the burger is fantastic (and I'm convinced that's true based on the Yelp photos) and my friend was singing praises about the prawn taco as well. I'll be back again and again -- and from now on I'm going to take all my visitors from out-of-town here as well.Stay amazing, Garajeeeeeeeee!
I was in SF Union Square area for just a day and was on a quest to try out Garaje. It's a nice, chill hangout spot for drinks and great food. You order & pay at the counter and then grab a seat. The place was pretty packed on a Monday evening at 8pm (possibly because of Monday night football because they had tvs) but there's ample seating as well as some seats on the 2nd floor. There were also many people who dropped in just for takeout. I really enjoyed the Cali Steak Zapato which is somewhat of a cross between a Cali burrito and a quesadilla. The Seared Ahi + Avocado taco and the Fiery Thai Prawn + Salty peanuts taco were both tasty. Looking forward to my next visit to try out other items on the menu.
Pork Fries and tacos are great! This place has a bit of a wait, and even on weekdays its hard to find a table.Its also Cash-only, so you've been warned.
Try this out with my co-workers, food taste are good, I tried their thai prawn tacos, place is crowded, they only accept cash, will come back to try more
This place would be so great on Taco Tuesday. My friend and I got here around 730 on a Thursday night and it was pretty crowded, we saw people lining up for food so I grabbed the nearest table and gave him my order. I love the ambiance, it's very casual but lively and fun (again, perfect for Taco Tuesday). We felt pretty lucky since it looked like every other table was full. The food is REALLY GOOD. I'm not the biggest fan of tacos, but I ordered the grilled fish with avo taco. It was stuffed with perfectly grilled fish, and the guac complemented it perfectly. I also loved the chipotle mayo-like sauce that they put on top, and the slaw made it just slightly lighter. For $4.60 (I think that's how much it was), I definitely thought it was a steal since I was stuffed. My friend also ordered the chicken and steak tacos, carne asada fries as well as a serving of chips and salsa. The chips were, well, chips. I couldn't eat the fries since I'm pescatarian but they looked really good, and there was a huge pile of guac on top that was perfect for dipping my chips in.The food is really high quality for a casual Mexican place, and the drinks aren't too expensive either. I want to try the sangria the next time I come here!I would definitely recommend this place, I'll be coming back when I work in the city this summer!
Some of the more interesting and tasty street tacos I've encountered in a while. Garaje does some basic fast food very well, in a uniquely San Francisco fashion.Garaje's dinner menu is limited to street tacos (order these!), many types of zapattos (which is, as near as I can tell, a cross between a quesadilla, a panini and a hot pocket), fish and chips and cheeseburgers. If you need a greasy item with your beer, they have it here. They have a vast amount of craft beer. They serve a powerful looking ruby-red slushie sangria in a tall glass, popular with the happy hour set. Double order any drinks before you leave the counter, because there is no table service and you won't want to wait in that incredibly (when we were there) long line again. I recommend their much, much better than average street tacos, especially the mojo chicken ($3) and the skirt steak ($4) which are roll-your-eyes-back delicious and include moist giant pieces of meat, cilantro, lime, onion and matchstick radish. Less successful was the Cadillac taco with shrimp, steak and guacamole. The shrimp tasted fishy. Fish and chips are generous and moist, and came with house slaw, however, if eaten plain this dish isn't flavorful, so use their spicy dipping sauce.We came in for dinner for our nine year old, and we saw a few other kids eating here. Although Garaje is not adult-only, it's got a bar feel and, as we discovered, plenty of profanity in their signage on the walls. Would have escaped my attention probably, but of coarse, my kiddo noticed. (Prettty exciting to see the f word, I suppose. Oh, and the b word. Gesh, kids don't miss a thing do they? They never do.) So, not an A for family friendly, which was confirmed by a bouncer/security arriving as we left at 8 pm, so be forewarned.Bottom line: darn delicious street tacos and beer, plus prolific use of the F bomb.
This place was absolutely fantastic! This is my favorite place to grab a quick bite of Mexican food. I recommend the surfer leo. The portions are perfect for lunch and whenever you can grab a good bite in SF for under $10 I consider that a small victory.
This place does not disappoint. Great food, beer and atmosphere. Should definitely be on list of must try SF eateries. And did I mention the beer?
Loved the tacos here. We ordered the chicken mojo tacos, Baja fish tacos, Thai prawn tacos and crab cake. The crab cake was delicious. The coleslaw served with it was equally good. Thai prawns had a nice smoky taste to it. Although they weren't spicy as mentioned in the menu. Chicken mojo tacos were great too. Baja fish tacos were the least of my favorite since the salad served with it lacked dressing.. Overall a must visit place for tacos :)
This review is special just because I'm writing this yelp review @ YELP HQ!But really, this place is special. Delicious eats for an incredible price :) One of the best mexican seafood places I've ever had the pleasure of enjoying. That Ahi Tuna taco is just an absolute killer and their crab crack is appropriately named because I'm addicted.You wouldn't even really recognize this place on the streets as a restaurant but their red building is hard to miss once you know what you're looking for. It's got a super casual vibe and everyone there is super friendly :) It's great for groups since they plenty of tables/booths for seating. They have a nice upstairs balcony for larger parties too. (BONUS: they have chargers for both iphone/android phones provided on their tables)You order at the counter which is at the very back of the restaurant. You're better off reading off the paper menu as opposed to the signs hanging up. Any of their tacos are delicious but I recommend the thai prawns and any of their fish type tacos. I gotta say that seafood is their specialty! So much flavor and deliciousness packed into a taco. Their Zapatos remind me of a crunchwrap supreme from Taco Bell but WAYYYYY WAYYY WAYYY better. They put french fries in it which already makes it the best. My favorite by far was their Crab Crack. It's pretty much a crab cake with coleslaw. But something about the coleslaw and the crab cake was magical. The crab cake was crisp and sweet while the coleslaw was creamy and refreshing. It was a winning combination, and I highly recommend it to anyone who's a fan of crab cakes!Their beers were also phenomenal! Like their sign says: No Crap on Tap! I'm not a fan of IPAs but the green tea IPA on tap was soo good. The only downside about this place is CA$H ONLY. Don't sweat if you don't have cash because they do have an ATM machine inside ($2 fee). COME HERE IF YOU CAN, worth it :)
Super helpful folks.Sandos looked awes on paper,So why dry pulled pork?
More like 3.5 stars, but I'll round up for the chill ambiance and unique menu items. I stopped by on a Friday afternoon, and it definitely is easy to miss. I awkwardly walked by the front door at least two times!Don't let the interior fool you-- they serve up some pretty unique and tasty food here. I went with the Cali Steak Zapato (I had an intense craving after seeing the pictures). Service was friendly by the cashier.The place is cash only, which is somewhat annoying. My order took around ten minutes to come out with a basically empty dining room.The Zapato was tasty! However, it needed more time on the grill-- the cheese wasn't fully melted, the steak was tough, and the fries were somewhat cold. I was pretty disappointed as I had been looking forward to a hot, delicious, and grilled burrito experience. However, the dish is certainly unique and definitely hit the spot. I'll have to swing by again to try a properly grilled Zapato.
You want good cheap food. Head to garaje !Doors open at 11:30am. Serves beer and wine , carnitas tacos , fish and beef. Fish and chips and burgers. Fast service fast tasty food. Grab a table load up on the carnitas fries!! People there are super nice
CASH ONLY!!After spending a few hours with some friends at The Ramp, we decided to Yelp a place nearby to placate our grumbling tummies. We decided to head to Garaje based on their awesome reviews, and also because greasy-ish food sounded really good at the moment. There was a line when we got there around 8pm on a Saturday, but it moved decently quickly (you place your order and pay, then they bring it to your table). It took us about 10 minutes to place our order, then another 10 or so for the food to arrive. You order your drink at the same cash register as the food, and the line would move a lot faster if they split that off, I think. In any case, we ended up trying:-Single Cheeseburger (1/3 lb. Angus Patty, Double American Cheese, Griddled Onions, Pickles, Lettuce, Tomato, 1000 Island, Acme Bun, $7, yelp.com/biz_photos/gara): Yum- definitely a solid burger! The patty was cooked well and I liked the 1000 Island on here- would definitely order this again.-Como Se Llama (Crisp Corn Taco Shelled Wrapped w/a Cheesy Flour Tortilla Spread w/Refritos, Filled w/Steak, Lettuce, Pico, Guacamole, $5) & Cali Zapato (Skirt Steak Asada, Jack, Fries, Avocado, Pico de Gallo, Refritos, Crispy Flour Tortilla, $8)[yelp.com/biz_photos/gara: Eh, I thought both were just ok. Out of the two, I liked the Como Se Llama more, but it was just a lot to eat with both the corn and flour tortillas. I didn't like the Zapato much for some reason, since there were too many ingredients in there for my liking- I wasn't a fan of the fries or refritos. I don't think I would order either again.-Carne Asada Fries (Skirt Steak Asada, Jack, Creamy Guacamole, Salsa, $8, yelp.com/biz_photos/gara): Pretty good, and they give you a ton of guac! However, you definitely should try to eat this as soon as you get it- we saved it to eat towards the end, and the fries started getting soggy since they had been sitting under all the meat, salsa, and guac.-Carnitas Fries (Skirt Steak Asada, Jack, Creamy Guacamole, Salsa, $8, yelp.com/biz_photos/gara): We got this after we ate everything else (coz we were in fatty mode, don't judge!), and eating this right away made a huge difference- the fries were still nice and crispy, which was awesome. The carnitas were also really good and I actually liked them more than the carne asada- highly recommended!-Batter Fried Chipotle Crab Sando (Maryland Blue Claw + Lump Meat, Lettuce, Pickles, Tomatoes, Chipotle Mayo, Acme Bun, $13, yelp.com/biz_photos/gara): Pretty good!! I personally liked the batter around the crab meat, but this sandwich might anger people who prefer crab meat on its own. Although on the pricier side, I would order this again.Garaje has a rotating selection of beers on tap, and you can ask to sample something as well. My friend and I tried the Strawberry Wheat, which tasted more like wheat versus sweet from the strawberry, and it was good but definitely a heavy beer. We also tried the White Apple Ale which I didn't like at all. One of the only negatives about eating here is trying to sit with a larger group- they have a good amount of tables in the downstairs area for parties of 4 or less, but there's really maybe two places that you can sit with a group larger than 4- one table downstairs and this long skinny counter with booth style seating upstairs. We sat at the skinny counter upstairs and it was difficult to fit all the dishes and drinks and hot sauces on there (although we did order a good amount). The other negative is that they only have 2 bathrooms, and one apparently has a fault lock. Overall, we had some good food here, so will definitely be back in the future to try additional items since there were so many other things I wanted to order from the menu. Parking can be difficult, but the side street next to the restaurant had a ton of 1 hr parking available with no meters.
FOOD:Get the AHI TACO, its pretty good! I personally didn't care for anything else. I don't eat pork so I can't speak for everything. I'm from socal so the carne asada fries were so tiny compared to the ones you can get at any Mexican place in socal. You pay about the same price and get 1/3 of usual size. SERVICE:You order at the front, get your food and alcohol so there isn't much to say about it.TIPS: Go early to get a table for your party. Otherwise, you will be standing around with your food with nowhere to eat.WOULD I RECOMMEND IT? mehhhh it was okay.
It wasn't easy making my mind up about this joint....about as far from "authentic" Mexican as you can get, but it's so well executed and tasty that it's very difficult to find fault in what they do. For example, I am pretty sure the meat used in their asada fries is sirloin....moist, beefy and melt in your mouth soft... It's like a delicious plate of chimichurri steak fries, substitute guac for chimichurri. Mahi Mahi tacos were quite delicious as well. Seared and served perfectly medium rare. Truly great draft selection and stellar sangrias.Must try.Cash only. Atm inside but who wants to pay money to get your own money. Fyi.
Great food, great atmosphere. With friends or on a date I'd definitely suggest this place. Cash only
Tasty food and unique atmosphere
THANK YOU, Garaje, from the bottom of my guilt-ridden heart, for having such understanding and compassionate workers. My group of about 10 friends arrived at this fun, divey restaurant after an unfortunately rowdy night of drinking at a company party. The gentleman who took our order -- I think his name was Frank -- refused to sell us any alcohol because... well, we were a bit unruly. In all honesty, as the only (mostly) sober one, I probably should have sent everyone home instead of tainting another establishment with our presence. Sorry, Frank!! Fortunately, we were able to order plenty of food. The carne asada fries were delicious, the fries perfectly well done. While we were eating, he ended up giving me a free strawberry beer for taking care of my friends. So tasty! I finally understand why Garaje is so famous for its beers. After we finished eating, one of my friends couldn't get up from the table, so Frank helped us get him out the door and on to the street. He even gave us a rather nice reusable bag to carry our food, and stayed with us (as our friend threw up on the side of the road) until our Uber came to pick us up. For SoMa, this place is surprisingly casual and inexpensive. Thanks again, Frank. I'll be back soon for some more food and beer, and without a drunk posse in tow -- I promise!
The food is good and it's in a bar. I was a bit confused when I got here. It's unfortunately cash only which is a bit annoying. I had the fried chicken sandwhich, it's a cute theme and wouldn't mind coming here to hang out with friends. I do not recommend for a work meeting.
Pros:  Tasty, great menu, friendly service.Cons: The mojo fish taco tilapia was undercooked and raw in the center, which is a food safety no-no.  (Tuna is OK undercooked, but NOT tilapia.)  I lost my appetite, and I hope I don't get food poisoning......please just check it before serving.
Not much to look at from the outside...nor the inside for that matter, but the food is on point (at least the ahi and prawn tacos I've tried), not to mention their sangria. Can't wait to come back. CASH ONLY.
We came early as this place gets packed before noon and CASH ONLY! Great pomegranate cranberry cider, amazing pork fries with fried egg on top, and yummy ahi tuna and avocado taco! Chips and salsa were good enough for us to pack and take home. MmmThe only thing I didn't like was the Thai Shrimp taco, it was just too sweet and I'm not a fan of peanuts.
Amazing food. Wow, highly recommend!!
Dang! This place gets packed at lunchtime, but it's well worth the wait. Garaje is an interesting mix of Mexican and American styles of food with a few Asian influences sprinkled in; serving everything from burritos, pulled pork sammies, and even Thai shrimp tacos. Most of the items here are under are $10 and can be paired with one of the many beers they have on tap. The motto in this place is "No Crap on Tap", and I gotta say I love that. My tummy was rumbling and I swear it kept saying, Zapato... Zapato... Zapato. Seriously the beast was begging for a burrito with steak, guacamole, and layers of cheesy goodness. This is a great choice is especially if you're trying to stay relatively clean while you eat. All the goodies I mentioned earlier come wrapped in a tortilla and then it's pressed (which I've need seen before), flattened, and made to be crispy. Adding that oh so nice texture to each bite. It's like a little pocket of crispy and gooey heaven. The food does take a little time to get to your table, but that's understandable because this place jumping! If you can, avoid coming in around the lunching hour or maybe hold off eating until a little later in the day, do this and you'll be golden. BTW - This is a cash only place so hit the ATM before you arrive and some save time.
Why get french fries on the side when you can have them INside your burrito? (Or zapato as the case is at Garaje). Come to think of it, french fries aren't all that Mexican at all but regardless, the combination works and is so freakin' delicious. I'm dreaming about it all the way down here in Miami. On a Tuesday, this place was jam packed at lunchtime and for good reason. With food that's quick and easy to eat, it seemed like tables rollover easily. I must note... I definitely observed this place is popular among males. Perhaps because of the wide beer selection and filling bar grub that's stereotypically more up their alley? As a chick, I can say I would be here quite often if I could. For eats, I tried the Surfer Leo zapato which is more or a less a pressed burrito. Mine was stuffed with fried fish, beans and some other fixins' (including the aforementioned french fries). It took awhile for my table to get our food and when it did come out, mine was unfortunately missing causing them to make a rushed, poorly put together zapato but... Well, let's just say my big, messy zapato became a little zapato rather quickly. With some hot sauce on the side, I loved it.All in all, it's a really no-frills kind of joint that I am dying to go back to soon. From the burgers to fish tacos and don't even mention a slushy sangria, there is WAY too much I want to try for a place that is so far away...
One of my friends sang the praises of Garaje, so we made plans to meet up one day for lunch during the work week. There was a pretty long line at the counter, but we were able to snag a table pretty easily after ordering.The Cali Steak Zapato looked the most interesting to me - a pressed/grilled burrito filled with skirt steak asada, cheese, avocado, salsa, and fries. Unfortunately, the zapato was bland. Fortunately, it was really small, so I didn't get filled up on blandness! The highlight for me was the Pepsi in glass bottles, so at least there's that.
Very cool rockabilly taco spot. Cash only.
One of the best places to have lunch in SOMA. The food is Mexican and American fusiony but works since no one flavor overpowers another in many of their offerings. My favorites include their burger (sloppy and greasy but quite big, and fantastic with jalapenos) and any of the zapatos (looked like a pressed panini-style burrito). Also, I'm not a fish-taco guy but the fried battered tilapia taco is pretty good.However, the street style tacos are so-so because I prefer them simpler. Most people like them though. Note they don't have al pastor which is a huge bummer mann.Very relaxed atmosphere and good for groups since there are small and up to large communal tables. There is an upstairs seating which is a bit quieter. And, almost any seat will give you a decent view of the TVs showing futbol, ole!There is also a big list of "secret menu" items that's posted out in the open. Looks like they have a pretty good HH too, and I don't get to try the beers since visits have been during lunch. Ironically, I've only gone in the evening once and must remedy that!Milestone: the 7,000th Useful vote's review.
Working in SOMA for a few months and I have to say that the food options here few and far in between. You have an occasional food truck thats moderately priced ($10-15) for an ok lunch or take your chances on a $15 meal that either leaves you feeling hungry at 3 or completely disappointed. Garaja is the complete opposite of what I said above. Its cheap, dependable, and will leave you in near food comatose if you overdo it. I've made it a Friday ritual to gather up some coworkers and have some tacos and beer. I don't think you can go wrong with what you order but I would recommend the seared ahi taco and a common se llamma. It is a lot of food and for $11 its a steal in this part of town. Their off menu items (crab burger and cheeseburger) are bomb and everyone should try a zappato. Get there early because lines form out the door by 11:30, its cash only but thats ok, beer selection changes and is superb. This place is a bar as well but I have never actually been outside of lunch.
To say this place is anything less than magical would be an understatement. The food, atmosphere and location are on point! Note: this place is order at the counter style. Great for large groups!
Tacos, zapatos, burgers, and more! I'm a pretty big fan of Garaje, and apparently so is everyone else in SOMA! This place is packed during lunch and after 5pm when people show up for the happy hour. Although their tacos are great, my favorite item of food is actually their burger! Even a single is plenty for one person, and get an egg on it to make it even better. If you're looking to treat yourself, get the carne asada fries (so much carne asada) and a glass of the sangria smoothie! Other delicious items are: Jose Wong salad, ahi tuna sandwich, crispy crab crack, and the Cali steak zapato.There's a lot of seating here, but, again, it does get pretty packed! If you're trying to get your food to go, prepare to dance around a lot with people coming in and out of the place, the servers delivering food and cleaning, etc. There's not a whole lot of standing room and sometimes the food takes a while to come out!
Be on the lookout, because if you aren't you'll miss it. It's so good. Like really really good. I got the salad with carnitas. It's basically like an Asian slaw with whatever meat you want. . We also got the carne asada fries. OMG food coma to the max. Catnitas is better than the steak, but the steak is really good too. Cash only.
I stopped by myself for a burger and a cold beer on a Thursday night. There are great beers available on tap and I think it is the best reason you would come, specially with a group of friends.Ordered at the bar, got my beer, received burger at the table. I was not impressed by the burger but it is probably better than they are at similar places.A good option in that area.
2 words: Surfer Leo.Amazing! a burrito + quesadillo = this creation.Yummy yummy!Close to the ballpark if you are heading out for a Giants game.Good beers and fun vibe.Note: No sign on the door so it might be a tad hard to find, but when you do, you wont forget!
You want a low key but awesome meal, um...then this is the spot!Before bringing your low key date, make sure to carry some DINERO EFECTIVO AKA CASH! Yep, it's a cash only place, so keep that in mind before entering otherwise you can just ask her to spot you - if there is no second date then you just scored yourself a free meal my friend...ahem...moving on. We shall begin with the Drive In Cheeseburger, FAN-FRICKIN-TASTIC! The meat is juicy, the burger is a decent size and the cost is pretty damn good! The only thing I 86 is the 1000 Island Dressing...I'm heavy enough without these added calories. The hand cut potato chips are crunchy and I love me some sea salt. I always order their sangria. I love me some sweetened wine! It's actually really good here, so I suggest you give it a shot. Besides the food, I will say that I love the surroundings. It's a hole-in-the-wall kind of joint and if you bring the right gal along, she will dig it too. If she doesn't, 86 her and the 1000 island dressing. Depending where you sit, it can be a bit tight on a busy day but if you get lucky, you'll score a nice little booth. All in all, this place frickin' rocks!
I really wanted to like this place. Order at the bar, pay, and grab a number. This place gets awesome ratings. I came for dinner and ordered a couple tacos. The tacos were not that good, but the beer selection was impressive. The service was decent. Not coming back.
Haven't had anything on the menu that isn't good. I find myself always going back to the carne asada fries; it is difficult to top fries covered in melted cheese, grilled steak and guacamole. When I do venture beyond the fries everything is equally tasty. Pastrami sandwich is an underrated favorite.They also have a good beer selection that rotates frequently. It is also convenient when they warn you that the beer you considered ordering is 14% ABV, so if you were planning on going back to work in the afternoon maybe you should order something else. Sangria is also fantastic.
Curious to know where all the SoMa engineers go for lunch? It appears to be Garaje! The line may be long and predominantly male (perhaps because of the extensive beer selection), but it's packed for a reason. The zapatos are delicious, especially the Cali steak one. This pressed burrito is filled with skirt steak asada, cheese, avocado, salsa, and fries. Be prepared with a lot of napkins. The casual vibe makes this place a great lunch hangout and although I have yet to try their beers, the sangria is quite unique. The deep red color is similar to an original sangria, but it's like a slushy instead of a wine. Different but I really enjoyed it.If you're looking for a tasty, Mexican inspired lunch spot that all the locals love, check this place out!
I love the food here so much. They have great vegetarian options. I love the Calejandro and the Veggie Burger. The serving size is quite decent.The only down side is that it is CASH ONLY. They have an ATM but I don't want to pay the ATM fees most of the time. It's difficult to go in a large group because most of their seating only seats 4, with the exception of the second floor which is often closed and the one table in the back which is usually occupied. Also, most people don't tend to carry cash on them so that's one of the main reasons we don't come here more often! Otherwise, it's close to work AND it's delicious. The people who work here are VERY nice and friendly, too.
Decent late night grub in the area. Big fan of the beer selection, decent prices, and the zapatos - the "love child of a burrito and a quesadilla". With a description like that, what kind of reasonable person could say no? Pro tip: cash only
Mama mia, what a great little place! Wow, I can't believe it look me so long to try it, but looking at the long lines, the place is pretty well known in SOMA. Even though there's around a 5 minute wait to get to the counter and order (they only take cash), the service is quick and there were plenty of tables open after we grabbed our number. I had the fried fish taco, and the chicken and carnitas tacos (admittedly too much food, the fish taco was huge) and my friend ordered the carnitas tacos and the carne asada fries. My friend, who's born and raised in San Diego, says it's the best carne asada that he's had in the bay area. I tried a few of his fries and they were nice and crispy, the meat was tender and full flavored. They didn't dump too much stuff on the fries to make it too soggy.For me, the tour de force was the fish taco. The fish is a huge piece of buttery, flaky white fish with super crunchy and non-greasy skin. They didn't load the taco with too much stuff so it makes the skin soggy. Man, that was the best fish taco that I've ever had. No fancy slaw (just some cabbage) and a bit of spicy mayo. Wooooo weeee, that was good. The tacos were good, too, although I wish there was a bit more onions to give it some brightness.Not exactly a place that's good for my waistline, but it's well worth the calories.
I love coming here because it's really good Mexican food for a great price. I highly suggest the Surfer Leo, and I'm not even a huge fish fan. For some reason the zapatos and chipotle mayo in my mouth just feels like God.Affordable, authentic Mexican in a divey atmosphere. Good for a quick stop when you're feeling greasy or just want to have a low key night out. Sangria is kind of smoothie like, definitely not your typical drank.
Fun ambiance, great food. The line can be long and slow moving sometimes. Amazing sangria -- it's almost like a slurpee.. Alcoholic slurpee. Fun place for a Friday happy hour!
Ate dinner last night. The spicy salsa was absolutely wonderful, it had a nice kick to it.Chips were good. Enjoyed the tostadillas a lot. mermaid taco was only okBeer wasOk, not great (wheat beer)
Quick service, friendly people, awesome food, what more can you ask for?! Be aware it's CASH ONLY!!!!It definitely can get crowded so if you're going with a larger group plan for that. The food is all great and the environment is laid-back and casual. Our group got a variety of zapatos and tacos and everyone loved what they got. I'd definitely go back if in the neighborhood again.
This is a fantastic place to pre-game it before heading to AT&T park as it's just down the street. We loved the huge chunk of fish in the fish taco and the huge piece of tuna in the seared Tuna and Avo taco. They had a great tap list of local beer and the sangrias are to die for! The sangria comes in a tall glass that is normally reserved for serving beer in, and it's icy and slushy at the top. At $8 a pop, I felt like I was getting my money's worth. You order at the far end of the restaurant and they give you a number so they can bring you your food. We were there about 2 hours before the DBacks game (we were there to see the DBacks, not the Giants-DBacks won BTW) and there were still tables available. About an hour before the game when we left, it was standing room only.
This place is no joke! Super reasonable prices paired with such a good rotating beer list. I'm sure it's been said before but they have the BEST cheeseburger in San Francisco! I honestly may be dreaming about that burger tonight. Delicious! !!
Dear god its so good - I went twice on a recent visit to San Francisco and wish I could go every day. I had delicious chips and salsa and sampled most of their taco options. I hear the burger is amazing but given that my top notch Mexican restaurant time was limited I decided to go for the tacos. They have a great beer selection as well that is updated often. Go here, and go often!
Oh man that surfer leo doe! Place was chill, food had massive amounts of flavor and the beer selection was on point. I'm so excited to try the other items on the menu. I would have today unfortunately "This burrito is delicious but it is filling."The only con is they only accept cash so bring some green backs!
Order and sit down type of service, my fav. I decided to go here with my girlfriend because we were doing a food adventure in the city! Food: I had the burger plus an addition of an egg. It was pretty damn good from what i remember. My girlfriend had fish tacos which were A-OK. Prices are reasonable, I'd be back. Oh yeah, I parked a couple blocks away from the place so the walk was about 5 minutes.
Even when its crowded, I love it. Creative and DELICIOUS food, and great beer. Try the ahi tuna tacos and BRING CASH. Divey atmosphere, and charger cords at booth seats.
I have been dreaming about this place ever since I left San Fran. It'll definitely be the first place I stop by when I'm back in SF. The Ahi Tuna and Cali Steak Zapato were so delicious. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. They have a great selection of craft beer, as well. Finding a table might be a little difficult, but if you snag a table near the wall they provide easily accessible chargers for your phone. Love this place!
I feel like this review is long overdue. There is a reason why people line up outside this place before it opens. The grilled fish and guac is unbelievable! An entire, juicy and tender piece of tilapia served with the the yummiest tangy slaw thing and topped with a big ol' scoop of guacamole! And all for only 5 bucks! You can't go wrong! Also tried the thai shrimp taco: nice well flavored and fresh shrimps. My friend had the carne asada taco: came with plenty of meat and was well seasoned. The jumbo crab cake was also good, maybe a little too mayonnaise-y. Bottom line, get the fish and guac. I will stand in line all day, everyday just for the fish tacos. Also tons of beers on tap. Cash only.
This spot is perfect for Taco Tuesday - a really great find for SoMa! I'm so happy I live only a short walk away and can enjoy Garaje tacos and sangria whenever I please! I came to check this spot out with some friends for happy hour one night and really enjoyed the food, drinks and lively atmosphere. I didn't expect the tacos to be that large and filling, so my friend and I made the mistake of ordering Carne Asada Fries to share on top of our tacos and sangria. The sangria comes in a pretty large glass, so we were half full from the liquid alone. I'm sad to say that we were so full that we had to leave half of our fries untouched :( I'll definitely be returning the next time I'm craving tacos and sangria!
The food is amazing!!! Definitely recommend the Asada Fries. ( fries+cheese+steak+salsa+avocado) perfect combination. The decoration inside is like a garage and iPhone charger offered!!!Garaje.Asada FriesQ
Decided to grab a bite at Garaje with my girls before heading over to a Giants game last Friday and was not disappointed. Walking in, the vibe was good and service was quick. CASH ONLY so make sure to stop by an ATM before coming in. Good selection of beers so we got a pint while we waited for our food, and by the time we finished it was ready for us to-go to take to the game. I decided on the Cali Steak Zapatos which was BOMB. Carne asada, guac, jack cheese, and pico de gallo -- what more could you want? Found out while we were waiting that they also have handy phone chargers in the booths in case you need a quick recharge while you're eating. Reasonable prices for the beers and food and just a short walk from AT&T Park if you want to pregame beforehand with food and drinks. Would definitely recommend coming here again!
Garaje has a lot going for it- the positives 1) great beer selection with many sizes including the huge boots if you're up for them. 2) pretty solid food selection. Mexican American fusion stuff- zapataos are delicious, as are their tacos and the como se llamo. The negatives: 1) only water comes via serve yourself, which is fine, but they only have tiny plastic server yourself cups like you would get at a doctors office waiting room. Kinda annoying2) can get really crowded, especially around lunch times, as a heads up 3) chips and salsa are underwhelming.
Simply:California Steak Zapato (read: California burrito - WITH FRIES!)Fish tacosCash onlyGood beer selectionCasual ambianceHang around and you'll find seating. Reminds me of an SF SD!
Craved Mexican and was in SoMa with a friend one Tuesday evening, so we decided on Garaje. After walking by it a couple of times, we easily settled into a booth (comfortable, with tall tables), then ordered from the counter. Two filling fish tacos ($5 each) and two towering glasses of Sangria ($8 each) came out quickly and blessed us with a healthy buzz. We arrived just after 5pm, half an hour before the rush of young professionals and baseball fans. A long line had formed by the time we left. Good timing for a good time!
Carne Asada Fries. Sooooooooo good. #foodgasm
Garaje is the best place to eat in SoMa. Their prices are fantastic and their food is amazing. I've had the cali steak zapatos, rolls royce zapatos (steak and shrimp), carnitas tacos, steak tacos, chicken tacos, and seared ahi and avocado tacos. You can't go wrong with any of the menu items here. My favorites would be the carnitas tacos and the cali steak zapatos. They also have a fantastic beer selection and they let you try them in little shot glasses if you're not sure which one to get.Atmosphere is awesome. It's kind of like an eclectic sports bar meets a 50's diner. There are vintage license plates and Iggy Pop posters on the walls. Service is excellent. I've never had a bad experience here and the people who work here are truly accommodating and they look like they enjoy working here.One of my favorite places to eat in the city, hands-down. Only downside is that it's cash-only. But I think that's why they are able to keep their prices down.
We tried both the Cali Steak and the Surfer Leo zapatos. I lean toward the Cali Steak mainly for the beef. Both were pretty good, but I found the ingredients unequally distributed. My girlfriend and I both switched our halves. My Cali Steak half seemed to have a moderate amount of beef, but hers had much more. Sadly, my Surfer Leo half barely had any meat and was comprised of mostly just cheese and guac... so I was in basically flour and a creamy mixture. All in all, good experience, but would would have been much better if they actually made the zapatos w/ the ingredients distributed well. Left with a heavy feeling in the stomach.
4.5-----CASH ONLY-----BOMBBBBBB!met myy friend here for lunch, and it was crackin! luckily he came early and ordered food for me and got seats for us. the line was out the door, and there were no vacant seats when i arrived on a weekday around 12ish. it was def a hot spot for lunch. come in order, and find your own seat type of deal. we ordered everything and shared. ill keep it simple, and list the things i ordered. all worth trying! you won't regret! burger + egg! nomZ --we were able to order it protein style only too!cali steak--- a better version of a cali burrito!crab sammich--it wasn't on the menu...my friend said you just have to know to order it? it was pretty darn good! carne asada fries--was delish!
I love me some delicious shoes...I mean zapatos. DELISH.So you walk in and head straight back to the register. Order, grab a number, find a table, wait for the amazing food to come to you. This place is busy so tables may be hard to come by. You will eventually hover over other people as they finish up their food and grab the table. Cali zapato...deliciously grilled burrito with steak and french fries. SO GOOD. Grilled fish taco...huge piece of fresh fish, great sauce. YUM.They also have quite a choice of beer. Can't go wrong there...street parking was also available when I went at night. Solid 5 stars.
I really love the deco and food at this spot! It kinda really feels like you're walking into a dressed up garage with vintage license plates and road signs all over the walls. This is not your average taqueria, but they have a good variety of tacos, zapatos (burrito meets quesadilla/Panini) carne asada fries, and other sides.If you work close by, definitely check this place out but beware there is always a bit of a line even if you think you're coming early around 11:30. The line moves along fairly quickly for me since I like to look around at all the decorations, triple check the menu for what I want to order, decide on a beer or even watch TV on the numerous screens they have throughout the place.My favorite go-to is the Thai prawn taco...who knew Thai flavors and a taco would make a perfect match? It's served with about 3-4 decent sized juicy prawns, peanuts, cabbage, lime mayo and cilantro. They're a little larger than a street style taco and fills me up perfectly.My co-worker had the Cadillac taco (steak and shrimp) and the other had the Cali steak zapato which is next on my to try list! They both enjoyed all the flavor in what they ordered.Most importantly! They have a huge beer selection on tap that they update pretty often. Perfect to wash down your meal. You can also ask the server if you'd like to sample any on the list.Cash only but there is an ATM inside that charges a $2.00 fee.
Tacos and beer! I love the vibe to Garaje! It is important to bring cash here! They only accept your stash of cash!They deck this divey place out and the seatings consist of booths and communal tables.You must get their Cadillac Taco, which is loaded with grilled shrimps, chopped up carne asada steak and topped with scrumptious guacomole sauce! It was bomb!Their Carne Asada fries and Zapato, passed. Their Zapato reminded me of a quesadilla that were stuffed with fries, carne asada steak (in mine) and melted cheese. It's great to load up with beer and tacos here while watching the game going on, on TV! Their largest size beer is huge, may I add? Enjoy!
Great place for beer and eats. Line is long, but moves fast, and has a ton of unique craft beers for cheap (especially in downtown SF). TV's have diff sports games playing. Seating is open, and I love the divey feel.I just wish they had told us there was no liquor. The line was long so we were handed a menu and told to order all drinks up front. Maybe they should add something that mentions beer only on the menu. Still a fun spot for happy hour.
If you like beer and Mexican food, you've come to the right place! Garaje (pronounced Ga-rah-hey) is a great place to grab dinner or drinks with your friends. And they have TVs, so you can watch sports! It could get pretty crowded before Giants games, so if you want to avoid the crowds, come earlier or later.You order at the counter, and you have to pay with cash! They have booths along the walls and in the middle. Grab your drinks when you order, and they'll deliver the food to your table. They have a sign that says "No Crap On Tap," and that's true! All the beers that I've tried are mm-mm-good! - Steak Zapatos ($8): California burrito with steak. They remind me of a high end Taco Bell crunchwrap! It's like a regular burrito that is pressed and flattened like a panini. - Seared Ahi Tuna Taco ($5): don't be scared off by the price for a taco... They don't skimp with the ingredients at all. In fact, there was so much *stuff* on the taco I almost wanted to wrap the taco together like a burrito so nothing fell out. The fish was on point!I don't usually carry cash on me, but since Garaje is conveniently located across the street from my work, I think I will be keeping some Andrew Jacksons on me at all times! Cheers!
Great obscure restaurant in SOMA. It is a walk up and order style of restaurant. The menu isn't the most expansive but we had a great experience. We ordered the carne asada fries, crazy dave's double cheeseburger with egg and two tacos. GREAT MEAL! The burger was humongous and hard to handle (perhaps I will order a single patty next time) but it was absolutely delicious! The carne asada fries came with a lump of guac which made it tasty but it was something I could have done without. We also had their blended smoothie was good. The line was constantly moving but we were able to order quickly and received our food just as fast. It has several TVs which was great to watch the NBA All-Star game so it would be a great spot to bring some buddies to watch a game. It has a lot of interesting memorabilia posted on their walls, giving it a very hipster/grungy vibe. I would definitely come back here at some point to try out their other food options. Also happen to see Kate Scott from KNBR dining here the same night which made it extra cool!
The store front of Garaje was definitely misleading. The moment we opened the door, I did not expect an elongated room filled with booths and a second floor. We ordered the carnitas tacos and the carne asada fries. Carnitas tacos - 3.5 Stars: Heaping portions topped with pico de gallo, slices of radish, onion and cilantro and a slice of lime to squeeze over. The portions were big to the point where all the toppings fell out onto the tray the moment I took a bite. Some parts of the meat were a bit overcooked. $3 apiece.  Carne Asada Fries - 5 stars: The texture of the fries were crisp on the outside while soft on in the inside. That guacamole though. Wow! Finger licking good especially with bits of avocado. The steak was in large chunks which I was not use to, but no one has any complaints about that. Yum! This is a self-seated restaurant and they only take cash! The decor was swanky. It would be a chill spot to go on a casual date night.
Really good. The burger and the crab cake thingy were both really good. The coleslaw was also very tasty - had to pick out some jalapeos, but the whole thing was very flavorful. Cash only. Walked by it at first, and had to circle back. Glad we did.
What an underdog place to go to! Lots of beer on tap to choose from. Their Ahi Tuna taco, and Steak/Shrimp taco was simply amazing... A little pricey $6 for one taco, but the portion is big enough for that price. Service was fast and friendly, loved the interesting atmosphere- would definitely recommend coming here with a chill group of friends or a laid back date
Amazing tacos and
Whoever gave this place any less than 5 stars has never had their house sauce or their zapatos. I look for reasons to eat here instead of at work and I never regret coming. For less than $10 you can get a filling, mouth-watering, fresh cod zapato (think a hard pressed wrap) that can be slathered in their lime-y, orange juice-y, spicy house sauce. Yes!!!!!!! Go to Garaje and then go there again. During lunch time the line is always long but it moves quickly. One caution: they only take cash (they have an ATM by the entrance).
A friend brought us to this spot right before a Giants game, since it's just a few blocks down. I was definitely impressed. The food was pretty great, especially the tacos. The ahi tuna taco and the carne asada were perfect, great flavor and spice! The beer battered fish taco was good too, but maybe just needed a little more seasoning. My friend had some kind of strawberry beer which was amazing aswell. I definitely can't wait to be back into the city so we can come back to this joint!
I love this place! Not only do they have amazing tacos with lots of veg options but they also have an extensive craft beer list. It does get pretty crowded after work and there isn't a ton of seating so just keep that in mind. It's also cash only!
Garaje has an ambience that SOMA isn't accustom to, casual and friendly (without sweatpants). The food is always fresh, and never an overkill. The secret buzz worthy updates on Facebook and Instagram keep me checking back for more. Thank you Garaje for always giving me what I deserve.
What's Wong with wongs salad at a Mexican fusion pad with crab cakes?NothingThough the service is a number and drop off.the food here is excellent though.crowded and often forced to sit at a bench with strangers and claustrophobic food feed.More of a night club restaurant feel that I don't really care for clearly geared for people feed.But heck you are here for the fres right?Fish taco fried with beer steak and shrimpAll full of flavor and packed heavy within a small form factor.Crab cakes (for a taco joint?) is fab huge and thick with a compliment slaw to offset the crab cakes. Awesome!Best ahi and tilapia beer battered fish taco in my life!Don't come during lunch hour as this gas lines out the door. Be smart and avoid the long lines at noon5 stars for foodDock 1 for atmosphere and shoulder to shoulder crowd.
Despite having read the reviews warning about how easy it was to miss Garaje, we still did. In fact, my friends and I walked almost two blocks before realizing it. Of course, that still wasn't as embarrassing as calling the place "gara-hey" (Spanish). Instead of just, you know..."garage". Or was I right? I can't tell!After walking in and checking out the menu, it's easy to see where their name comes from - an auto garage theme with menu that has a distinct Mexican tilt. To be more precise though, I'd say it's San Diego-Mex - food served California style with fries and guac/avocados, a variety of fish tacos, and, of course, CARNE ASADA FRIES!**Apologies in advance for the dark photos; I didn't want to use the flash...-- NICO'S CHIPS WITH FIRE ROASTED SALSA...$3(yelp.com/biz_photos/gara)The thick and crunchy chips were fantastic, but I was really impressed with the salsa. It had a good amount of heat/spice that wasn't over the top, and a nice, smokey flavor. While chips and salsa may be free at other places, I'd gladly pay for these!-- CARNE ASADA FRIES - Skirt Steak Asada, Jack, Guac, House Salsa...$8(yelp.com/biz_photos/gara)The one thing I had to try! Not only was there a generous amount of carne asada (as well as guac), but the meat was juicy and flavorful as well. San Diego has better to offer, and there could have been more cheese, but these were still great!-- CALI STEAK ZAPATO...Skirt Steak Asada, Jack Cheese, Fries, Avocado, and Pico de Gallo...$8(yelp.com/biz_photos/gara)I agreed with my friend that it's similar to Taco Bell's Grilled Stuffed Burritos, but Garaje is so much better. I loved how all of the delicious flavors literally blended together. My only regret is not getting the carnitas version for variety's sake.If I were to mention of the minor quibbles I had, it'd be that the kitchen was a little slow, there aren't a lot of tables for large groups, and that it's CASH ONLY. At the same time though, the fantastic food, friendly workers, slew of hot sauces, and awesome beer selection more than compensate for any shortcomings.Also, while their main items are listed on the board by the register, make sure to take a look at the paper menu as well. Not only is it a little easier to read, but there's also a "secret" menu that's not listed on the wall. Ultimately, it may not alter what you decide to order, but it certainly gives you reasons to come back!
Man oh man...I wish this was in LA! Came down to SF for a mini vacation. Everyday we'd be yelping to find out what to try out here next and I'm SO glad I stumbled onto the yelp page for Garaje. I got the Skirt steak Zapatos and it was so full of flavor! My gf had the Carnitas Zapatos and loved it! The pork fries....my gosh, they don't mess around! Load it up with guac, and carnitas. Plenty to share. We couldn't finish all our food.. This place is definitely a come back..
Tried the seared ahi and avocado taco and the Baja fish taco. The seared ahi was done well and had a good balance of ingredients. The Baja fish taco could have used more flavor. They don't have a salsa bar but there are a couple of generic hot sauce bottles on the side. Overall a good but not excellent experience. I'd go again if I was in the area and craving fish tacos, but wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. The atmosphere isnt too loud but the decor is a bit overdone. Good if you want a bar setting.
Popped in on a Wednesday night and hey! So did the entire world! Good news is, there are so many license plates on the wall that you'll never be bored waiting in line. Pro tip: a fun game is to argue with all your friends about how their opinions of various license plates are wrong and stupid. Obviously South Carolina's is the best. Anyway, get the Zapatos, which is essentially a panini'd burrito - meat, cheese, refried beans, avocado, chewy, browned tortilla. Literally every food group besides maple syrup. Need another fun game? Try all the hot sauces with your friends and argue about how their opinions are stupid and wrong. Obviously Tapatio is the best.
10.04.13 | bookmarked 02.25.13They proudly announce "no crap on tap". I was not disappointed swinging by for a quick bite and drink. The place was packed, and full of friendly patrons. Order at the counter (cash only), be patient, and wait for your food and a table.They made me a half carne asada, half pork fries. Fatty night was complete.
If you are looking for authentic Mission tacos, San Francisco has those, but not here. These tacos are a different, wonderful breed. I had the Carnitas (pork) and the Baja (fish) tacos, and they were fantastic. The best part, though? The beer. They say "No crap on tap" and they mean it. Actually the other best part was the Carne Asada fries, but I feel pretty guilty about eating them after going to the gym.They were so good though.
Best burger/sandwich spot in Soma. The Fried Chicken Sando is perfection. Can't go wrong with anything at this place. Note: it's cash only.
Awesome find! Thanks fellow Yelpers!Needed a quick place to stop and grab a bite before catching the train from 4th & King -- was the perfect choice. Quick, good food, good beer. And... I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food (don't hate it, but just rarely crave it) -- but this was really good. I got the Steak Zapatos, which is a burrito, but put in a panini press. Yum! The atmosphere was fun -- had a "grunge" feel. You order food and drinks, and then sit down with a number. They have a great beer selection as well!Definitely a place I'd go back to for a quick bite and good drink.
Mojo chicken Zapata is absolutely awful. The chicken pieces are like shoe leather - dry and chewy. And this panini burrito thing is way too salty. The place is a shitty Mexican place masquerading in a sort of cool hipster / sports bar combo. Don't eat here. But drinks only might be ok when you want to watch the game.
Garaje is definitely "an experience." It has a sports bar kind of vibe coupled with twists on Mexican American food. It's crowded (especially on game nights), loud, and there's always a line for the lone restroom (but it's surprisingly clean). Service extends to ordering at the register, giving customers a number, and then delivering the food as it comes out.No sports bar would be complete without an extensive beer list, and Garaje doesn't disappoint. It's known for its gigantic liters (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara) and more modest pints (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara). Samples are allowed at the register when you have to make the life-changing decision of which beer to get. The waiters and waitresses are friendly and easy-going. Finding a seat after ordering can be a challenge, but the large communal table is a good place to swap stories and argue about sports teams.Skirt steak zapato:(yelp.com/biz_photos/gara)From what little high school spanish I remember, "zapato" is an interesting name for this over-stuffed quesadilla. I've heard it described as more of a panini than anything else, but I definitely lean more towards quesadilla. It's toasted, stuffed with cheese, meat, and avocado, and comes out piping hot in two gooey slabs. While I did enjoy this as a rather guilty cheesy snack, I didn't find it to be particularly memorable. The ingredients were fresh, but slightly bland.Seared ahi fish taco:(yelp.com/biz_photos/gara)The fish tacos here are incredibly over-stuffed, to the point where I can't even wrap the tortilla around all the ingredients. I'm definitely not complaining though, as this justifies the $5 price tab for each taco. Out of the two fish tacos I tried, this was the underdog. The ahi was seared well, but the fish leaned towards the mushier side texturally, which I was not a fan of. Coupled with the soft avocado, this whole thing was too much soft for me, and that made the experience rather unappetizing. Grilled fish taco:(yelp.com/biz_photos/gara)I have to agree with other Yelpers; this was probably the most amazing fish taco I've ever had. The fish was grilled to perfection, slightly crusty on the outside while still tender and fresh on the inside. This coupled with the creamy avocado, a spritz of lime, and radish slivers was heavenly. I would come back just for this taco.Happy hour crunchy tacos, one steak and one carnitas:(yelp.com/biz_photos/gara)On the weekday we went, happy hour was 3-7pm. I'm not sure if this is always the case, but the crunchy tacos were $2 each, and I tried the carnitas and steak ones. The crunchy tortillas were really fresh, with still that fragrant corn smell. The meats were a little on the dry side, which was alleviated by the salsa and lime. The amount of lettuce and other tidbit toppings were generous, so generous that it was impossible to fit everything. If it were up to me, I'd add on the $3 and just get the grilled fish taco.Cheeseburger (single) with fries:(yelp.com/biz_photos/gara)This was "just a cheeseburger," but the patty was incredibly juicy. I'm always a fan when the cooks take the time and effort to top the patty with cheese while it's still on the grill so that it's melty and gooey. The grilled onions were also done very well, and the fries came out piping hot. Needless to say, I had way too much food at Garaje. The ones I would return for are the grilled fish taco and possibly the cheeseburger. Oh, and the beer. Always the beer.
Great beers, great tacos. What more can you ask for ? Crowded place, but not a long wait as people seem to drop in for a quick bite and a beer.Got mikkeller Texas ranger chipotle porter on tap here, almost worth the five stars alone !
This is the hipster taco joint you've been looking for! Great tacos and the Surfer Leo is da bomb! What makes the tacos so good in my opinion is the superior tortillas they use. I consider myself a Mexican food connoisseur and this gives any of the "authentic" establishments a run for their money.
Came on a Saturday and got a nice table. Food and brews were amazing as usual, even though everything was amazing I just wasn't comfortable. The door man, or may I say equestrian(the hat he was wearing) haha is what did it. He was a very strange guy. Pretty much got in front of everyone's face to let them know cash only, talked to himself very loudly, mouthing off to the tv, also clapping when The Warriors lost, eye f______ing every woman that walks by, and walked all around restaurant talking to himself. The list goes on. Love Garaje still, hope they get rid of Mr. Creepy Von Loudmouth!
Great vibes, unique beer, sweet mash up of Mexican and American. Get the cali steak zapato
Order the panini-pressed burrito wonder that is the cali steak zapato! Flavorful and not at all messy, which means it's great for a casual date, when you don't want food dripping all over. The first time I went, I ordered the skirt steak zapato and was handed the cali steak zapato instead. It was sooo good, but sadly, the person who actually ordered the cali steak zapato noticed the mix-up and reclaimed the uneaten half. Absolute blessing because I got to try two different ones! Hands down, Cali Steak is tastier due to the juicy addition of avocado, pico de gallo and FRENCH FRIES. In comparison, the skirt steak zapato was pretty bland. Delicious selection of beers on tap. Friendly service, even with a full house. iPhone chargers at each table. Low-key, no fuss (order/pay at the counter, take a number, find a table) Mexican joint perfect for grabbing tasty cheap eats and a few cold brews. I can't wait to go back to try their tacos and burgers!
Real cool atmosphere, good music, and even better food. I definitely recommend the seared ahi taco.
We came here for one of our precious lunch choices during a five day foodie bonanza, and we didn't regret it at all. Majorly pigged out and got the Tilapia Taco, Carne Asada Fries, Carne something burrito and the Crab Crack. I think I may have slaughtered the names, but you'll get a handle on things when you get there. They have their own habanero sauce, which I highly recommend dousing over everything, cause' I like my sh!t spicy. They've also got a lot of choice beers here that you won't find all around. Service is fast and friendly and the decor is funky to boot. Great place, great food - we're very happy to have gotten to eat here. Go try it if you get a chance, I think you'll be pleased like peas and carrots.
One of my favorite place for tacos and fish n' chips.fried tilapia is to die forAhi tuna taco is perfectly cook and seasoned.great selection of beers on tap, you can ask for a taste before making decisionour must go place before SF Giants game for sure
Incredible. Worth the trip and completely cravable. I only wish I lived closer. We got here right when it opened, and that was a good call. This place gets busy FAST.The Cali Steak Zapata is the way to go. It's the perfect size, the perfect flavors, the perfect everything. I only wish I was eating one right now. The pricing is great and the dive-like atmosphere only adds to the experience.
Get the California Steak Zapato. I've been here twice and ordered this both times. It's awesome. A heart-attack in a tortilla, probably, but awesome. Zapato means "shoe" in Spanish, but this not-quite-burrito tastes nothing like a shoe. It's a grilled tortilla with steak, guacamole, and French fries inside. Did I just describe your three favorite things in one sentence? Ever imagined them combined? Go to Garaje and try it for yourself.Aside from the awesome zapatos, Garaje has great beer, amusingly snarky decor, and space to hang out. A great place to chill over drinks or host a happy hour/networking event. Don't forget to bring cash. Or a friend with cash.
I passed by this place so many times and finally went here for a lunch, and luckily came early to avoid the lines that formed later on.I had the Cali Steak Zapato and it was amazing!The ambiance in the location is pretty cool, and remember to bring cash!
Love the food! Just wish everyone else in town didn't. Lunchtime is a scene here, but if you're dining with a small group you'll have an easier time grabbing a table. Don't get me wrong, the place is huge but at 12pm the crowd amasses and the 20-something tables start to fill. There's an upstairs balcony with a skylight and view down into the first floor "dining room", which is our preferred eating spot when we have 6+ in our group. Garaje is super casual and the menu is totally unpredictable. Is it Mexican? American? Asian? A little of each. I always order the grilled fish or seared tuna tacos here, which come with a generous heap of guacamole and some fancy garnishes. I tried to order a horchata once, and the dude at the counter said "sorry, we're not a REAL Mexican restaurant". So, there you have it. The slushy sangria is a fun way to get your kicks, and still be able to function back at the office. They've also got a "No Crap On Tap" beer policy, and a bunch of secret menu items (which aren't so secret, because they list the "secret" menu on a separate chalkboard). Not too pricey, and always delicious. I'm a fan!
LOVE THIS PLACE. They have a great selection of beers (and even one really delicious ginger cider last time I was there) and the food is out of control. I've heard really good things about the burgers but have never had the opportunity to try one of those myself because I am all about the zapatos, tacos and sandwiches. Even their most generic tacos-- carnitas, carne asada, beer battered tilapia, etc. are delicious (and cheap- like $3). Their fancier tacos (like the cadillac taco) are fresh, tasty and much bigger than you think they'll be-- so come hungry. Zapatos are always great (pressed burritos) but I'm always a little tempted by the ahi sandwich. It's great. Toasted bread, fresh grilled ahi, a great sauce... what's not to love. My last visit I tried the carne asada fries for the first time and they were huge and absolutely delicoius. Definitely a meal sized portion though, so beware! Will definitely be coming back here all the time. Cash only though!
Best burger in SF. The fish and chips are huge and delicious. Get the burger with a fried egg. The chicken sandwich is just as amazing and make sure to add the egg!
I've probably been here 10+ times at this point. It is a fun place with a lot of atmosphere for a casual lunch or dinner. It's kind of like being in a cool garage with street signs and automotive motifs everywhere. It's lively and often full even later into the night.My favorite is the tostadas. One tostada is a perfect light dinner with a bit of cheese and fresh corn and cabbage to contrast. I love the shrimp for a lighter take, or carnitas for a heavier meal.I am also told that they have an outstanding beer menu. Or, as they say on their sign, "no crap on tap."Gluten-free notes: The tostada and tacos are good choices. No zapatos for you! Sorry.
My office is right down the street from this amazing establishment. I don't think a week goes by without someone making a trip to Garaje for a delicious delicious Zapato. Though my mates always complain that a Zapato will get you to 90% full. I've been known to order an additional carnitas or chicken taco post Zapato. The beer selection is pretty awesome and they're always rotating in new one (practically on a daily basis). My coworkers, to some extent, are beer connoisseurs so they get quite excited when there is something new to try or if they happen to have one of their favorites on tap. The only down side is that this place is generally always packed (good for them bad for you and me) so getting a table may be a game of patience. The turnover is pretty quick though so you don't have to wait too long if you plan on sticking around for more than 15 minutes. Overall, great place, great beer, great food. If you're in the area you should definitely check Garaje out!
Short and sweet! Awesome! Pastrami sando is out of this world!! I'm talking Pluto!!! Im from San Diego...i will be back. Carnitas..fantastic! Beer selection...bravo!! Have a good day!
This is the best Mexican restaurant in the Bay Area, that I've tasted. I've been here probably 20 times and will continue to put the owner's kids through college as long as I work in downtown SF. I haven't had a bad item yet here. The zapato with the prawns is my favorite dish.
Obesity. Its going to happen - I've embraced it and it's gonna happen here. Though, for a greasy dive, it is remarkably un-greasy. Also, for a dive, it's way too clean, organized and carefully decorated to actually be a dive. Instead of a bouncer, it has a doorman - not exactly ghetto. The line looks terrifying at peak hours, but the place is deceptively larger than it looks and seats do open up faster than you'd think. Send someone to stalk seats and another to order:Cali Steak Zapato - Heart attack, but if you gotta go, go this wayFish Zapato - The lighter "healthy" zapato - I liked this better - deliciousFish Taco - Greasy - just OKWings - Not really wings, but super juicy perfectly seasoned crispy chicken tender-like stuffJose Wong Salad - The "healthy part of the meal" - Yummy and a must have to balance the rest of the menuCash Only - $15-20/person will stuff you silly.Wannabe Dive, wannabe Mexican, whatever you wanna call it, it works.
Great food, but server David was rude.Honestly, this place has great food, you cannot doubt that.The sever David however was rude and unapologetic. For that reason I gave it 2 stars.Upon reaching the counter, unfamiliar with their unique selection of beers, I asked David "First time here, what is a good beer?"His response was "...The thing about people is we are individuals and have different tastes..."My response "ok... well what is a popular beer?"David's response "People like to order different things" (dodging my question)At this point I was just looking at the menu of beers going, I don't know what a nitro pale ale tastes like or a sriracha lemon cider is. I am from out of town, I heard this place is good. I was a nice cold beer with my tacos. Finally, I asked "You can't tell me what you sell the most of?"David's response "I won't do that."My apologies if I don't fit in well with the SF micro brew crowd. There are some people out there who come into a restaurant not knowing what beer to order. I was trying to get some insight on what local people order and David made me feel like an idiot. I fully support Garaje's decision to promote micro brews, that is great, good for you. However, rude service is inexcusable. Please someone talk to David, I'm not less of a person because I walk into a new restaurant without my mind made up. If he would have coached me along I would have bought a beer. Lost sale, bad rating, your move Garaje.
In honor of Yelp Mexico launching today, let's talk about the best Mexican food I've had in some time:If a picture is worth a thousand words, all you need to know is the shot of the seared ahi taco (ahimazing). It might actually be the most beautiful taco I've ever seen, and it tastes as good as it looks.*Throw in the kickass Como Se Llama taco (carnitas is the move), carne asada fries and surprisingly fantastic beer on tap, and this is an unrivaled and excessive lunch that I should probably be thankful I can't get on the regular.Cash only. But there are worse things, like not eating _____________*The only downside to this overstuffed excellence is that it's exceedingly messy to eat. If you're more finicky, perhaps you'd be more comfortable with more wieldy zapatos, which by all accounts are equally outstanding.
It's becoming quite evident that I ate a lot of Mexican food while I was in San Fran. When it was suggested for a lunch outing, I was all in. This was a perfect spot mid-week. First and foremost, try and make a decision. The menu offers quite a few options that you will struggle landing on one thing.The space is long and skinny - it's an old garage (hence the name) - so seating lines the aisle that will inevitably be filled with people waiting in line for some killer food. But, you'll shuffle through there quickly. Place your order, they give you a number, and bring out your food. We headed upstairs to nab the only seating that would fit our group of seven.Como se llama tacos: Get them and don't ask questions. It was a sizable order for one taco. I went for the carnitas, plus it's jam packed with refried beans, lettuce, pico de gallo, and tons of fresh guacamole. As their menu states, the refritos are kick ass because they're made with lard. Yup, punched in the face with flavor. Most importantly the corn tortilla shells are spread with refritos and then wrapped with a soft tortilla. Que sabor! It's messy so I ended up moving to a fork and knife to devour.Then, if you want to go over the edge, order the carne asada fries. We might have over done it with the 2 orders, but it was worth the couple bites I had. I would have loved to see the fries a touch more crispy, but that's just me. It did not take away from the insanity that was the toppings. Some other things that tempted me... that cheeseburger and the ahi taco. Save me a bite, I'll be back.
This place. This place is my jam-a-lam, Yelp friends. So much so that henceforth I shall make it a point to visit each and erry time I'm in the Beyaireeyah.Some important life advice for you: Should you find yourself in San Francisco (maybe you live there and you've never been, maybe you're visiting... who knows?) you really do need to go to here. While more of a fun lunch spot than anything else, seemingly, Garaje is a cash-only, delightful taco/Mexican/carne-asada fry haven complete with tons of amazing craft brews on tap.Yeah, you heard me.What's not to love? Awesome, awesome vittles (think ahi tuna tacos, carne asada fries, veggie options, you can definitely check the menu through the Yelp menu link if you want more specifics), tons of craft brews on tap, a laid-back, punk-ish interior and super friendly folks rockin' it the whole time.Here's how it works:1. Stand in line.2. Get to counter.3. Order food, beer, or the sangria, which is also allegedly quite good.4. Pay in cash, then tip the nice people that work there.5. Take your number and park it wherever it is you can find a seat.6. Wait for your delicious food; they'll bring it to you!I wish I had my very own Garaje. I would go all the time. You should go, and eat, and drink if you're feeling so inclined. I promise you'll love it.
"You shot me in my stomach! I'm gon' die now probably! Man, I had y'all over for dinner - fish tacos! This how you do me?" -- Pineapple Express (2008)You must go here - anytime you visit San Francisco. Add it to that to-do list, bucket list, bookmark it whatever. I don't really care what list you put it on, but make sure it's there. Everyone knows I visit SF a LOT. But on a recent visit, I came here with a friend for lunch - second lunch actually. It was national taco day (or another one of those silly such days), so we made a tour of tacos. This was a stop on the tour and OMG, we were NOT disappointed. Now, this is not authentic, off the truck, straight from Mexico tacos - but this is what you want when you are looking for a twist on a taco.We had some difficulty making decisions, so we went a little nutty ordering - 3 tacos AND the So Fried Chicken Sandwich. First up, the Thai Peanut taco - perfectly cooked shrimp atop a crunchy Thai slaw, and roasted peanuts - YUM. This came in 3rd, though. Next up, the Cadillac - equal parts carne and those yummy shrimps all wrapped up in a taco with the typical taco components. This was heaven in a flour tortilla. Number 2! Tops on the taco list was the Como se llama - Corn taco shell wrapped with a cheesy flour tortilla spread with refritos and filled with chicken lettuce, pico and guac. Holy taco fiesta! The final item on the table was the chicken sandwich - the west coast version of Chick-fil-a - and there was NO comparison. I'd eat these every day. Lettuce, tomato, melted cheese and the perfectly fried chicken breast all on a killer bun with the right amount of spice. Amen! I'll take TWO! Best ever fried chicken sandwich - I was sad to share it with Kate.I washed all this down with a Mexican Coke and didn't need to eat again until the next day - it was that worth all those calories and I don't regret a THING.So you know the drill - walk in, get in the really long line and be patient. Place you order and have your cash ready. Grab your number and find a seat - you might need to make some friends and share a table, but who cares, you're going to eat some amazing food. Devour and enjoy and be sure to repeat again soon.
I only had the opportunity to try their to go food, but on the plus side I tried a bit of everything.My family practically ordered the entire menu and there wasn't one complaint, it was delicious! From memory, my favorite was the seared ahi dish taco, cooked perfectly.The only downside was that it took forever for the order to come out, maybe 45 minutes.I'll definitely becoming back, especially since it's order over the counter, sit down service.
After reviews by my trusted fellow Yelpers I knew I had to try Garaje. The problem? I am not usually in the area during its hours of operations. Yes, I am in this neighborhood just about every weekend, but usually during the day when Garaje is closed. ARGH! It didn't help that everyone was telling me how great the food is here.While walking to AT&T Park one night for a Giants game, I happened to be walking by and noticed that it was open. A quick glance at the menu told me I had to make some time to pick up some food for the game. Luckily I was still pretty early and wasn't really craving anything at the ballpark.Most of the patrons appeared dressed for the game. There was a line of about 10 people ahead of me waiting to order. A quick consultation with the very nice gentleman behind me confirmed that my intended order, the steak and shrimp zapato, was a good choice for my first meal here. So many good options, so little room in my tummy!The zapato (Cadillac?) is essentially a grilled burrito, but without all the unnecessary fillers. It gets right to the point - you know you're eating steak and shrimp. The ingredients were fresh, seasoned well and had just the right proportion of meat to starch/veg. You can see and clearly taste both items as it's not buried under mounds of rice, beans, cheese, and sour cream. Although it doesn't compare in size to anything you can get wrapped in a tortilla in the Mission, the zapato was still satisfying. The restaurant is small, dark and cozy. There's a large communal table by the door, some school desks and booths on the ground floor. Additional seating is available upstairs. Small groups would be better than large groups. Cash only.I would love to return at some point to try other items off the menu as well as to sample some of their beers. For as they say, there's "No crap on tap". Garaje is totally worth checking out. Good food, good vibe, good service.
I have been coming here since the week they opened. Great if you work in South Beach, or any tech company South of Market. Go for the stuff on the secret menu. Maverick Zapato, Cadillac tacos, etc. Where else can you get carne asada fries in the Bay Area? Good Burgers too. The sign says "No Crap on Tap" and they do not lie. Big screen to watch football, or basketball, soccer, or baseball depending on the season. Short walk to the ballpark. Not much point keeping this one a secret since they are great and everyone knows. Only issue is they do not stay open that late, they are not a bar. More of a great restaurant with an amazing drink menu. Mny rae and foreign drafts available, including Unibroue's famous Maudite. Sangria is like a sangria slushy, rather than liquid. Try a Maudite along or Sangria, you're welcome : ) You will thank me later.
Garaje is a cash only, Thai prawn taco, sours on tap, quick line moving, secret menu sporting, red basket stacked, sit down with strangers social, surprisingly solid burgers for a Tex Mex joint slinging, saved your receipt from trash because we thought you'd need it, industrial light bulb glowing, two torta sporting, fifteen bucks with a beer, smiles and high-fives kinda place.And I wouldn't have it any other way.
Great beer selection and excellent food. About 20 beers on tap. Prices very reasonable as well. The only drawback would be the ordering line can become very long and waits of up to 20 minutes can happen. However, once the beer & food arrives the long wait will be quickly forgotten!
Had a perfect trifecta of carne asada, chicken and carnitas tacos. I'm not a beer guy, but they served up a number of comp shots of local beer to make sure I picked something I liked. Everything was delish. Only complaint was running out of salsa. Shame on me for not asking for me. Interesting ambience. I took a long call despite the background noise and felt right at home doing so. Seating and ordering were not clear. I asked a table of people to show me the way. Basically sit where you can, go order at a counter and they find you with food. I'm optimistic a second visit could push me to 5 stars.
Da fuq???!?!??! This pace is sacred....all the food is good and even the food that you didn't think had a place here is...ridiculous....pastrami sandwich...whoa...
Garaje is the place for good drinks and good food with a unique vibe! It's perfect for lunch and dinner with friends and co-workers. I keep coming back even after eating there countless times.Yelp classifies Garaje as Mexican but it's more like American fusion. Yes, there are regular tacos but there are thai shrimp tacos, Chinese chicken salads, and burgers. There's a good mix of everything. -- A few of my favorites --------------------------------- Ahi Tuna Taco: The ahi tuna slice is huge and the sauce on the taco makes Garaje's ahi tuna taco that much more special. The other Ahi Tuna alternatives are the Ahi Tuna burger, sandwich, and salad. Get the taco first! It's more manageable to eat. And even though it's one order, you're probably going to be halfway full from it. - Any one of the zapatos: For those who want a heavier meal. The zapato is grilled tortilla bread with french fries, cheese, guac, and meat inside. A mix between a burrito and a panini. - Sangria: The best Sangria in San Francisco! It's ice cold and the texture resembles a blended berry smoothie.------------------------------I've always been able to find seats or a table. If downstairs is filled, go upstairs! Also, it's cash only but there's an ATM near the entrance.
Overall, I enjoyed this spot:Carne Asada Zapato - sort of like a grilled quesadilla/burrito wrap stuffed with meat, beans and guacamole. This was actually a bit bland to me considering there were so many ingredients in there. Maybe the meat needed to be seasoned a bit more for my taste or needed a salsa dipping sauce. The Pastrami Sando was great - flavorful and hearty. We also got the Carne Asada fries which were very good - tender and well-seasoned beef atop cheese on a bed of fries.This place is cash only and can easily get crowded...be prepared to have patience if it's busy.
Everything...literally everything is amazing! So excited to have found this place! Great, fun ambiance-super chill. What wasn't good?! Surf and turf, skirt steak, Thai prawn, ahi sando, best fries ever!! Strawberry beer killed it! New favesiez! Can't wait to come back! Thank you!!!
Everyone I know seems to be on the Garaje hype train. Finally went with some co-workers... and it was actually pretty good. They have great burgers, though I wasn't a big fan of any of the beers I tried. Very crowded, but literally everything in SF is crowded.
I was a bit overwhelmed by the menu here -make sure you grab a paper one as it has way more detail than the ones on the wall. That, combined with checking my Yelp app meant I ordered the grilled fish & guac, and the como se llama. Thankfully the guy taking my order had a sense of humour and forgave my Australian-ness when I pronounced it like the animal, a llama. I had chicken flavoured llama in my taco and also got a lemon, lime & bitters (Bundaberg is an Australian gem!).Food arrived quickly and in a flash I'd demolished the fish n guac. Fresh, light and a delicious grill flavour, this was something I would return to eat without a second thought. Then I moved onto the como se llama. Two tacos together - a hard shell corn taco wrapped in a soft shell taco, this was absolute messy bliss. I loved the hard corn taco and realised what I've been missing all my life. I can't fault any part of these dishes and loved having a flavour-packed lunch at this great spot. There's a good beer selection and a casual, relaxed atmosphere. You have to pay by cash but there's a cash machine/ATM on site so that shouldn't cause you any problems.
Finally got to come here, and I love it already. It took a while, but I now have a proper dive bar with good food. Yup, it's cash only, and the place is sticky, but it's a lovely sticky. Be warned though - you're in SOMA, so you're going to be paying SOMA prices, even if it's a dive bar. They say, "No crap on tap," and they mean it. They have some sick rotating beers on tap, and their food is on point. We're talking fried seafood of all sorts in sandwiches, tortas, and tacos. This place isn't even packed on game days. Just grab a menu, figure out what you want, pay for it with your cashier, and grab a seat. The Jose Wong salad is reminiscent of the starter salad you'd get at Chinese restaurants. Same flavor profile and everything. Brings me back. Portions are big too, so points for that. Now, if they could get a credit card machine or iPad. TVs abound for all those who don't want to pay ballpark prices, but still get that vibe.
Great "go2" join for Mexican Fusion. Nice ambiance.
To quote the Coasters: Down in Mexicali There's a crazy little place that I know Where the drinks are hotter, than the chili sauce And the boss is a cat named Joe...Thanks for indulging me - I hope that awesome song is stuck in your head for the rest of the day... you're welcome. Onto my review: Killer lunch spot! Cash only, though, but totally worth it. The line moves quickly and the laid back staff is super friendly. I enjoyed the Zapatos with steak - grilled burrito with steak, fries, and all kinds of grilled Mexicali goodness. I was also ogling my friends' meals - fried chicken sandwich and burger. Everyone enjoyed their wonderful food. I'll be back, but next time I'll be drinking lots of beer from their delightful selection and trying the Como Se Llama taco.
Great (somewhat hidden) lunch spot. The direct report who I brought with me thought I was taking him to a bar for lunch, good times (and I sort of was). Delicious tuna tacos, not too greasy, perfectly flavored.
One of my favorite post-work food/drinks places in SoMa. They've got great grub - delicious tacos, zapatos (panini-pressed burritos), cheeseburgers, and carne asada fries at fair prices (most $10 or less). The beer selection is fantastic as well. Highly recommend the maui coconut porter or the alpine pure hoppiness. Seating is tough to come across, but people seem to come and go rather quickly. Best spot in the house are the second-floor bar seats overlooking the restaurant, which gives a great view of the massive TV screen for giants or dubs games. Just a heads up, this place is CASH ONLY. They have an ATM in-house but expect fees.
Super cool spot! I met a friend here for lunch during the week and was so in love with everything going on. From the license plates all over the walls, to the second story seating, to the food service window, and the super chill vibes... my eyes were wandering all over the place while waiting in line -- which moved pretty fast!I had the el Mermaid, one of the vegetarian options on the menu (only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 was because of the lack of options for us veggies). It was beer battered cauliflower with some kind of amazing sauce and cheese and lettuce on a taco. Super yummy and very filling! I would really like to try the Zapatos, but read that they are all non-veg-friendly, so just watched my friend enjoy his. It's basically a panini/burrito combo (a burrito that was grilled and flattened somewhat) and was stuffed with cheesy, fries and other goodness. Definitely going to make it back for happy hour sometime soon!
Delicious. There were a group of us and we ordered a ton of food but what stood out the most to me was the ahi tuna taco, I wish this place was in LA so I could eat it more often. We stopped by on our way to Napa...it will definitely be a go-to spot when I visit San Fran!
I've been here once last week and ordered just a zapato with steak. It was more refried beans than I prefer. I tasted few pieces of steak scattered in between bites, but had mouthful of beans.. cheese and avocado were few in between and the tomato or pico de gallo was warm since the whole thing is grilled. Overall it was alright, edible. I was hoping for something similar two a quesadilla but that was not the case. For me, a lover of cheese and meat and fixings, a standard quesadilla suiza truly would have tasted better. The different hot sauces they carried was nice. Decor awesome and unique. Maybe I'll try the sandwiches or tacos another time and see if itll sway me.
I like Garaje. It just amazing with how much food over here that I can stuff in my belly for less than $20. Came here on a Friday night and it was pretty busy but we still managed to get a big table for our group. I came in knowing that that they were known for their Burgers and their Zapatos. Initially though, I just wanted to try their Drive In Cheeseburger and also try one of their Tacos.Drive In Cheeseburger -- bit.ly/1fPUTgj1/3 lb certified angus, double am cheese, griddled onions, pickles, lettuce, tomato, 1000 island, Acme bunI think I might have added a little too much on this burger with the fried egg, bacon, and jalapenos since it already had a lot of stuff in it already, but it was still awesome nonetheless. Definitely worth the try and if you're super hungry, make it a double!Como Se Llama? -- bit.ly/1fPUVoeCrisp corn taco shell wrapped with a cheesy flour tort spread with refritos and filled with chicken or steak, lettuce, pico and guac.This taco was ridiculous. I had mine with steak and it was amazing! I think it matches Nick's Way tacos in terms of size and price which was only $5. It's a freakin' double decker taco!! If you're looking for a good snack with some serious substance, get the Como Se Lllama!!A lot of food already right? Well, after killing the both the Cheeseburger and the Taco, I figured I still had some room left in my stomach and went back in line to order their Cali Steak Zapato.Cali Steak Zapato -- bit.ly/18DFV6DSkirt steak asada, jack, fries, avo, picoThis was good too, but my least favorite of the bunch. It's pretty much like a panini pressed burrito. Call me weird but I think after having so many CA Style Burritos, I've come to the conclusion that fries just don't work in burritos, but that's just my personal taste. I'd still order it again though if I was really hungry for an all-in-one meal.Took me a while to realize there was a 'secret menu' on the back of the regular menu. One thing I read off there which I'm really curious to try is the Fried Crab Sandwich. Unfortunately, after having a Cheeseburger, a Double Decker Taco, and and Grill Cali Burrito stuffed with Fries, I just didn't have anymore room and called it a night. Next time for sure!! Garaje is a really nice spot for some really good grub! If you're in the area, it would definitely be a good choice for lunch or dinner and not put a hole in your wallet.
Upon entering here, it was love at first sight. Delicious burgers and "Mexican" food in a trailer park chic setting? Sign me up for a lifetime membership.I tried the Double Cheeseburger with fries on my first visit. Good thing I had some cash in my pocket (which I usually don't), since this place is a Cash Only establishment.Word of warning. If you are planning on getting a Double based on the fact that you can consume an In-N-Out Double Double (like I was thinking), you are going to be underprepared. Each beef patty is nearly an inch thick cooked, so take that into consideration. Although I was able to devour the whole double, I'd probably settle for a single on normal occasions.On to taste... To me, I think without being too overly wordy, it tastes similar to In-N-Out burger but with some much appreciated upgrades. For one, the beef. Since it's so thick you get a more satisfying beefy taste and texture with each bite. Also, the bun is much higher quality, which helps hold the hold thing together. I don't know exactly what it is but it's like a brioche bun. It has the same accoutrements as an In-N-Out burger - chopped grilled onions, pickle, tomato, and a "special sauce". If there was one complaint, it's that I wish that there was a little more sauce, but other than that, this is my idea of a perfect burger. It might be my favorite here in the City. And the fries... wow. Really tasty. They are cut a little more on the thick side, but don't feel so heavy despite this. They are crispy and lighter than some other fries you may try at other places. I didn't need to add any ketchup or additional salt, which to me says something. I can't say enough about how good these fries are.As far as value is concerned, I certainly feel like I got my money's worth. My order came out to $12 (an even number since tax is included in the prices here). Compared to food trucks and other "high-end" burgers, this is probably one of the better values considering the quality of the food.Looking forward to trying their "Mexican" offerings on my future visits. (Although that may be tough, knowing that I'd be giving up the opportunity cost of the burger).
So delicious and always busy! The service is amazing for a place that is packed all the time. I order the salad (Lee's style) and it's so delicious. The fried chicken along deserves 5 stars.
Great place for happy hour! And meals! I even saw kids with their parents in here and it wasn't that absurd. The atmosphere is really relaxed and the food is awesome. Happy hour is from 3-7pm and crispy tacos (chicken, steak, or carnitas) are only $2. The zapatos are delicious and all the food items are reasonably priced.Order the sangria- it's my favorite. They also serve ginger beer. Plus.The max for each table is 4- you can possibly squeeze 6- but seating isn't too difficult to find.This place is cash only but there is an ATM by the door.
3.7 An amazing local little find practically under the freeway.Well executed design, the ambiance here is too cool....chill, low-lighting and decor to imitate a set for the movie Cars. Locals LOOOVE to come and patronize. I sure did as well. Very clean here, flat screens everywhere, & an awesome playlist of music, which works with the theme and enhances the experience. Prices are so reasonable for the City. A burger joint with Latin-inspired nuances and flavors/twists works for me! Grab menu at door or look at the board, order at counter, pay your dirty cash bills, and take the number to your table.Super kind cashier wrangling the wrong order. As a result, had no fries to accompany my burger for 5 minutes. That was a bummer.Though the cheeseburger had a wonderfully toasted Acme bun with loads of fixins, the cheese taste was lost and did not come through for me. Patty:there is a tight denseness to the patty that was my least favorite element. Flavor-wise, beef did not sing, as it so does at its neighbor, Super Duper. Carnitas fries were fresh! Not at all oversalted, as I feared is wont to do, great fresh scoop of guac on top of salsa, with shredded chunks of carnitas, over crispy, super hot, medium cut fries. Pork was a teeny bit dry and lacked that unctuouness ( like the brisket kind of fat coating joy).All in all, considering all factors, would so return...in a flash.
good beer and great tacos...seriously good tacos.long lines for beer...weird bar set up.tries toooo hard to be a dive bar. typical sf douche crowd..bring your own friends...
Awesome spot, low key, great music, awesome service. They ONLY except cash BUT they do have an ATM inside
Everything just melts in your mouth. Can't go wrong here.
i love this place! I didn't expect much out of the pressed burrito (zapato carnitas) but they were so delicious! I've tried amazing burritos and tacos in LA when I lived in socal and I have to say it's a different style of Mexican. The thai prawn tacos were unique and I thought was very creative and it was really cool how two flavors of Mexican and Thai went well together. The Cadillac tacos were a combo of steak and prawns which was also very good.Bring cash and expect to have that long line to move VERY slowly. I stated in line for about 20-25 min to get to the counter Friday night.
Garaje is a solid lunch option. They've got good beer and serve some consistently good food quickly. I've been coming here for a few years now and heir consistency during the lunch rush is impressive. I give them high marks for their cheeseburger too. I think it's one of the best in SoMa.
Super fun place. The host and cook were both really stellar people. I got the Rolls Royce. It was damn good. Steak was cooked perfectly. I never eat streak, but I figured I'd give this a try.
What a great lunch spot! There is a reason why there is line at this place - the food and drink selection is awesome! I had the Zapatos with Mojo Chicken, which is basically a grilled burrito and kind of resembles a panini since it is pressed. They had a great selection of beer, but I opted for their sangria because why not? It was very tasty, too! This place is pretty dark inside, so be prepared when you leave! MY EYES! Even my transition lenses can't adjust that quickly!**It was great meeting up with some of my Seattle buds that live in The City! Great choice, Katie S.!CASH ONLYI really liked their beer board:  _______________________________________  |                                       |  |                                       |  |  IDIOT IPA                   MAUDITE  |  |  DOGGIE STYLE PALE ALE      CHIMAY  |  |  GREEN FLASH IPA         KONIG PILS  |  |                                       |  |                                       |  |              NO CRAP ON TAP          |  |                                       |  |______________________________________ |
Garaje is hands down my favorite lunch or happy hour in SoMa. The decor is one of a kind with paraphernalia related to everything from cars to movies to music. The atmosphere is somewhere between a sports bar with all of the TVs and a dive bar with the low lights and chill ambiance, but with all the great food and beer selection on tap, I also wouldn't hesitate to describe Garaje as a gastropub. However, it does get busy during lunch and happy hour, so finding a seat can be difficult (it's open seating), especially when there's a Giants game.The food here is always phenomenal, whether you're ordering the Mexican fare or you're getting something more American like the burger. They have everything from your basic street tacos to a seared Ahi tuna taco. My personal favorites though are the Zapatos, the street tacos, and the Carnitas fries. A Zapatos is to a burrito as a panini is to a sandwich, slightly pressed and grilled which gives the tortilla those nice grill marks. The Cali Steak is my favorite with its thick cut fries and tender, flavorful Carne Asada. The one down side is that if you have a big appetite like me, the Zapatos probably won't be enough to fill you up, but that's where the street tacos and Carnitas fries come in.The street tacos here are not as cheap as you'd find at a shady taco truck at $3 or $4 apiece, but they are just as delicious piled with meat, salsa, cilantro, onion, and slivers of radish. I always have a hard time deciding between the Mojo chicken, carnitas, and carne asada, and sometimes just opt for one of each.Last but definitely not least are the Carnitas fries. These thick cut french fries are topped with melted cheese, a healthy serving of Carnitas, fresh guacamole, and salsa. To top it off, I always add a fried egg on all of that. The Carnitas here is almost always juicy and tender with just enough fat to make it delicious but not make me hate myself afterwards. My favorite part about making a trip to Garaje with friends is having people to share this with.Also, if you like your food spicy, Garaje also has all kinds of hot sauce available, ranging from Tapatio to Sriracha.And of course, what's a meal like this without some quality beer on tap? Garaje has a rotating tap of something like a dozen craft beers, so no matter what kind of beer you enjoy, you're bound to find something you like. The staff are extremely helpful and knowledgeable with helping you pick a beer, and they're always happy to provide samples of the beers as well. If you're not a beer drinker, they also always have sangria on tap too!
Best dive bar food in SF. Must get the mojo chicken tacos, so delicious! Just remember, cash only here (but there's an ATM near the entrance).
I loved this place. . My friends and I were starving and when we saw the line we were almost going to leave. But, we didn't. And I'm so glad. It was crowded, but the food. Amazing and the service so quick. We had food within 5 min of ordering. The staff was on it and the seemed to only be 4 or 5 workers. We will be back. . We had tacos, pulled pork sandwich, carnitas fries, sangria and beer.. all recommended.
Excellent beer selection and their zapatos are my favorite! Working nearby, I try to go at least once a week. But get there early before the noon rush!
I've been here a couple times and the food was really good.The line gets really long, so I'd recommend coming early or just practicing patience. We got the ahi tuna, grilled fish and guac, tilapia and carnita tacos. We also got chips with some meat on it, but can't remember what it was. Not the best place for dieters, but definitely a place to check out for taco loving fatties. Don't forget ca$h!
HANDS DOWN THE BEST RESTAURANT I'VE BEEN TO SINCE MOVING TO SF!Now that I've gotten my excitement out of the way, let me reiterate: Garaje is amazing! The food, the atmosphere, the beer! We had no idea what we were in for the first time we went, but I am so glad we stumbled upon the place!Their burgers are phenomenal, and the large beers are so big they made my boyfriend and I feel like hobbits drinking pints. Definitely check this place out! We walked right past it the first time, so pay attention to where you're going, it's so worth it!
"Yo that stuff ain't even real, man. That ain't even Mexico (Meh He Ko)."               -My Mexican FriendThe added Spanish accent made it that much more condescending to a Taco-Bell lover like myself. But no more. I got a couple of check-ins at Garaje and I'm ready to rock the world.Garaje's Mexican food are fresh and wholesome. They have this Burrito Pannini thing that's off the heezy. It's truly something special when I can clearly distinguish the ingredients stuffed in my tortilla. Fresh guac, hot meat, and that luscious cheese. The Fish Taco deserves a shoutout too. Simple and clean like Utada Hikaru. Just a monster piece of beer battered fish on top of a tortilla. Add lime as needed. Wash it down with a variety of $4 beer. According to this cool trendy girl that I know, many of these beers are highly rated too.I can now pop a Jarrito's in front of my Mexican friend and proudly suggest to eat at Garaje without looking like a rookie :)
Can I just say Yaaaaassss hunty. The asada fries at this place killed me and then gave me life again. I originally came to Garaje with co-workers. I was expecting good food because of the reviews on Yelp and it came highly recommended. Everybody was right Garaje is delicioso. From my first sentence you can probably deduce that I ordered Carne asada fries. I ordered asada fries because I feel you can accurately judge the quality of a California Mexican food joint by 1 of 3 things; their fish tacos, their California burrito or their asada fries. It's complicated how I came to this conclusion but I got there.  Welp, let me tell you, Garaje did not did not disappoint. Every bite of my food had the perfect amount of seasoning. They gave me a lot of food so I could not even comprehend the notion of finishing.The decor at Garaje was unique. It reminded me of my uncles motorcycle repair shop. I guess its fitting because the literal meaning of Garaje in English is garage. There were license plate, signs, headlights etc... I liked the concept.I can't too much speak on my interaction with the staff because I just told someone what I wanted and they placed the order for our whole group. What I can say is that Garaje was packed. So ,seeing the crowd and these reviews on Yelp I think it's safe to say that people in the area love Garaje and with dern good reason.(p.s I totally meant to say dern).
Cadillac taco and surfer vero. You won't be disappointed. A good selection of beers...Good place for lunch or dinner on a budget.Your date will like the posters and car paraphernalia. Tvs showing European soccer (if you like things such as this)Good place
We heard about Garaje watching "Cheap Eats in San Francisco" as we prepared for our coastal exchange vacation. SO not disappointed! The Prawn Tacos are delicious & the flavors VERY unique. I would be lying if I said we didn't go back twice in the same day! The atmosphere is super interesting & the service was great. The pictues speak volumes...
The restaurant is pronounced "Gaa-rah-hey" Okay!I was here twice in a month. My first visit came after another wild night of hardcore drinking with many cool yelpers from an elite event nearby.One yelper who works nearby and also a regular at this new restaurant say the tacos, burgers, Cali-burrito, Cali Fries and tapped beers are the popular items here. After a night of drinking many free cocktails from the elite event, the last item I would definitely want is "beer". So I opted to order the Carne Asada Fries. For $8.00, I get grilled and cut up steak cubes, creamy guacamole and melted cheese over fries. Not too many Bay Area restaurants offer the unique side dish. But I think this restaurant's version is just as good as any taquerias in San Diego. Maybe being drunk is also another reason why the side dish tasted good. Fries: yelp.com/biz_photos/garaAs I was eating my fries, that same yelper suggested to me to try the grilled Cali-burrito. I guess it is no secret that I like devouring burritos. So I came back yesterday with my daughter for dinner. We ordered that Carne Asada fries again and the Cali Carne Zapatos. For $8.00, the burrito has the meat and usual filling in a pressed and flattened like Panini-style in a flour tortilla. Despite being smaller than your typical burrito you will find in many taquerias, I still find the grilled tortilla a difference maker. We were enjoying our dinner and watching Monday Night Football. Our meal: yelp.com/biz_photos/garaDespite having a limited selection on the menu, the food was exceptional. After my detox, I may also come back and try one of many brews on tap.  Bring cash, because that is all the restaurant accepts.
This place is definitely a hole in the wall. My group of friends and I decided to try this place after finding it on yelp, as we had time before the Kaskade concert. The food was just crazy good; the meat was tender and the crab cake had a fresh flavor. Only downfall of this place is that its cash only.
Great food great drinks great location. I had the Zapato de Carne Asada Yummi Yummi yeah the meat is real good quality not nerves or fat included the cheese is melting until you eat the last part of the meal the avocado adds great flavor to the Zapato and the bean they use is just amazing flavor. The beer I love is Chimay Blue and the price is just so affordable compare to other restaurants, only thing I don't like about the place is too crowded so be ready to wait in line until you get a chance to order and good luck finding a place where to seat, but if you really want great food this is the place to visit and is worth every penny.
I had a Drive In Cheeseburger the over day and it just didn't taste right . The hamburger meat it's self had a weird taste to it like it was bad meat. And on top of that the burger was sloppy and the lettuce was soggy. After I left there I wasn't feeling well and I'm pretty sure it was from this place. I thought this place was worth a try but boy was I wrong. Next time I will try one of many eaters in the area.
Let's be real - after playing football and ultimate frisbee for two hours, anything food you shove in your mouth will taste good. But the food from Garaje? Straight awesome.I got crazy dave's double cheeseburger, and it did not disappoint. Two fat, juicy patties slammed between cheese, grilled onions, and the usual toppings. What's more impressive is that the bun that this monstrosity was sandwiched between wasn't soggy. +1 for fresh buns.The fish tacos my friend got were huge, and the sauce that came with it had a nice kick to it. Definitely one of the largest serving sizes I've seen for fish tacos in SF.This isn't a place you should take your grandma unless she likes loud music and a bunch of young adults having a great time with their friends. But if she does like that kind of vibe, take her here. Take her now.
My new go-to spot in SOMA for good / cheap eats and great beer. It is usually crowded but there are two levels / standing room on the upper floor. When you walk in, you place your drink and/or food order (NOTE - cash only but they do have an ATM). They give you the drink immediately and a number you place on your table for the food. The best part, they are SO fast.For food, I recommend their fish tacos, any of their zapatos, sandos, fried crab anything, and burgers. As for drinks, try! They have a large and rotating selection of beers and offer sangria as well. If you like one in particular, get the liter size of it.
Very cool place with good food. The line can be crazy long over lunch but it is worth the wait.I love the hot sauce bar!
Great food, atmosphere and a perfect post hike weekend brunch spot.
This place fills up at 5 sharp! The best time to go is 10 to 5 or later, like at nine (although I think the kitchen closes pretty early). The tuna sando is AMAZING. You can only order up front, so if you see a long line behind you, go ahead and order a full liter of beer so you're good for a while! The place is not cozy like other slightly hidden places in SF but the atmosphere is still fun and rowdy. People basically come here for the amazing food.
Best tacos in SF hands down. Tacolicious looks like crap next to this place!Been here about 4 times now and every time I am thoroughly pleased. CASH ONLY but there is an ATM machine inside if you forget. Note that 1 taco is pretty filling so just order one at a time if you are not too sure. The beer battered tilapia taco is fantastic and extremely fresh. The diced up lettuce is thinly sliced, crunchy and freshly chopped. I can't emphasize how fresh these tacos are. Yes they seem a bit pricey for one taco (around $6) but honestly you get what you pay for.Also- the carne asada fries are orgasmic. Hot, meaty, cheesy, crunchy? A definite must if you come here! People are raving about this item for a reason :) Their sangria is also the bomb. Seriously- I couldn't rave any higher for this place.There are numerous TV screens so this place would be idea to watch sunday football or college basketball or essentially any sport! Well worth trying this place if you can find it ;-)
Can't remember why, but had this place bookmarked to try for awhile. I finally got to come last night, where a friend and I shared a cali steak zapatos, and the cadillac and seared tuna + avocado tacos. Both the steak and prawns on the cadillac were super overcooked. The tuna + avocado was okay, but neither of the tacos had any seasoning on them. The cali steak zapatos was a saving grace, but I'm not sure if I can say if it was actually good or if it was just better than the other two. Service was lacking - except for the security guy, who was super cool - everyone else didn't seem to want to be there. We actually walked past it at first, because it's hard to spot unless you're *really* looking for it. The interior of the place had an interesting concept and it was nice that they had cell phone chargers at the booths.It's unlikely that I would come back again, but it wasn't so terrible that I wouldn't ever give it a second shot should any friends want to try it as well.
Came here expecting to eat some fusion like tacos (small and expensive), and got burrito sized portions which left me unable to finish my meal. So lesson to those who think they can finish 3 tacos and half a zapato, you've been warned! The atmosphere is pretty cool, great place for happy hour bc they have a wide range of beer. My favorite item was probably the carne asada fries with a fried egg. Definitely coming back. Make sure you don't go with a large group though, its not the largest place.
Great tacos and beer selection. Tried the ahi taco, Baja taco, and Thai shrimp. All tasted great.
We came for our pre-gaming for a Giants game looking for happy hour. Sadly there is NOT happy hour anymore! The reviews that list it must be old and outdated. Having said that, the regular prices are very affordable so we were happy. This joint is very divey -- you wouldn't even know it was there unless you looked closely for the name and the inside is super hipster, with lots of old movie posters, but also as many TV's as any sports bar. We got there a couple hours before the game and it was empty. An hour later there was a line 20 people long! I guess it's not a well kept secret. The workers were extremely friendly and helped us chose awesome drinks since most are from microbrews that we'd never heard of. We also got a fried fish taco (tastes exactly as you'd expect, with super fresh fried crust and not too heavy slaw to balance it out), another taco that I don't remember much about since I had it a couple drinks in (but it was good!), and chips/salsa (not much to write about here - tasted like double fried chips and more of a watery salsa, but also good for 3 bucks).Overall the value was great! Each of our drinks was 6 bucks, chips/salsa 3, and the tacos were around 4-5 each. Overall, Garaje was exactly what we were looking for before our Giants game! True there wasn't happy hour, but honestly the prices were probably still cheaper than the happy hour at other places. It is only about an 8 minute walk to the stadium and we had way better quality food than anything you could get at the park! And if you didn't get tickets, I'd think you find some pretty fun people to watch the game with here.
Tasty food, good selection of beer, relaxing environment, friendly staff and good price for the neighborhood! Can't ask for more :) oh I like sitting on the second floor watching how our food is made in the kitchen :)
One of my Top 3 favorite Mexican spots in SF area.Great spot. Fun atmosphere. Perfect for after work.Order a Zapato. Don't ask, just get it. Zapato.
Ordered the Cali Steak Zapato and Slushy Sangria. Zapato was tasty indeed. It was like an Americanized version of Mexican burrito, but in the disguise of a panini. In pictures, that zapato looks filling, but nope. I ate that in 1-sitting and was content, so folks with bigger appetites may want to order more. Slushy Sangria was good, got me there, but it's a tad bit too sweet. Great for din before a game @ AT&T Park. It gets quite crowded on game days, so be prepared for the crowds. It's super casual, kinda grunge. And remember, it's cash only!!
Amazing beer battered fish tacos! Having lived in San diego for 5 years, I have not found a comparable mexican place in NorCal- this may just be the closest thing.The Garage-themed decor is colorful and fitting for the type of food, and combined with the music gives the place a very casual, hip vibe- perfect for after-work drink and tacos. I would definitely recommend coming here early to avoid the 6pm dinner rush. We got here at 5:45 on a wednesday, and by the time we ordered and sat down, the line was almost out the door. What we ordered: Salsa with chips + Guac: the salsa was good, not very spicy (which my friend liked). I thought the guacomole could have used a little more taste, but it was very fresh and i loved the chunky bits. Cali Steak burrito: I've never see a panini style- burrito, but it worked! Steak was well seasoned and they had a awesome proportion of fries, cheese, avocado, and meat. I do wish they mixed the fillings up a bit more- my friend got a huge mouthful of avocado in one bite, and all meat in another. Beer battered fish taco: this was my favorite- probably the biggest fish taco I've had. The creamy sauce and lettuce perfectly complimented the fried fishThe only Con: Because we were coming for first time, we had no idea if we we should seat ourselves, or where we were supposed to order. Took us a while to figure out to go to the back and order at the register. would be helpful to have some sort of sign in the front for first-timers "Hey you-order in the back, seat yourselves"Overall decent place- highly recommend, and will definitely be back to try their other items!
Their zappatos are a perfect blend of quesadilla and burritoI'd go here any day instead of getting a korrito (referencing a fusion burrito/Korean food)Their chips and salsa are also pretty radTheir guac tips everything over, making it Michael Jackson badTheir lines are long, but they do go fastAnd look for their sign on the outside wall, because it's easy to miss and passBut go here you must, the inside is super hipand remember, order the guac, pico and chips!Yo, this place is awesome! When you enter in, it's super hipster, trendy, and cool. The Zappatos, are like a hybrid burrito and quesadilla, but dang, it's good. Got the Cali with the fries and steak, and boy was that steak tasty. Their fries aren't bad as well. A perfect blend though would be a Zappatos and chips/salsa with added guac. They give you plenty so you can buy it for your friends and be a hero.Definitely a place I will be visiting again.
This place? Super good.I wanted to go a bit fatter than I usually do so I ended up getting two tacos (Baja Fish and Carnitas) as well as the Carne Asada Fries to share with my buddy.The Baja Fish was really good. The only gripe I might have with it was that the oil kind of leaked into my mouth when I bit it and chewed which grossed me out a bit but I guess I can't complain too much since you can't order fish deep fried in oil and complain about the oil afterwards. The lettuce and the chipotle mayo complimented the fish perfectly and even masked most of the oil.The Carnitas taco was pretty decent, as well! It wasn't the best I've ever had but it wasn't anything to complain about.Carne Asada fries were phenomenal! They are very generous with their guacamole and their carne asada was super tender and seasoned generously, as well. The cheese was everywhere and oozed everywhere and I was just in heaven every time I took a bite of this.The thing I loved the most from this place, however, was probably their red sangria. They have the best sangria I've had so far. You can taste everything from the wine to the fruits to the juice... everything.Conclusion: If it were just the tacos, I probably wouldn't come back since it's pretty far from where I live but since they also have the fries and the sangria, I would come back if any of my buddies wanted drinks and tacos.
Drop in after a game you won't. Be disappointed try there pullpork sandwich. Yumo. Also super cheap.
While this is a popular spot pretty much any time I've visited (lunch, happy hour, or evening), I appreciate their range of options (from the I-can't-believe-this-is-under-$8 to the OK-I'm-feeling-decadent-let's-spend-$15). The Zapatos are a solid choice, my favorite being the Cali Steak. It's not even close to a shoe! Think "burrito-meets-panini" and you have the idea. I tried but didn't love the fried crab sandwich, but that could be my personal preference for fresh crab. Yeah, the line's a bummer, but the food comes out surprisingly quick, all things considered, and the staff seems mostly cheerful. I'm also charmed that Garaje is upfront about what this place is-- or isn't. "Vegetarians beware: The refritos are delicious because they're made with lard" is actually on the menu. So it's not for everyone, but you can't say they didn't warn you.
I've wanted to try Garaje for almost a year now and I finally got to try it one night with some friends! :) The restaurant is pretty spacious with booth seatings and tables downstairs and upstairs. Their menu offers Mexican food and burgers with a great selection of beers. You first order at the counter in the back, they'll then give you a number, you find a seat, and then they'll bring the food to you. Prices are decent so you will not leave here hungry.Cali Steak Zapato - Comes with carne asada, avocado, pico, and fries in a flour tortilla. Really delicious. It's like a burrito and quesadilla all in one, but pressed down in a panini. I have had California Burritos before and those are way too heavy and messy for me. BUT, the Cali Steak Zapato was NOT heavy. It was just perfect! The meat was very yummy, meaty, and juicy. It wasn't too cheesy nor messy. Each bite was filled with flavors. I love how the tortilla is grilled on the outside which added a crunch to each bite. You can't go wrong ordering this!Carne Asada Fries - My friend had ordered this and we all shared them. This is a good portion to share around with the fries, but I don't think I would ever just order this alone to eat by myself. Unfortunately, I wasn't too wowed by the fries here. I think I just didn't like the type of fries that went with it. Plus, the fries were not as crispy as I had wanted them to be.
5 stars specifically for the ahi tuna taco. My highest praise for food typically goes like this, "I would cry if I couldn't have this for another 5 years." I honestly don't say it very often, but I recently said this in Garaje. The ahi itself comes in a fairly thick slice and is accompanied by a generous scoop of guacamole. Combined, it is what I like to call "heaven on earth." I will definitely become a regular here.
Effing amazing. A must try. Had the chicken zapato and Cali skirt steak zapato. Both were delicious, very reasonably priced. Also, they have a great craft beer selection.
This place is so good! We came here after our run for some good food and a beer and we were not disappointed. They have plenty on tap for everyone. I had the Surfer Leo zapato and it was the perfect size and tasted so good! I'd definitely order it again. BF had the crispy crab burger and that was yummy too. I tried two other zapatos (forgot what they were called) but the Surfer Leo was the best. One downside is that they only take cash! BRING CASH. Also, this place can get crowded for dinner. Our party of 4 sat at the communal table and it was fine. I'd come back!
These guys are playful with their beers but they don't fuck around! Currently drinking the collective wisdom of three philosophers. I want their beer glass collection too.Fish tacos are always solid, crab sando is on a bun and was good with its kinda-spicy aioli sauce, even as a to-go item. That's right I took a bite while there and finished at home FYE.Definitely gets packed in here, though I've always found a table. Music isn't intrusive. Great casual atmosphere. If you park around here, and yes there's a bit of parking, make sure your shit isn't visible thru the windows.Cash only, there's an ATM machine inside.Wow, just noticed there are Lightning and micro USB cables at the tables along the wall! Apparently installed a couple months ago, but the one at my table was broken.
Great Beer, Great Sandwiches, Great Tacos, Great Quesadillas.Relaxed decor, seating, good music, not too loud.What's not to love?
What a cool spot, so well hidden. Yes there are restaurants on this block, but I didn't expect to walk through a small entryway and enter a busy, bustling place (and at 7pm on a Thursday!) that's somewhere in between a sports bar, dive bar, and taqueria. Whatever it is, I felt immediately at home, and I knew I'd want to come back.We only had 30 minutes and that was enough time to stand in line, order, wait for our food, eat, and head out the door. We could've easily spent hours there as well, the vibe was so great. Love that the round tables on the side come with a charger too - only iPhone 5 though =(. Android pride lives strong! Cost: ~$35 total for 2 drinks, 1 taco, 1 burger, 1 side. A light dinner for two.* Sangria - 4.5 starsThey mix their sangria with ice and blend it right when you order. Makes for a really great drink that has that thicker margerita-like texture with the fresh fruit flavors of a red sangria. You could even taste the (blackberry?) seeds and could barely taste the alcohol - just the way I like my drinks! It's on the pricey side though - $7 for 1/3 of a wine glass full. But it was really, really tasty. * Steak Como Se Llama - 4 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/gara(Crisp corn taco shell wrapped with a cheesy flour tort spread with refritos and filled with chicken or steak, lettuce, pico and guac. $5)I loved the soft & hard taco combo. This was a great fatty mess, and the refried beans between the two tacos are subtle and act as an edible glue that turns the tacos into one large thick piece with a soft dough-y and a crunch part. The guac was amazing, chunky, though not well distributed (they just plop a giant dollop on the very top in the middle. You have to work at getting a bit into each bite). The steak was really great too, with thick and softy yet hearty pieces.* Southern Fried Chicken sandwich - 3.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/garaLegit spicy! Though the chicken itself was on the dry side. But the breading was thick and has that good crunch that's not too crispy. The bread wasn't memorable - it was lighly toasted but also not the freshest bun I've had with a burger.* Jalapeno cole slaw - 2.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/garaNot too impressive. It's actually quite light on the mayo and not bad, kind of a slight sweet flavor. I wouldn't mind it if it were a free side, but both of us couldn't believe this was something you pay for - usually if cole slaw comes as a side I assume it's gotta be really impressive. It also wasn't spicy at all.
Went here for lunch the other day and was intrigued when we walked-in, since I'd heard about it from fellow co-workers. The place was packed and the atmosphere and vibe were awesome. Even though the line was long, it moved well and the staff were great. One minute I was in line, the the next I'm ordering. Ordered the Drive-in Cheeseburger and added fries. When they brought my meal, I was surprised to see how large the burger was. Can't imagine how big the double must be, but might have to try it sometime. Fries were cooked perfectly with a crisp on the outside.  The burger was tasty and lived-up to all the hype. Might be my new burger joint in SOMA.
Ok I honestly have no idea why I have yet to write a review for this place, it's been my Friday go-to lunch spot for about a year now. Nary a second goes by from the moment I spring awake on a Friday at 6:53am where I don't think about that beautiful, gorgeous zapato that I will be devouring a few short hours from now. It is simply delightful. A little piece of heaven on these SoMa streets. I'd go so far as to say that I'd rock bottom my girlfriend through a table for a cali steak zapato, it's that serious. Whatever you do, just go here. You shan't leave disappointed.
Came here about two hours before a Giants game at about 5 PM, as it was starting to get crowded with the after work crowd. Ordered the single cheeseburger and it was delicious. My brother ordered the carnitas taco and it was also delicious.Will definitely come back to try the other items on the menu.
I love this place normally, but dear god, just had 24 hours of food poisoning from the ahi tuna sandwich. I considered all other possible causes. All signs (and I don't want to get too explicit) pointed to that damn ahi sandwich!Garaje, please check your ahi tuna and mayo (on cole slaw topping) for E. coli and Staph aureus! Make sure employees handling food wash hands after going to the bathroom. Is the temp of your walk-in low enough?UPDATE: I GAVE IT ANOTHER CHANCE, AND IT HAPPENED AGAIN!
The grilled fish tacos = mouthgasm (eat two and you'll be stuffed)This place is a hidden gem. On the outside it looks like a regular restaurant. On the inside it's an awesome place full of cool stuff all around ranging from license plates to vintage signs. Can't wait to go back and sample the beer selection.
I got the grilled fish taco as well as a steak and shrimp taco. Both were so delicious and pretty filling too! Great place, avoid the line at peak lunch hour if you can but it's definitely worth it!
What a find! So glad that my friends picked this place for dinner the other night. And it was a good thing we got there early because the place fills up fast and the line to order goes almost all the way to the door.1. Sangria... it was like a sweet (but not too sweet) fruity, winey slushy. It was awesome.2. Ahi tuna taco. Perfectly seared tuna with tasty veggies. It was perfect.3. Shrimp taco with Thai peanut sauce. Very interesting and tasty as well. Decor was fun---I went in thinking it was roadster mexican diner, but the menu was very seafood fusion.FUN!
Great place, very crowded but very cheap for SF. Food is simple and to die for!Nice beer list :). Try the zapato (tacos are great too)
Went there Wednesday night. Got a ahi and el camino taco. The ahi taco was good with the big chunk of tuna, it hit the spot. I want with the el camino taco because I didn't want a spicy Thai prawns taco. The prawns and steak mix gave some good flavoring to the taco. Both were great and I would go back again.
Ummm, I can't get over this place. I've been craving the Surfer Leo (a quesadilla-burrito hybrid, stuffed with tilapia, avocado, fries, and other delicious goodness) ever since I ate here last week. And I don't even like seafood! A+This place was completely packed on a Friday night, so make sure to get here early. AND don't miss out on their house-made sangria -- it's to die for, crushed berries and all.
Came back to Garaje and I love this place!Garaje has a great atmosphere -- easy, simple, almost like a hole-in-the-wall diner with a 1950s feel. They clearly care about serving great, no-frills food and drinks at a great price. Most of their menu is Mexican and Americana fare. Their zapatos are great: sort of a panini crossed with a burrito, yum.. try the Cali steak! The burgers and tacos are pretty good as well (tried a bit of my friend's Camino taco and it was delicious!).As they say, "no crap on tap" -- they like their beer. As a non-beer drinker, can't speak to that, but their blended sangrias are interesting, fruity, and yum!Great place to go for a casual meal.. will be back :)
There's something splendid about a simple burger living in a world of burgers dressed to the nines. It's not uncommon around town to find our beefy besties stacked three patties high and topped with peanut butter and jelly these days. Sure you can add a little flair here with a fried egg or bacon, but the stock version at Garaje does it right... back to the basics, baby! The line at lunch most certainly will be long when you walk in but use your time wisely and keep your eyes open for a table. When something opens up, throw your buddy a few bucks to place the order for you and grab the real estate while it's available. After that things move relatively quickly and before you know it you'll have both hands full of that burger. Beef, bun, lettuce, tomato, cheese and grilled onions... all you need. I've said it before in my reviews and will say it again. A burger cooked on a grill that also cooks Mexican food all day must be a secret held tight in the restaurant biz. Some of the best burgers come from Mexican joints and that is the only reason I can think of. The pattie grabs those seasonings intended for meat that should be wrapped in a tortilla and makes produces a fine tasting burger. Garaje is not even in my top ten simple burgers of all time but definitely isn't in my bottom twenty either. It's just good! A side of fries and a Mexican style Coke make for a quality lunch experience... next time I try the Mexican side of the menu!
This is a great place for a large group. Call ahead and see if you can book the upstairs, considering all of the companies in the area it seems like it is available fairly often. They will give you some wristbands to mark who belongs with the group and there is a little chain over the stairs to keep it a bit more private.The beer selection has a good variety, with most of the "nice beer" staples that guarantees there is something for everyone. For someone like myself who isn't a die hard IPA fan like many people in the Bay, they have a great selection of Porters to choose from as well. I got the tacos (Steak and Ahi Tuna). The steak was a good steak taco, nothing much to add beyond that. The Ahi taco was a good experiment but I wouldn't order it again. I hate to say it, but maybe it the cut of tuna was a bit smaller (it's a good size chunk) the tuna might not overwhelm all the other flavors.I found the line line to order moves fast, considering how long it looks from the outside from the outside.A solid choice to grab a beer and some food with a friend after work.
Garaje is a very cool, unassuming local place that you're definitely not going to find bewildered or bumbling tourists at. From its humble facade to its interesting decor of cathedral ceilings-meet garage-meet grunge, if you're looking for an authentic San Francisco lunch experience, I can't imagine there's a better place than this (especially considering the line was out the door a little past noon; so word to the wise?, go a few minutes before the bell tolls twelve).On the recommendation of a friend, I got the zapato. What is a "zapato"? Well, children, when a burrito and a quesadilla love each other very much, they decide to make sweet love. And the product of that is a cross-breed (a.k.a. a zapato, which is a much cooler name than a "buridilla" or "quesito") that's grilled, than lives out it's life to serve our hunger needs.When I got to the counter I asked if they could do a vegetarian zapato (the only real negative here, in my opinion, is that they're seriously lacking vegetarian options... some tempeh on this menu would be great!). Anyway, not only could they (and do already), but the guy made sure to tell me that the beans they normally use are made with lard. So he swapped them out for a different bean. And then - despite the rapidly growing line behind me - he paused thoughtfully for a second, then said, "How else can we make this rock for you?" He started listing off all the additional veg-friendly options they had on hand that they could easily include in my lunch.In the end, I basically got to enjoy a personalized, one-of-a-kind zapato.While waiting for our food, we watched a server wander around with a basket of carne asada fries. In the end, he couldn't find who they belonged to and gave them to our table for free. I have never seen such pretty, delicate girls like the ones I was sitting with DESTROY a plate of food like that before (where is Discovery Channel when you need them? It was like watching beautiful creatures in the wild do things that people think they don't... like gorgeous women stuffing their faces). So - without even having ever tried them - I can tell you with great confidence that you should absolutely, without a doubt try the carne asada fries.My zapato eventually came, and it was delicious. So much going on in my mouth - between the avocado, cabbage, corn, black beans, pico de gallo - all extremely fresh tasting, by the way - every bite was a different blend of excellently balanced flavors. It was slightly wet towards the end which was a bit of a turn off, but I would absolutely come here again!
Holy moly. Here I am, a flightless baby bird in the big wide world of Yelp HQ -- San Francisco, CA. And on our first day of Newbie Boot Camp, we traipse a few blocks down to Garaje, where we're treated with a boardwalk-style menu and a lot of delicious-sounding options. After referring to the many glowing reviews of this join that serves both Mexican food and burgers, I actually end up opting for the fish and chips off the secret menu. It was probably the best decision ever.Garaje's beer-battered fish is light, crispy, and moist -- honestly, it's better than more than half the chippers I visited in Ireland! Their fries are delicious. A truly delicious dish that you would never expect to get in a place like Garaje. By a twist of fortuitous fate, we had an order of the carne asada fries delivered to our table, since the kitchen made an extra one, and it was AWESOME. I mean, it's a basket of fries piled high with carne and guacamole and cheese soooo, it was kind of born to be epic. And it definitely delivered.Garaje is the definition of fast casual, with tables strewn about and a lunch queue that grew pretty damn quick. But I can definitely say that the next time I'm back in SF, I will most definitely be back. After all, I have tacos and burgers to try!5 VERY enthusiastic thumbs up!
Maybe I'm too accustomed to Southern California tacos but the ones at Garanje just didn't cut it. With that said the atmosphere was a bit gritty and seemed like a fun place you kick back with friends for a couple drinks/beers. Here is what was ordered among two decently hungry friends.Chicken taco: A bit dryAhi taco: Fish was okay but cabbage was hard (not dressed enough)Steak Zapato: Best thing on the menu. It's like a hot pocket meets a burrito/taco.Sangria: A non-traditional icy concoction. Tasted like the slushie version of red wine. Okay--not my fave.Total: $25 even (tax included on listed prices)Overall, I liked the vibe but it was a bit expensive, not the authentic Mexican food I'm accustomed to, and some misses.
A coworker brought me here for the first time last week, and today I went for a second time with more coworkers to spread the Garaje love. This place rules. The line is out the door every time, but it moves relatively swiftly and the wait is worth it. I tried the Maverick Zapato on the secret menu, which is a soft shell crab wrapped up with Garaje's version of a burrito: fries, jack cheese, avocado and chipotle mayo (I think, if I remember correctly) and then pressed panini-style. It was crispy, and cheesy, and just so good. The only problem was that I ate it so fast that I was sad I didn't have more. The sangria was exactly like they describe on the menu: a little slushy, slightly sweet and very refreshing. I've never had sangria out of a tap before, but I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. Not too sweet!Today I ordered the Cadillac taco (which is not on the menu- I saw Yelp reviewers had ordered one, so I asked for one and sure enough) and a seared ahi tuna taco with a side of fries. It was a LOT of food. They do not skimp on the taco portions here, folks. Not in the least. The Cadillac taco I swear weighed 2 and a half pounds. It consisted of two tortillas with melted cheese in between, holding a decent amount of marinated steak, 3 or 4 grilled shrimp, a massive amount of guacamole, some kind of sauce and garnished with shredded radish. This, my friends, could've been a meal just in itself. But wait! There's more! The ahi tuna taco had probably a 5 oz hunk of beautifully seared medium rare ahi tuna (which is about the same size as a $20 entree-sized portion in any other restaurant) wrapped with two corn tortillas (that were smaller than the Cadillac tortillas) cabbage, pico, a bit of avocado and that delightful radish garnish. This one was a nightmare to eat, but was so delicious, so who cares? It's all going to the same spot anyways. I'm not one to subtract stars for a messy eat. It's a taco. They're messy. If you don't get a little messy while eating a taco, you're doing it wrong, or your taco isn't good enough. The $2 side of fries I ended up sharing with my coworkers because I was so stuffed from the tacos. Yes- stuffed. From two tacos. And I'm a hearty eater. The fries were fried perfectly though...lightly crispy, just a bit of salt, hot and soft in the middle. Bonus: supposedly there are chargers at the tables, although both times I've been here I've eaten upstairs in their sunny balcony area and not at the tables. But this is good to know, being that I'm that annoying person always looking for an outlet to plug my phone in. The staff is friendly, the food is on point, the atmosphere is fun...it's just a great place to go and watch a game over some beer and grub with some friends, or grab lunch with some coworkers when the Mexican food gods beckon. Also, CASH ONLY. But, for those of us who forget, they have an ATM in-house. Nice job, guys.
My friend recommended this place and I am so glad she did! Great selection of good beer (and even a cider and sangria if beer isn't your thing!). I got the carne asada fries and was not disappointed. I think there was a whole steak on top of my fries with a ton of guacamole! I was very happy. Came with a couple friends and we didn't have any trouble finding a place to sit. This place is cash only!
Came here because it was close to our hotel and it looked like a hidden find. It's exactly what the description says: mexican dive bar. They have beer on tap (and they let you try it before you order, which is nice), great food and very casual vibe. The service was good and everyone was nice. The prices aren't actually that cheap, but the quality of food was decent. The zapatos is a must order. It's like a glorified quesadilla. Cadillac was good too! And the grilled fish tacos were delish! I also got a small order of their pickled veggies. It's a good side to switch things up. Oh and the carnitas were really good too! Thumbs up!
This is one of my favorite places near the office to get lunch. Pretty much everything I've tried has been good; my favorites are the ahi taco and the prawn taco. They're a little pricey at $6 each but the seafood is really fresh. I got a third taco once and it turned out to be too much food. If you're coming with a group, split the carne asada fries. If it's too crowded, take your food to go and wander over to South Park, about a block away.
Hidden gem under the freeway. Went here in search of a quick Tuesday night bite, and we were pleasantly surprised. They pour a great home brewed ginger cider, alongside an impressive list of other brews. As for the food, the menu had something for both of us. I went with a wild tuna tostada, fresh and zesty, and the bf got the zapata, saucy and meaty. The guac was great too. One thing to avoid: the salsa. The hot one didn't have much flavor and the mild one tasted like marinara sauce. Hard pass. Next time I'll just skip that and order extra guac.Overall, great place with a laid back atmosphere and a menu that hits the spot.
This place is a literal microcosm of the city. Hipsters mixed with FIDI folks and software engineers.Food was in fact tasty. Some of the better tacos I have had. But gets demoted for an OBSCENE wait time for tacos. 25 minutes?! Cash only for a place this busy? And 3-5 dollars per taco which is a little crazy for mexican. Ambiance is good, fun and eclectic.Is it good? Absolutely. Is it worth the wait / price / cash only hassle? Meh.
boom.Flavor explosion in your mouth. You can't deny how good the food tastes here.Seared ahi taco: a generous and thick piece of well-seasoned ahi and avocado on a massive bed of cabbage and pico de gallo. The chipotle mayo and chimichurri bring everything together perfectly. Almost impossible to fold and eat properly because it's so stacked; almost impossible not to make a mess as a result. Best fish taco I've had in a long time. Carnitas zapato: flavorful and tender carnitas with melted jack cheese, avocado, salsa, and refritos packed in a grill-pressed tortilla. It was a hot, mushy and oily mess, but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't the most delicious thing I ate all week.Cali steak zapato: not as messy as the carnitas zapato, but still just as jam packed full of mushy goodness and flavor with the perfectly cooked steak strips, ripe avocado, and fries.The filling food offerings are budget friendly as well (under $10).
I've been coming here for months now and it's as good as a bar gets. Great beer on tap, great selection, and great food. The 1L Hefeweizen is my favorite, a few of these are the start of a good night. The upstairs area is good for large groups - you can book it in advance if you call. There are iPhone charges on most of the tables for the tech crowd.Cash only though. Don't forget the cash!
Their cheeseburgers rival In N Out! It's difficult for me to say, but I think I prefer these over my usual go-to burger joint. The patty is grilled to perfection without being greasy and the ACME bun is soft enough to soak up the juices, but solid enough to keep the burger intact. Their fries are also spot-on. Thick cut, but not steak fry status. Nice solid crunchy outside with a soft inside that's not too starchy. Omggg. So good. Nothing on their menu disappoints!I've been here so many times since moving to SOMA a year ago that I can't write a review on just one experience. The food is bomb and the staff is pretty darn awesome -- owner included! We had a full on conversation about the quality of the food with the owner without even knowing he was the owner! Great guy!
One can really just walk by this place without knowing about all the hustle and bustle inside. You walk through those black doors, then BAM; a room full of excited people enjoying their beer and food.Carne Asada Fries - Can't go wrong with this one.BBQ Pulled Pork Sando - This sandwich was really tasty. Perfect balance sweet sauced up meat between a fluffy bun. The bacon gives it a nice smokey crunch.Overall thoughts : I would come back here if there happened to be the opportunity. Might not crave it, but I am sure I'd enjoy my meal.
Quite a fantastic burger. No real frills, just the meat, cheese and minimal toppings. Get it. Maybe don't get the tuna taco. It's ok but, it was kinda hyped up to me and I found it kinda bland. The portion is pretty good for the price. Strong beer selection too.
Pretty much as good as everyone says, it's fairly affordable too.I had two different tacos today, both were excellent and both did not fit the two measly tortilla boats they sat on...but that's hardly a complaint. My ahi tuna taco was really good. The tuna isn't sashimi grade or anything, but it was seared nicely and delivered as a pretty good sized serving. But the real winner for me was the Thai shrimp taco. The shrimp was jumbo sized and had good flavor overall. Everything went well together. The slaw was crunchy, the sauce was creamy, and the shrimp were juicy, no complaints here.My friend ordered the skirt steak zapato and enjoyed it thoroughly...but did find a piece of foil inside the zapato itself. Oops.
Pretty solid, tacos can be a bit inconsistent, and there could be some actual salsa choices, but great for the location.
CARNE ASADA FRIES w/ EGG...BEER BATTERED TILAPIA TACOS...BEERS on TAP...good stuffCame here couple days ago on Wed night after the "Taste of the Warriors" and that left a bad taste in my mouth and an empty stomach, anyways we came here cause we were still hungry. -Street parking-Nice joint with a cool vibe, TVs-Could be a problem getting a table during busy hours, have a small upstairs also with seating-Great beer and food selection-Cash only but a good spot to come to hang out with friends with great food and beer, will be back sooner or later
Delicious? Yes. Fat? Mmm tastes like heart attack.Well, that was partially my fault for ordering the carne asada fries (good job, me!) They were delicious, and while I wish I had a bit more salsa on it, it was just as expected - fries with cheese and guac and carne asada and mmmmm fatty goodness. On a side note, my coworker's burger was bigger than his mouth.Enough about that, the place itself is clean, and while there was a line (as it was lunch hour), service was fast and friendly. Lots of old bits of the past stuck on the walls, from old licence plates to posters that gives the place charm. It is also decently priced - no wonder people like to come here!
I came here last summer and had a fish taco, which I found to be only alright, but I came by again on Friday to pick up a Cali steak zapato on my way downtown from the Caltrain station, and it completely blew my mind. Replacing rice with fries is genius, and I love that it comes with avocado. The atmosphere inside is noisy and fun. Expect a wait even on weekdays.
God bless any bar that has iPhone 5 chargers at each table! Yes, I realize that sounds way too pretentious, but on the particular afternoon that I came here, my phone was about to die. This meant a stinky, squeaky ride home on BART that night (without music to mask the scary). Any place that has Green Flash IPA *and* iPhone chargers should receive some special award. Maybe not a Michelin star, but at least 5-stars from Yelpers. Service was friendly and I can't wait to go back and try the food!
A loud vibrant spot to hang with friends over beers and extraordinary tacos, burgers, etc. Excellent friendly service here. There's upstairs seating, a large table downstairs for a big group. I love the ahi tuna taco and the crab crack.
Food is good. Worth a try. I also enjoy the beer selection. Its not vast but it is good. Service is friendly but it gets packed quick after work hours. Bathrooms are not... what one wants to use.
Pricy but tasty food. In a funky little place in the SOMA we got a fried tilapia taco, ahi tuna and avocado taco, the cadillac taco, one california steak zapato, and the fish sandwich on the locals only menu. Washed it all down with a sangria and cider and it was a good meal before the giants game. The place is cash only so if you aren't rolling in dough when you come here you might not eat. The tilapia taco was my favorite thing of the night. The fish was breaded and fried beautifully. Not to heavy or oily, just right and the slaw that came with it complimented the light, delicate fish. The ahi tuna was tiny on the taco and it came with too much avocado that cooled the fish to a temperature that made it seem like you were eating a cold taco. No bueno. The cadillac taco was also tasty, it comes with shrimp and steak. Sort of like a surf and turf taco which was good for me but it was hard to eat because the shrimp and steak were at awkward angles and it got messy. Get plenty of napkins when eating at this place.I then dove into the zapato and there was virtually no steak in mine. Mostly french fries and the cheese arrived cold and not melted. It was coagulated and it's probably from them cutting it in half themselves instead of serving it like a burrito. All the heat escapes. Next we got the fish sandwich and that was actually pretty gross. I don't' know what flavor it was but it was too much dill or something. Very unappetizing. The drinks were cold and washed down the bad parts of the meal but what they did some things right. Next time I will just order the steak zapato without french fries and hopefully I can get some meat in it. Skimped out for sure. I will also get the tilapia and maybe the cadillac taco. The fish sandwich you can live without as well as the ahi tuna and avocado taco. Overall good food and I ended up spending as much as I would at the ball park for far less food. So compared to ball park prices it's decent but if you compare to prices elsewhere, you can probably find something cheaper.
Garaje: You had me at, "no crap on tap."A garage-styled eatery serving savory and meaty pub food that goes well with beer. Good beer. That is how I would sum up Garaje. Great brews like Affligem, Chimay, and Drake's Blonde to name a few of my favorites. This is a great place for happy hour or a pre-Giant's game pint. The food is pretty delicious here. We had the burger here. No. We went all out by making it a double and then adding hickory-smoked bacon plus throwing in some fries. It's a half pound of juicy meatiness. We also ordered Surfer Leo's fish and chips zapatos. This was how we were sold on a zapato - "It's kinda like a burrito without rice pressed on a panini grill." Alright let's try it. I think I would have liked the other zapatos more. I liked the tilapia but wasn't a fan of stuffed fries nor wilted romaine. Maybe I'll just get the fish taco next time. All in all, Garaje is a great spot to grab some grub and booze. Pity they are cash only but there's an ATM up front. If the devil is in the details, then Garaje definitely knows that it is in a techy neighborhood and hence iPhone chargers on every table. Awesome. I'll be back.
HOLA HOLA HOLA. This place is MUY CHINGON. NUFF SAID. I'm not going to do what you think I'm going to do and freak out on the food or atmosphere or anything like that. I will tell you this and this WILL make you go eat here. I was with my wife in Berkley eating some food and we looked at each other and said, " hey we are only like 20 minutes from GARAJE. Let's just eat something super light here so we can go eat there in two hours." True story. PLACE IS LA VERDAD.
Went here with a vendor after work... fantastic baja fish tacos. Great beer on tap. Reminds me of Manhattan Beach without the d-bags.
Great place to go before the game.A little on the pricey side but meh, not too bad.Tacos were yummy! The zapatos? was super cheesey and great with their beer selection. Got lost finding this place because the map was off... CASH ONLY
Garaje offers American and Mexican dishes in a wonderful harmony.The Crazy Dave's Double Cheeseburger is massive: two quarter pounds of angus beef topped with cheddar cheese and optionally, but certainly recommended, bacon. The meat in this cheeseburger was juicy, tender, and in charge.Order the Carne Asada Fries and you'll get a heaping serving of fries topped with grilled beef, jack cheese, avocado, and pico. I advise against thinking of this dish as a mere appetizer, so bring people to share with. The star here is the carne asada; normally, the beef is finely chopped, but at Garaje, you'll get large, juicy chunks of beef. The menu features a plethora of tempting items. On my next visit, I'm looking forward to trying the Carnitas Zapato (Burrito).
In addition to this being a constant spot I go to to pick up lunch for when clients visit, I have been for myself on several occasions. I guilted my bf into getting out of bed and meeting me for lunch there. He was whiny and grumbly to be out and that it was predominantly a mexi-cali restaurant (he bartends at a Mexican restaurant and wanted to eat other food). We had the Crisp Crab Crack and their Reuben and two Mexi-cokes. He immediately cheered up! The Crab Crack and the ridiculously delicious jalapeno slaw that accompanied it were just perfect! I really enjoyed the Reuben, as well. The bun was toasted perfectly and the meat was cut a little thicker. Just so good! But seriously, GET the Crispy Crab Crack! So   My next visit was with friends after the Giants World Series parade (GO GIANTS!!!!!). This time, I got to enjoy the mexican-style food. And it was also just delicious! I had the Surfer Leo Zapato and it was just the melty goodness I needed on that cold, wet day! Their beer selection is really great- with brews and breweries I had never heard of, as well as some that I had. So a great spot for local beer! Everyone wolfed down their food and was thoroughly satisfied! Can't wait to visit again! I've got to try those carne asada fries everyone raves about!
4 stars for great food, though dark and dive-bar-esque ambience can be distracting.Self proclaimed "non authentic" mexican - but the fresh ingredients and on-point technique (e.g. fried items not greasy!) makes this spot a SOMA favorite. Beer selection also impressive, perf for happy hour and casual dinners. Go-tos:- Carne Asada fries (must)- Spicy chicken burger - Cadillac Taco- BEER!Cash only!
The b'way chicken Sando is insanely awesome!! Fries and drive in burgers are amazing too. Fantastic Belgian beer selection
one of my favorite places for lunch in soma. It's pretty americanized mexican food -- but it's so good! also, this place is the furthest thing from healthy, but it's tasty enough that it's worth a caloric splurge.
Cash only, limited bathroom usage. Zapatos make up for it all though. GET CARNE ASADA FRIESS
Be prepared to wait in line if you go here during lunchtime, but some things are worth waiting in line for...My party of 5 ordered at the counter, grabbed a # and squeezed into a "way too small for 5 people" booth. Fortunately, before all the food showed up the 1 larger downstairs table opened up and we made ourselves comfortable.I ordered the grilled fish tacos. I ordered 2 of them, but just 1 would have been fine since they give you quite a big piece of fish. However, they were so tasty (very fresh fish) that I had no trouble finishing both of them. I also had no trouble devouring their delish chips served with incredible guac.My colleagues seemed happy w/ their meals as well. I may need to go with the crab crack next time because it sure looked good. And the carne asada fries looked quite addicting as well.Garaje is one of the more popular lunch destinations for my office, even though it's a bit of a walk to get there. After my delicious meal there I can see why.
A friend recommended me to this place because of the food and the ambiance. The inside is pretty chill and with lots of character. License plates on every wall. The service was great, but some of the food could be better. We ordered the carne asada fries, the Thai prawn tacos and the carnitas tacos. The tacos were good but the carne asada fries lacked flavor. Would I recommend this place? Yes.
I think I should start a list of places in San Francisco that saved me from hangovers...Next to Zeigeist, this little joint would be battling for first place... but the funny thing is, I couldn't tell you what's on the menu. I never did look at it myself. Instead, I did my go-to order when i'm tired and short a few braincells.What would I like for lunch?"I'll have what you had."Coming from the industry, I know that no one does ordering quite like the staff. After months of eating the same thing day in and day out, they always have their own hybrid orders that are cream of the crop and let me tell you, when it comes to leaving it in the hands of someone else, Garaje takes top honours on the blind order.I had a buttermilk fried chicken burger with a fried egg and guacamole. SO big was this sandwich, that I not only received a warning before eating but a high five upon completing it. But leaving anything to waste would have been a shame, as this was a damn tasty sandwich and I would happily take down another. If it's any indication of the rest of their menu - well lets just say, my waistline is probably better off with them being in a different country.So eat here and if you're feeling particularly adventurous, go for the blind order, these guys are trustworthy enough to pull it off.
I average eating lunch here on a weekly basis and always look forward to my next meal at Garaje. Their food, beer, and service are all on point. Come here when you need to walk away with a satisfied glow. Favorites:-fried chicken sando (it crushes anyone else's, including that one from the nearby food truck park)-Como se llama (it's $5 and it's a meal)-Cheeseburger and fries (the fries are excellent)The chips, salsa, and guac are a big hit, though the chips are on the thicker side. The guac is insanely fresh.The beer selection always varies and covers a wide spectrum. Environment is clean. Sports and events on their multiple TVs. ATM is available if you didn't bring cash (CA$H ONLY)Garaje provides excellent quality, great selection, good prices, and top-notch service. Garaje -- I love you.
This place is the best! I love the vibe and how the place is decorated. Really chill.I've ordered their carne asada fries, beer battered tilapia taco (very crispy!!), and their skirt steak taco. It was all very good. Definitely recommend.They have also have a good collection of hoppy beer. I really like the G'knight beer.The employees there are awesome, great service.Next time I'm going to try their zapatos (they looked really appetizing.)I would come again until I am a regular here lol.
Bumping these folks up to five starts after 20 visits or so. Food's better - they started adding lime slices after my review, for example. And there's no beating the beer selection, prices, good vibe, and the fact that somehow the parking spot right in front is always available (If it's not when you get there, just means I'm inside)
I got cali steak zapato and fish and chip zapato. both are delicious! very flavorful. i like the fish and chip one even more, cali steak one is a bit heavier than the fish one, but still very good. it's much tasier than burrito and taco. the crab sando is not bad, the cole slaw sauce is spicy but with too much mayo. i wish crab sando is not deep fried. i also think the crab sando inside got too much mayo and cream. inside is way too loud to talk. the line is super long. be prepared to wait for a long time between 11:30am and 2pm.
Service: lovely! The staff here is super nice and welcoming. Every time I am there they offer me something, a sampling of their newest local brews. Or this weeks locally made desert. They always have a smile Amon and are full of energy! Location: on the corner of 2nd and Bryant great for all the techies in the area and walkable from dt. Atmosphere: dark but warm. Plenty of things to check out on the wall. Sport memorabilia, license plates, etc. there is always a sport game on the tvs. And it seems to always be active and happening. Food: nom nom - the Zapatos are decent but I think I just expected more - more meat more flavor more stuff. Maybe I just eat too much. Who knows. I came in for the Zapatos but I have gone back for the burger. It is tricking delicious!!! A loose ground pattie and all the fixings. It's awesome!!!! Def recommend going with the burger.
4.5 STARSWhat I love about guys is other than the obvious door opener, DD, personal handyman, spider killer, emotional punching bag (during our time of the month) and handbag holder, they make the perfect Human Garbage Disposal (HGD).Poor guys. Don't think that we women don't love you guys for it. =)Open less than 2 months, Garaje is the perfect place to bring your HGD. Not only do they serve solid Mexican street food with generous portions, they do it all with a welcoming smile in an eclectic sport bar vibe with Edison bulbs, a hodgepodge of license plates, and rock and soul favorites like Hall & Oates playing. There's a large communal table, 8 tables, and 5 booths which makes it a great place for lunch and HH. Non-metered, one hour residential street parking can easily be found at Stillman just steps away from Garaje. Prices are very reasonable ($4 - $11) for the area so you can order for an army, take a bite to taste then hand it off to your HGD to polish off. *Evil laugh* Garje use quality ingredients and use organic whenever possible. Gotta love that they also use my beloved Acme bread and La Palma tortillas. CASH ONLY. What enticed me to Garaje was the advertised Asian and Mexican fusion menu but they seem to no longer have the Chinatown Ribs w/ pineapple fried rice so street tacos it was (they also have salads and burgers). Thinking I would need two tacos to fill up, I ordered the Beer Battered Tilapia Taco ($4) and The Cadillac Taco ($6) while my HGD ordered the Fish & Chips (off the menu - $11). We (I) also ordered a Cali Steak Zapatos ($8) to share. Even though it's a self-service joint, the owner/manager is super friendly and will come to check on you to make sure everything is to your liking. Now that's customer service. After a quick order at the counter, our food was delivered piping hot to our booth. The Beer Battered Tilapia Taco was gargantuan: bit.ly/YaO2Ap. The deliciously crunchy and flaky fish filet was nearly 6 oz. and sat atop shredded cabbage, a chipotle aioli and a La Palma flour tortilla. I inhaled that baby so quick that I was no mean feat for The Cadillac Taco: bit.ly/10PegKE. It was packed with so much carne asada, three huge grilled Gulf prawns, and a generous dollop of guacamole that all the filling toppled over upon picking up. One bite and it was handed off to the HGD. The carne asada was chewy so I would skip this.The Cali Steak Zapatos was the hit of the night: bit.ly/Z64d5u. Like a hybrid of a quesadilla and a Cali burrito, the Zapatos is a flour tortilla filled with carne asada, fries, cheese and avocado that's pressed down until all the yummy meaty cheezy carblicious goodness melds together. As sinfully good as it was, two bites and off to the HGD it went to kill the rest; reluctantly so because his food baby was starting to show after he ate his entire order of fish & chips. Wash everything down with one of their 8 beers on draft or a buzztastic slushy sangria: bit.ly/10FBXGz, and you have a satisfying gut-busting meal that will leave you enough dolla bills to holla on Broadway. My HGD has been complaining that he can't see his wee wee when he goes pee pee. No worries, I got that solved with MANX. Oh yes, they have spanx for men: spanx.com/category/index!
Kind of dingy but amazing service from 20 something guy at the counter you order from. Got food to go, loved it all! Double decker" taco was my fav, hubby got the smothered fries and loved them!! Will return for sure!!!! Great beer selection.
Very good fish tacos, decent burgers, and no crap on tap. A local hangout with good vibes. Up and coming??
BEST Mexican food I have had north of the border. Carne asada fries are amazing! Careful, cash only
The server/cashier was a friendly guy, easy to talk to, gave me his recommendation. The place itself is amazing, it reminds me of the cool concept dive bars that are so trendy in London. Awesome vibe and music. Has this saloon or desert feel to it. The food was too. Burgers similar to super duper. The Mexican selection was amazing!!!! The guy recommended the chicken boss sandwich or any of the grilled burritos!
I'm not a stalker! I swear!! But after super Yelp-er, Cherylynn N, posted her review, photos and recommendations on what to eat, I ended up here on that very same day. I actually meant to just power walk to this location during my lunch hour. But upon arriving, I somehow wandered into this trashed up, once upon a time garage converted into a hipster California style Mexican restaurant.Cherylynn N. said ORDER THIS! I obeyed...~ Cali Steak Zapato - this was stuffed with strip steak, french fries, guacamole, rice, and beans. This was very close to what I ate in San Diego, where the original Cali burritos are from. Except, I don't remember it to be pressed down like a panini. At any rate, I enjoyed this item immensely.~ Beer Battered Talipia - hot, deep fried, crunchy talipia with a lime wedge to give it that extra oomph! This was absolutely worth the price paid. That fish was mega tron, mega sized.Since it was lunchtime and I had to get back to work for meetings, I skipped Cherylynn N.'s sangria recommendation. It wouldn't be cool to be drunkity drunk during work hours, you know what I'm saying?! She also said I had to bring a HGD (Human Garbage Disposal) with me. But I'm my own HGD when it comes to Garaje, absolutely unnecessary :) And YES! It's a 2 part meal for me!! I don't waste a thing, it just goes into the belly that night or the next day. NOTES: @1pm, I waited approx. 15 minutes to order. After ordering, it took approx. 20 minutes for the order to come out. The decor is super relaxed and very dark, I can hardly see my food. I left around 2pm and there was no more lines.QUIRKS: I hated their menu on the wall. It was a bit difficult to figure out how to order. So, I started panicking. But if you use your YELP app on your phone and look up recommendations from your fellow YELPER, that should help ease the pain of figuring out the menu.
There's something really cool about the jury selection process at the California Superior Court facility at 850 Bryant ... 2-1/2 hour lunch breaks! Okay, it's true that I work a mere half block from there, but at least for this instance I didn't go back to work. Instead I made the 3-1/2 block trek down to Garaje to check the new place out.It's a huge space inside with tons of seating options whether you feel like sitting at a table, a booth, a stool or whether you're up for meeting new friends at the communal table. There are lots of TV monitors tuned into lots of sports programming. Think March Madness or the upcoming baseball season. They have beer and it's very cold.In fact, let's talk about the beer here. Garaje offers 7 to 8 beers on tap and about a dozen or so bottled beers (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara). They offer sample shots of the different drafts just in case you're not sure of what you want. I'd never heard of Green Flash IPA, but at least I can make claim that I've tasted it before. If beer isn't your thing there's also wine, Mexican Coke, Mexican Pepsi, Jarritos and other tamer beverages. Now I'm not suggesting that you go back to the courtroom intoxicated, but it is 2-1/2 hours.Now let's talk about the food. For me the excitement here is all about the seafood tacos. They have a lot of them, generously portioned and relatively inexpensive.Seared Tuna + Avo (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara) - Wild Ahi seared just right with a tasty chipotle aioli base and a mound of fresh avocado. Big in terms of barely fitting on the corn tortillas and big on taste.Thai Prawn (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara) - A quartet of big, firm, crunchy, butterflied prawn in a sweet and mildly spicy Thai sauce with crunchy cabbage, fragrant cilantro and crunchy, salty peanuts.Beer Battered Tilapia (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara) - The fish filet is so big that they give you a larger tortilla just so that it'll fit. This was easily a dinner sized piece of fish fried up nice and crispy on the outside and hot and flaky on the inside.Grilled Fish + Guac (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara) - The best of both worlds. A generous piece of tilapia grilled crispy on the outside paired with a huge mound of fresh avocado.Street Tacos - You get 2 for 5 bucks and these are piled high in ingredients. I had one with Mojo Chicken and one with Carnitas (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara). I liked the chicken one better based on taste, but it's drippy and messy so grab some extra napkins. The carnitas was very good too; I just wished there were some crispy parts instead of having just a mound of lean, tender pork.Recommended by the gentleman who takes your orders I tried a Zapato also. It's like a burrito minus the rice and it's wrapped in a flour tortilla then grilled crispy on a sandwich press. I chose the skirt steak (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara) which was nicely seasoned and all, but having all the soft textures of the cheese, the refritos, the avocado and the pico inside didn't do it for me. While the Zapato was tasty and filling the super soft center made me yearn for something with a bit more texture.Also on the menu is a third pound burger that looked great on another person's table, but I'll try that the next time I visit.Full and satisfied on both of my visits I returned to the courthouse ready for the judge's decision. He must've known I had beer for lunch because I was the first one dismissed. Oh well, back to work. Open from 11:30 AM to closing. I was told 10 PM on some nights and 9 PM on others so it's probably best to call ahead. Garaje is cash only so bring the green stuff and tip generously because the portions are big, the staff are friendly and the service is awesome!Finally, the menu (yelp.com/biz_photos/gara)! Enjoy!
The sangria & crispy tacos OH MY! Came here for happy hour and it didn't disappoint. We ordered an assortment of the happy hour special crispy street tacos (carne asada, carnitas & chicken). We also quenched our thirst with sangria. The tacos were yummy and filling, however, one of my friends says that the carnitas should have been more tender. They were crunchy but didn't totally snap like I'm used to when my dad would make crispy tacos at home. We ordered a seared ahi tuna taco for his CEO and it looked so good; perfectly seared and a big piece of fish. The side of chips were ordered were long tortilla strips salted just enough served with some pico de gallo. The sangria was deadly as you couldn't really taste the alcohol but it totally hit the spot and was icy like a slushy. We liked the divey feel of the place (without feeling dirty) and our dinner was excellent. Can't wait to come back to try more food and drink more sangria. Don't forget to bring cash because it's cash only. Garaje is a great happy hour spot!
I remember when this place used to be an average Japanese spot. Garaje is definitely an upgrade! The mexican food is styled after those you will fine in Baja/San Diego with good fish offerings. The Tacos are good and I've never tried their burgers, but the stars of this show are the Zapatos. Think a burrito meets a panini. It is essentially a pressed burrito, but it is quite delicious. Get the Surfer Leo, with is a fish zapato with fries inside (California Style). You won't be disappointed.Pretty good beer list as well. Cash only!
I absolutely love this place! From the food to the atmosphere/vibe - everything is on point. Customer service is spectacular as well. Always friendly and quick service. I always recommend this place to others and ensure i bring my out of state guest here. Need I say more?All the items on the menu are unique and delicious. It's a pallet adventure trying each dish.
Just not as advertised. Was hard to find. The manager was not accommodating for our late arrival.
Had tacos, they were pretty tasty. The sangria is excellent and a must try! Heads up, this place is cash only.
Hipster/dive bar vibe the instant you walk in. Located two blocks down from yerba buena, it wasn't a place I'd expect to find in the area.Drinks: Garaje has a very good selection of beers off the tap. I tried the Old Chub Scotch Ale liquid nitrogen chilled and the strawberry white belgium Ale. I am a fan of liquid nitrogen chilled beer because of the texture the beers have afterwards, so i am biased towards liking the old chub. The strawberry white belgium ale was still quite good, having a surprisingly strong strawberry flavor in it. Both were good, just depends what you are looking for.Food: Pressed California Steak Burrito: I found the burrito very good in its pressed form. The outside wrap is much thicker than your typical burrito but holds the food in better and allows the melted cheese to provide a very distinct layer with every bite. The carne asada was seasoned well and went well with the guac and fries.Carne Asada Fries: Even though the meat was the highlight of the dish, it couldn't make up for the lack of flavor in the fries. Still not bad compared to the "numerous" places you can get carne asada fries around here.Worth trying.
Take note: CASH ONLYThis place is awesome! If you like burgers, get the burger. And it make it a double. The fried chicken sandwich is tasty! EVERYTHING on the menu looks good (and probably is). Great beer selection! There's something for everyone's taste. The set up is cool. There's an upstairs with bar top seating and a long bar top in the middle of the room (in case you're with a big group and the big table downstairs is taken). You order your food & drinks at the counter and pick a spot. There's TV's for watching sports. Loved this place and definitely will be back next time I'm in SF.
Get the carnitas. They are INCREDIBLE. Rest of the meat is great.They sell HUGE cups of beer, everything is reasonably priced - so much so, that we ordered WAAAAAY too much food. Fish tacos were phenomenal - breading was nice and crispy, fish tasted fresh. I will be back... oh yes, I will be back.
Garaje is an amazing "hole in the wall" restaurant in SoMa. The outside looks relatively run-down, but the inside is actually quite a nice restaurant/bar. Don't let the exterior fool you.If you're thinking about ordering a full meal, you'd probably want to order more than one item if it's ~$7 each. The cashier/waiter was very helpful in directing me towards the tastiest items on the menu, but honestly, everything is good.I'm definitely coming back here.
Mexican cuisine is an interesting beast. It's kind of hard to mess up, but it's also hard to really excel. I have to say, Garaje falls squarely in the "excels" category. The beer selection was awesome. The sangria was a major hit at the table, as was the banana bread beer. And the food was extremely good, which is a big deal considering I already had high expectations since Mexican food is generally great. My friend had the fish tacos, and I had the chicken grilled burrito/quesadilla thing (it has a formal name)The place wasn't too packed either. My friends and I found ourselves relieved at how easy it was to carry on a conversation. Really, it was the perfect end to a day in San Fran. I highly recommend Garaje; I'll certainly be back!
Okay, what's up with this line? The food comes out quickly, but they might need way more than one cashier on a weekday to make this work!Otherwise - zapato was just a bit more than okay. Come on, we live in San Francisco.. we're almost KNOWN for our Mexican food and Mission really isn't too far away. Portion was a bit small for a price and the contents were unimpressive. It's good, but not enough for me to wait 30 minutes in line to come back good.
A co-worker took me there for lunch one day and I had to go back. Fortunately, I was not disappointed. Hands down the best tacos I've ever eaten, on multiple visits now. Add it to a wide variety of draft beers, tables with built-in smartphone charges, and great service. Can't think of a better way to multi-task than to power up my phone's battery while enjoying a beer on tap. A sure bet for a night out in SOMA.
Very busy but I had no trouble getting through the line, ordering for 4 (not all for myself ; P), and finding a table. The decor was chill and the crowd is nice. BUT ... THE FOOD was good. I don't wanna hype this place up but it is good. I will just say, this place is a GO. Working like a pop-up: you order food at the counter from a set menu, you sit, and in 10 minutes you have your delicious food. Don't forget to look at their special menu on the wall to your right and the drink menu on the wall in front. Get the zapato with fish (it has a clever name), sangria, carne asada fries, and the tiger shrimp taco. This is my kind of place...if there were a little less people haha I'm and introvert.
This place is not healthy, but it is super yummy. Really cool menu with really unique items, it gets hot in there, so get ready to sweat. fun spot for after work drinks if you're in Soma!
What a fantastic serendipitous find while trying to locate a place to eat and watch the Bruins vs Blackhawks Stanley Cup Finales that wasn't too crowded after the Giants game.-Pros-Great portionsFresh quality ingredientsCarne Asada Fries and Cali BurritosFairly pricedGood selection of draft beersAmazing Sky Mezza areaFriendly serviceFun, lively atmosphere-Cons-Cash OnlyOverall ThoughtsI will certainly be back and recommend this to anyone in search of a cool place off the beaten path from AT&T Park
Great Black bean burgers. And some amazing wall art with all the number plates.
Incredible variety, quality, and value for tacos, "zapatos" (grilled burritos), chips, guac, and great selection of craft brews on tap. The ingredients were incredibly fresh, the tacos were neither overseasoned nor overcooked. The chips were fantastic with the fresh guac and the smokiness of their housemade salsa. Great value!PROTIP: They sell full liters of beer in a giant mug!
Garaje is a great divey place for a gut-busting lunch. Their menu includes lots of comfort foods (or at least my comfort foods) - tacos, burritos, burgers and fries. At lunch, the line was nearly to the door but it moved quickly and tables also turned over quickly. I didn't look much at the menu since I just went with Miriam W's order - one como se llama taco with carnitas and a grilled fish / guacamole taco. Delish! In case you're wondering, the como se llama is a high-class double decker taco: hard shell taco stuffed with the goodies with a soft taco tortilla around it, bound together with refried beans. Yessss.... I couldn't eat that every day because it is a bit heavy but the grilled fish/guacamole taco is light enough to eat all the time! Fish was grilled perfectly, just done. The tacos are big - two is plenty. They cost $5-6 and they are cash only. I'm looking forward to my next visit. Happy hour?
Went here for dinner on a Friday night, and the place is casual, and very chill, but it's CASH ONLY.I tried the seared Ahi, Mojo chicken and beer-battered Tilapia Zapattos and Tacos. The food is insanely flavorful. They have a good variety of beer too.Would definitely go again!!
Uh yum. The Surfer Leo's zapato was warm, toasty, crunchy, ooey, gooey goodness - perfect after a long day of work. Just the right combo of flavors and textures. The restaurant itself had a warm, welcoming atmosphere, making it a great place to share some delicious food with your friends. I'll definitely be back to have some more of their food.
Sick tacos and a good selection of beer...a lot on tap. I ordered a chimay with the grilled fish and guac, steak and shrimp, ahi tuna, carnitas, and chicken tacos. All were excellent, but the ahi tuna will be at the top of my list when I come back! Every taco had the perfect combination of flavor, seasoning, and texture. We got there when the line was super short and snagged a table, but by the time we left, there was a line of about 20 people and available seating looked hard to come by.
I don't get the appeal. The double burger was dry, with nothing else on it that made it "crazy". The zapatos with carnitas was just ok. I doused everything with the habanero hot sauce.Beer list looked good but I was already buzzed so I didn't drink. Food should've tasted better though, right? Weird.Anyway, rounded up because the prices were relatively cheap.
This place rocks. Great food at an awesome price. Perfect spot for the happy hour that turns into dinner :) There is nothing fancy about Garaje, but that's why I love it. Dive bar with yummy food!
Great spot. I love Mexican food. I wouldn't say authentic.. ButBomb!! Worth a try. You won't regret it!!
Garaje effortlessly beats other Mex joints as its ambience for the price-range is hard-to-find in prime San Francisco. Its orangish exteriors made me think twice if it was at the right place or not because it looks a little tucked away in a series of confusing small businesses. Obscurity!Cash-only place and good fresh food. Fish tacos and Mermaid tacos are the best! Valentina and other goody good stuff is free at the spice kiosk! Eat away !
The first time I had Garaje, my friend and I were trying to hit up HRD only to find that it was closed for the day. We found this place on Yelp and passed the storefront twice because the sign was somewhat non-obvious. I didn't really know what to expect but I ordered a Zapato and sat down with my ticket. A few short minutes passed and a panini-pressed burrito arrived at my table. It looked humble enough, but when I took my first bite, my mouth exploded with rich, creamy, chewy, crunchy, and savory sensation. Yum. The Zapato is created when French Fries, beans, cheese, guacamole, and meat are married within a compressed and crispy tortilla. It was what I could only call pure happiness compressed into a dense and efficient package. Or maybe we were just really, really high. We came back the next week, sober, and unsure if our previous experience was genuine or just "enhanced." Yep. It was just as good as the first time. We also ordered the sangria, which wasn't just sangria. It was a sangria slushie! Our expectations were exceeded once again. I've hyped this place up for so many of my friends, and none of them were ever disappointed or let down.11/10. Would eat again. And again. And again.
Always pleasantly surprised by this place. The chips and salsa are made in-house and perfection. I usually got for the surf burrito with fish and French fries. It's sooooo good!!
Amazing tacos, good beers, chill atmosphere, friendly staff, reasonably priced... what more could we ask for? :) I've visited Garaje pretty much at all possible times (I have even gone on a Sunday and then dejectedly walked away from their door after finding out that they are not open on Sundays), and this place has almost always been full of people. Expect to wait around 10-20 minutes to get through the line and get your food, which still isn't bad at all in my opinion - and bring cash and/or your atm card (they have an atm inside).My favorite tacos are seared ahi tuna with avocado and the cadillac. The portions are pretty good - the other tacos are pretty typical in size (small-ish, but not so small that it leaves you unsatisfied), but whoever makes the cadillac tacos are pretty heavy-handed with the steak. I'm also a huge fan of their sangria roja... I'm not a sangria connoisseur or anything, but it's pretty different from other sangrias I've had. It's like a thick, delicious alcoholic fruit smoothie... yum. Try it!
I love the burgers here but absolutely hate that we are made to pay with cash. Honestly the food keeps me coming back, but there have been times where I've opted for other options because this place doesn't take debit. Guys- apple pay and Google wallet are out. Please get with the times and make your dining experience that much more amazing. Make sure to get the guac. Their jalapeos are amaze-balls. The fries are always perfect. Overall the service is pretty legit. Food = 5/5 stars Lack of debit knocks the overall score to 3 stars.
LOVED LOVED LOVED GARAJE! Their sangrias are amazing. I would drink it all day every day if I could. It's so amazingly refreshing because they made it like a slushy with fresh berries too. I just HAD to have another one. I got their Skirt Steak Zapatos. I would say that it's like a burrito panini because the flour was crispy and pressed and the cheese, guac, and meat combo made me salivate to a whole another level. It was simply delicious. Their Carne Asada Fries were very filling and in comparison to the carne asada fries from San Diego, I would say Garaje's fries were fatter and more potato-ey (e.g. McDonald's fries vs. Red Robin fries).My friends got the Beer Battered Tilapia Taco and their Grilled Fish and Guac Taco. Both really good but considering the fact that this place is popular for their fish tacos, I wasn't all that impressed. I would recommend their carne dishes. I really wish I lived in SF so I can go back and try their cheese burgers and of course go for my third sangria. Loved the atmosphere. Super hip and chill, like a giant garage turned into a restaurant, which is exactly what happened I think(?).
Quality Mexican food at a cool bar/restaurant. The first thing to note is that the main sign does not say garaje, this was a bit confusing when looking for it, just look out for the all red store front which is easier to spot. Once inside there is ample seating, there is a ton of bar decorations around the place which gave it some cool character. The menu is not to big but has everything you would want from a Mexican cuisine. I decided to go with the zapato, which is pretty much a rolled up quesadilla filled with ingredients. I went with the carne asada Cali zapato, which substituted refried beans for French fries. The food was awesome, great flavor and fresh ingredients. My main complaint was the size of the zapato, for $8.50 I would hope it'd be the size of a good burrito but it's about half of that, so I did not leave full unfortunately. I recommend using their habanero sauce! It was really tasty. Next time I'll just order more food and hopefully leave with a very full stomach, still recommend this place for a good lunch stop.
Horrible. Bad fries. Chicken burrito or whatever it was has retried beans. The very chill atmosphere was only redeeming thing about this place.
Not your typical authentic taqueria. Not your typical Americanized Mexican food either. I normally don't trust places that charges you for chips and salsa ($3) but I was in the area and gave it a try. Glad I did. Wow. Fresh ingredients and made to order. The zapato is like a California burrito in panini form. Ordered the SURFER LEO and it was amazing! The battered fish wasn't soggy and the fish wasn't fishy or dry. Each bite left me want more. Cant wait to go back.
I love this place. Good range of diverse drinks. The food was really good and reasonably priced. The prawn taco was incredible! Yum!The atmosphere is very relaxed and casual, it's the perfect place to be with friends but I also love it for a casual date with my husband!
This place has a really great food selection. The Cadillac taco ($6) is super delicious with a ton of carne assada and grilled shrimp covered in guacamole The tortillas have cheese melted between them creating a solid foundation for the taco. It's a meal in itself.The fish and guac taco ($5) is supper simple with tilapia on some cabage covered with guacamole and shredded radish. I have been here a couple times but never on a weekday lunch rush. This place gets packed. I waited in line for a half an hour, it took and other 15-20 for the food to show up. It was just a long dinning experience but wroth all the waiting. The beer selection This place has a great beer selection with something on the list for everyone. You can get a pint or a liter. Everyone raves about the cali steak zapatos, it is amazing and it might be the best thing they have on the menu, it certainly can balance some drinking.I find that everything they have is good so be adventurous. I would not take the kids here during happy hour but I have taken been here for dinner with kids and its great if you can get a table to sit at as opposed to one of the bar and bench seating arrangements. To recap, great food, great beer selection long lines at lunch time. One thing i forgot to mention, the staff is great. .
been meaning to go to this place for a while now. After a number of friends said it was awesome, it renewed my memory to go back. Now years ago no one wanted to hang out in this area. With HRD, Bricciola and now Garaje, it's a hoppin block now. In fact I was stunned to see how long the line was for food, places to sit and the restroom. Fitting 5 folks here is a chore. THere was a party upstairs and we ended up with a 4 top next to the pillar which was basically a 3 and a half. We ended up with a really tall stool at the end and were kinda squooshed in our booth. Surprisingly good beer menu and fun play on a very affordable food menu. Got a cheese buger, asada fries, and both steak and super leo zapatos (shoes?). Everything was solid and cheap. The workers are super friendly and make you feel very welcome. The crowd is all over the place. It's a tech/hipsters/randomness fest...Very cool that they can pull off a very affordable, interesting menu in a cool space in a hood that really needed to get revitalized.
This place has the best food with amazing flavored that just burst open the tastebuds!!!! Awakens the sleeping food giant within you!!!!
Had the Cali steak zapato and some chips 'n' guac, along with a glass of Jewbelation (unofficially a sour beer). Feelin' pretty pretty pretty good.
I always pass by here on the way to work, and I always promise myself I'm going to stop in, and I always don't. I had a full week and a half off for Christmas, the most time off I've ever had in my career (is that sad?), so I decided to stop in on the Friday after Christmas. Okay, I also needed to stop by the office to check my voicemail. I hate voicemail. I decided to get some takeout from Garaje on my way. So glad I did. I scored parking right outside the front door, even though the meter said it was a tow away zone until 4 p.m. It was 3 p.m. *Rolls dice (yet again). The inside of Garaje is nice and dark, with multiple tables and booths. For SF, it's surprisingly large! As you know, it's usually ass to ankles at most eateries in our fine city. Garaje also has a couple of televisions so you can watch some sports.Garaje's beer list is small, but lovely. "No crap on tap," as they mention on the list itself. I was in the mood to enjoy a Le Fin Du Monde, but I couldn't really justify doing that before heading into the office. I ordered the Cali Steak Zapato to go. The server who helped me was seven shades of nice. He asked if I wanted a beer while I waited. After I placed my order, he asked again. Well, someone clearly has my number! I politely declined and waited at the bar seating by the front window to ensure that my car wouldn't be towed. In retrospect, I wish I would have had that beer. It look a few minutes to get my order, and a beer is always warranted on a Friday. Plus, what if I died on the way to the office? Then I'd be sorry I didn't have that brew. I digress. The Cali Steak Zapato was all kinds of yummy. Cheese, avocado, steak, pico de gallo, and fries. I like that there were fries on it, you know that's how we do it in Pittsburgh. I further note that this concoction is put together extremely well. I like when the cheese is melted in the outer layer of the tortilla, and that the avocado is in the middle so it doesn't brown. Call me crazy, but these things matter. At any rate, the Cali Steak Zapato is the epitome of decadence, for sure. I could only manage to eat one half, even though I didn't eat all day in anticipation of dining at Garaje. I ate the other half after the completion of a 10 mile run/walk/hobble. If you happen upon Garaje, you need to have one of these bad boys. You owe it to your taste buds. I want to try the skirt steak tacos the next time. And the burger. And all the beers. I'm pretty sure I'll be going back to Cali as well. *Love*
I was so excited to see a new spot in the hood! Even more so now that they open for dinner. Last night we dropped by during their "soft opening" for dinner and had the pleasure of chatting it up with the owners. They are genuinely nice and and passionate about the place. On to the food--we started out with the Ahi appetizer - super delicious.. the homemade potato chips were the perfect complement. I had the salmon taco and my fiance had the carnitas zapato - both were amazing!Don't come here if you are on a diet...their food is meant to be indulged!
gets busy, because its worth it. great beer selection too. Good for lunch.
I like the convenience of being able to walk to this place from my house. The place is great for a chill evening. The beers are great here but the food is okay. I been here about 15 times and half of the times the chicken tacos are served cold. This is the only reason I am giving them a 3 star review.
As a girl I love zapatos and ALL zapatos. I love dem boots, booties, stilettos, sneakers, high tops...you name it, I love it. I almost failed high school Spanish, but I will always remember the Spanish word for shoes. Then I came to Garaje and I fell in love with a different type of zapato. No, they weren't shoes, but a beautiful marriage between a burrito and quesadilla which had many babies called "zapatos." I'm a big fan of meat, but I would have to say the Surfer Leo Zapato is their best one. It's a burrito without the rice and beans stuffed with crispy battered tilapia, jack cheese, and french fries. Then they take the whole burrito and stick it in a panini press to make sure the tortilla is crispy and the cheese is ooey gooey. It's pretty heaven. The zapatos aren't huge so I would recommend getting one and maybe a taco. I've heard the cheeseburger is pretty amazing, but I've never tried it because the Surfer Leo always wins me over.
My girlfriend and I went last night. The food was excellent! We're laying in bed now talking how much we love the ahi tuna and Thai peanut shrimp tacos! This is definitely going on our list of Bay Area favorites.
Finally came back for a happy hour and tried the beer battered tilapia taco. Very good. At least as good as Nick's Crispy Tacos or The Taco Shop at Underdogs. I think it's like $5 now but it's a pretty big taco. I mean, it's pretty much a small filet of tilapia laid down on a corn tortilla but it's big enough that you can't really fold the tortilla around it except nominally. They suggest having it with hot sauce and I agree.For some reason on Thu this place was packed. I showed up at 7:30 and it was overflowing. Luckily they let you book the upstairs room (with no deposit or minimum) for large parties. You still have to order downstairs but at least you have room.
Calimexican? Is that a genre?I had the Chicken Zapato and an excellent beer I can't find on the east coast, and was very happy. Quick, cheap, and good, what more do you want from a taco place?
Delicious, affordable, fun, great option for casual dining. Solid beer selection was a pleasant surprise
I quite like this place. Great selection of beer, great food, and knowledgable bartenders to help you select your libation. My only gripe is that the line to order can sometimes overtake the smallish downstairs part, annoying patrons that are already sitting there. You can only take so much of butt-in-face at a time. The upstairs is a great place to come and hang out with large groups. Just get there early and you'll have no problem cramming your nearest and dearest friends, coworkers, brethren in there with you.The good: solid beers and a cool vibe.The bad: you kind of have to walk through stab city under the freeway to get there. If you're a lady, make sure you leave with a buddy to get back to SOMA proper. Protip: get the cash before you arrive.
absolutely delicious!! Came here with a buddy for lunch and tried the cali steak zapato with a belgian draft beer and was COMPLETELY blown away. It was fresh and tasty!!! the service was outstanding- super friendly order taker and the waitresses all have smiles on their faces. The interior fits the name, kinda like the interior of a NICE garage with cool signage. The fact that it took me this long to find this place is just baffling. I look forward to the next time I'm in the area.
Fantastic atmosphere and good food. Price is a little high but this is SF. Good proximity to the CalTrain. Grilled fish taco is out of control.
Damn it! Really wanted to love this place, but $50 spent on wine... Covered in ants = Soo no bueno.We literally had a dozen critters scurry off the bottles onto our table. Good thing my friends are chill, but the incident was still gross. The right thing to do would have been to comp the wine bottles at least, but of course the woman wasn't offering and we were too shocked to think about asking at the time.All the food we ordered was tasty, but I don't think I'll be coming back any time in the near future.
Pretty good food. great beer selection! Unfortunately i came here during lunch on a work day (no drinks).
Absolutely adore this place. They have a good selection of beer and some are even available in liter sized mugs! The food is exceptional, I am a huge fan of the "zapatos" (basically a quesadilla wrapped around guac & meat and then grilled as a whole). My friends love the fish tacos. The atmosphere is fun and lively; we've had nothing but great interactions with all the staff. The only downside is that they are strictly CASH ONLY :/
Understaffed and overcrowded, with no sign from management that there are changes coming soon.Save yourself the headache and just go elsewhere.Like other 1 star reviews here, I used to like this place, but my latest experience there left me with a feeling of bitterness towards my fellow man, and that just should not be so.There simply is not enough seating. While you are waiting for food, you are standing around with a crowd of other people, looking at other people at tables. Several of them will have finished their food and drinks and are just sitting chilling. Usually in this scenario management will make a policy for them to move on...On the other hand, when you do have a table, and your meal is winding down, you get the experience of people asking if you are leaving, and then hovering over your table till you do.I would call all this a recipe for conflict at the systems level, and also an uncomfortable and unhappy experience. To amplify the pain, the upstairs seating area is closed beyond all reason. One employee muttered something about not about able to open it because of having to switch people around, WAT? The place could benefit from some simple technology:Get a buzzer system for people to fetch their own food, thus freeing staff...Get Square or some other credit card option, thus not being cash only. Get empathy for your customers so they have a good experience. (Emotional tech)The range of food and beer is quite lovely I have to say, but it is not worth dealing with the whole place. If you are just visiting SF, do yourself a favor and spend your time in a more relaxing and pleasant place than Garaje.Oh, and as a separate review, I tried the Cali Steak Zapatos this time. It tasted like a really heavy panini with 3000% of the daily value for sodium. A mix of beef, french fries, cheese, avocados, and what I can only guess is half of a shaker of salt, it is probably only the kind of thing you should eat after having a minimum of 2 beers, and if you are ready for a post-McDonalds kind of feeling in your stomach.The tuna/avo taco, and the shrimp taco are much better lighter options, though short on any kind of veggie...
skirt steak Z
I was initially intrigued by the carne asada fries - it's what got me interested in going. Then when I finally got there, I decided to get the ale battered tilapia taco and Cadillac taco and woww, I was so happy! It was simply delicious. Portions were generous and it was just GOOD. Fair to say it was definitely a foodgasm, hahaYou order at the cashier located at the back wall, get a number and they'll bring your food to you. There are tons of seating spaces and more upstairs (lighting is quite dim up here). Though this place serves Mexican-inspired foods, it has a hip bar vibe to it. There's cool little road decor from street signs to license plates all along the walls. And, well, beer on tap!Don't expect prices to be like what you'd find at a mom-n-pop Mexican food place on Mission. It's not super pricey here at Garaje but it's definitely good food at a good price. I'll definitely be back!
Got the Cali steak zapato and it was dripping with grease . Employees are cool and atmosphere was chill but I left after only a few bites of my meal
Had the Baja taco and Thai Prawn taco. Tasted very good. And they have good selection of beers. The place is small. It looks like a like a bar. Very cool place to have a beer and eat some tacos. The door is very small though. You might not notice it when passing by.
We came on a Thursday night and immediately found open tables around 6pm. No line either! When we left, there was a long line and people were waiting for us to leave our table. So I recommend getting there early! There is also a lot of free parking on the side streets nearby.It is cash only, which removes a star for me. Charge 2.75% more and accept credit cards. We started with the carne asada fries and slushy sangria. Can't really go wrong with steak, guac, cheese and fries! I thought the sangria would be weird in slushy form, but it actually worked really well. Those things are dangerous. The zapato was sooo great. Literally all of my favorite things- steak, cheese, salsa, beans, and guac. My friends got the tacos and loved those as well! The portions were decent and definitely good for sharing.Really fun, casual atmosphere. I like that they don't overcomplicate things and their prices are reasonable. Only thing out of the ordinary was that they had a Mexico soccer game playing on a Thursday football night.
Great lunch spot, great dinner spot, i could probably get married here, too.Cheap, tasty, fresh, with a solid beer selection. The surf and turf taco or the ahi tuna sando or the fried chicken sando are all solid choices.If you are low carbing it, the tacos are great (just don't eat the tortilla).Watch out for a gnarly lunch line; best to get here right when they open at 11:30am.
I love chicken burgers and chicken sandwiches and fried chicken and bread and all of these things. You might say I consider myself a chickenoisseur.My lords, ladies and gentlemen, I have a serious announcement to make.This was the best fried chicken sandwich I've ever had in my life.FO REALZ.Or perhaps I should say "chicken sando", which I genuinely did not connect with the word sandwich until I asked for it and the guy repeated my order back to me minus the O and plus the WICH. Ahhhh so this is what this exotic "sando" means. Excellent! I'm even more excited.We fortunately managed to grab a table; a couple of screens were showing sports (UEFA Champions League on one, ice hockey on the other. Actual ice hockey! On the TV! So American!) but weren't distracting. What I DID find distracting - in a good way - was the wall plated entirely with car license (look, I spelt "licence" the noun like the verb, just like a native!) plates. I loved looking at these and trying to choose my favourite state design. They're so cool and colourful that they make a lovely decorative addition.Briony C is right - get a paper menu for detail and check your app to find out what people recommend. I personally recommend everything on the menu except the chicken sando because all of those are for me, you can have anything else you like but all the chicken sandos are mine mine mine. I don't even have the adjectives. I try to formulate 'em but they just turn into drool.I have a thing that I feel next time I go to San Fran I ought to try places I haven't tried before... but I will definitely be back at Garaje anyway. Just try and stop me. (No, seriously, if I try to go more than once a day, please actually try and stop me.)
Great beer and food! Super relaxed, the only downside if any would be that it gets crowded easily.
Everything I've tried at this place is really good. Everything. I've been here three times in two weeks. The first time I wasn't too hungry, so I went with a single Ahi-Avo taco. It's a hefty taco that comes with a huge chunk of lightly seared raw tuna. At $6, this is definitely a fancy taco. I ended up fork and knifing it because it was impossible to fold. The flavors were amazing. The quality of fish is good, and the slaw they have on top complements the fish very well. Someone at the table got carne asada fries to share, and they were super legit. I thought a "fancy" place wouldn't be able to get it right, but it was spot on. The carne asada was good quality and delicious, and the guac and cheese were great. I've actually been meaning to try the burger here, so one of the times I came, I went all out and got the taco, cheeseburger, and zapato to share with another friend. The burger was AWESOME. At $7, the flavors were amazing and the buns were perfectly greased. It was like a fancy In-N-Out burger taken to the next level with better buns, better patty, and better sauce. For the zapato (pressed burrito), we got the cali steak and it was delicious as well. Seriously, you cannot go wrong. I also got to try the carnitas fries, which I must say was good but not as good as the carne asada. I think I just prefer carne asada so that might just be my bias. They also have a huge range of beers here and their own specialty sangria. They blend their sangria into a slushy, which some people dislike but I personally really enjoy. One downfall of Garaje is that it's cash only. Don't worry, there is an atm at the front of the restaurant. Don't try to pick up the $20 near the atm though, it's permanently stuck on the ground :P
Maybe I expected too much. It was nothing amazing or great. I ordered burritos and it was plain. I ordered shrimp taco and the shrimp was too tiny and dried.. Pro: Super friendly service and lots of hot sauce choices Con: Foods were way too plain and it was so hard to find the seat
OH LORD!Too much goodness going on here - from the grilled fish tacos to the veggie burger like no other to the zapatos (I'd liken them to a handheld quesadilla), Garaje has become my go-to for both Mexican food and a damn good burger.If you're a craft beer lover, then you'll love the extensive Belgian offering here. And take special note: Garaje offers La Fin du Monde on tap! I've been searching for La Fin in draft form for literally YEARS, and I'm ecstatic to report that this mystical purple unicorn actually does exist.Lines can get crazy long; the somewhat limited seating even worse. And wait, there's another caveat: they're cash only. But with a blazing-hot 4.5 star average and 210 reviews and counting, you can bet that Garaje is worth the wait and the onsite ATM fee of $1.95.Stay gold, Garaje.
So this place is pretty great.Pros:- Ambiance- Good food, but not amazing- Booze available (last time I was here, they were serving a lambic I like, so I tried that)- Quick wait staff (they turn over the tables quickly)Cons:- Hard to find seating- Cash onlyI will probably return another time, I think this place warrants a visit. The food wasn't that memorable, but it's in a good location.
I have committed a crime...I should not have come here if i am on a Keto diet (no carb). I had a long conversation with the cashier was really patient and nice. So i ended up getting a burger no bun with bacon cheese and guacamole. I am almost certain that adding a bun would have taken this burger to the next level, but i couldn't. Other than that - this place is really cool. Its themed like a old garage. Nice place to go with a group of friends. One day i will be back and embrace the carb goodness that this place has to offer.
I freaking love this place. All of their food is amazing. I especially enjoy their prawn taco (but that portion is pretty small) & their fries that has a bunch of meat on top of it :) I always leave happy. & the restaurant also has a very unique vibe to it. It's kind of dark & always live.
I stopped in to this "Garage" with some friends while visiting SF. The atmosphere is oily and deep fried meets a grimy pub.. fun! Stood in line around 20 minutes at noon. Ordered the Surfer Leo Zapatos (does not include a surfer) and I have to say, I would have stood in line a lot longer than what I did as this pressed magical lunch bite truly was a delight! Zapados are filling enough where you probably won't need a side item.
Unbelievably delicious. Best grilled fish taco I've ever had.. Including anything in San Diego. Go here. Now.
good quality, good quantity, good value.friendly atmosphere.great option for when you want something truly casual but still comfortable.I recommend the seared Ahi Taco - yum!Wish I'd got the mermaid taco sans cheese :-/
Was at an event close by, and after yelping, this place came up as THE place to go for lunch.I walked over, and found the curb appeal pretty interesting...out of place for the neighborhood, but in a good way. Walked through, and went to the ordering counter to check out the menu (no waiters). Given the rave review on the Zapatos, decided I HAD to give that a shot, so ordered the chicken option, along with a Diet Coke. Then learned that it's cash only...oops. Luckily, for some reason, I did have some (I rarely do, in this plastic world), and paid a VERY cheap price for a restaurant in SF.After a short wait, got my meal...and I gotta say, I'm not going to be a conformist on this one. I found it incredibly bland. Sure, it was sustenance, but that was about it. No real taste at all...just....bland.I I were in the area again, I might give something else on the menu a shot...but if their flagship meal was that boring, I'm hesitant to think about the other options...
Hands down my favorite taco place in the city! Disclaimer: they forgot to bring my other order and we didn't realize it until we got home and looked through the receipt. -1 star for that. The tacos were superb. Had the ahi, thai shrimp, and steak tacos. Also got an order of BBQ pork fries. It was amazing. The sangria was pretty damn good too.
The coolest hole in the wall to grab a quick bite and a beer in SF. Food is excellent try a torta, they are more like a grilled quesadilla than a traditional torta. Beer menu is always phenomenal and always changing. CASH ONLY. Lastly, the tables all have phone chargers if you are in desperate need of a charge.
Happy spot = our go to spot in SoMa. Good food & good burgers & good beer. I wish they were open on Sundays - as this part if the city closes on Sunday evenings.
This is a special, "San Francisco Only" charming type of place filled with character and great food.Upon entry you easily find your way to the back counter passing by .com people and other generally relaxed type of folks. Arriving at the counter you are greeted by friendly, helpful, smiling people who make you feel like a valued customer. Ordering is easy and they bring your food to you.If this is your first time here get the Cali Steak Zapato. It's juicy, tender, crisp and flaky, every single bite. The prices are good for a trendy spot and the beer is great. They don't have a lot of beer but what they do have is marvelous.There is a 99.978% chance I will return in the next 30 days to work my way down the menu.
This place is fantastic. The tacos and zapatos are scrumptious. Zapato means shoe in Spanish, but the zapatos here do not taste anything like the zapatos you put on your feet. I've tried both.Anyways, zapatos are delicious, but if you are hungry you might want to get a zapato and a taco or something. The pictures on Yelp kind of lie, the portions are actually a little smaller than they appear. People need to include something in their pictures so I can get a sense of scale (maybe a zapato). In the end I got a zapato and a taco, but you can also just fill up on beer cause the beer here is also quite tasty. In conclusion, its good, and I've written the word zapato far more than I ever have in my life.
Really 4.5 stars. The carne asada fries were the bomb diggity. The fries were crispy - cheesy and man the highlight was the tender steak bites on top...WHOOHOO - worth every calorie (and I'm sure there were many of those)I hade the drive in burger and requested it medium - rather than their standard medium well. I should have gotten an egg (DUH) - but I did enjoy the burger - shredded lettuce - my fav, lots of cheese and quite good but.. I am going for the grilled cali burrito with the fries next time. You order at a counter and they bring it to you, around us, many people there after us got their food before us, so I was anxious. ALSO it is quite loud in there. ANd one weird thing to note, they have tons of bottles of hot sauce, many brands and multiple bottles of each in two locations, but they offered packaged Ketchup and mustard.. HUH? you can' just have bottles of them on tables?
I was very happy they were able to make me a vegan zapato. Basically, they made the vegetarian without cheese but they added corn. My only complaint is that they used so much corn that there was more corn than there was anything else (i.e. more corn than beans), so that was a little odd. To their credit, the corn was fresh (not canned) If I go back, I'll just ask for the veggie zapato without cheese.When we came in, there were no tables available but the turnover was pretty quick so we got a table before our order came out.One downside is that they only have one restroom (one unisex toilet). The place is a good size so it seems like there should be at least two restrooms. The staff was super friendly and accommodating!
We popped in here for a quick bite and some beers before heading to ATT for the Fight Hunger Bowl. It's all counter service which upon walking in isn't exactly obvious. We sat down for about 5 minutes before we realized what we were supposed to do. So some signage could help.They didn't have pitchers so we all settled for liters of some very strong, very delicious Pale Ale. We ordered Carne Asada Fries which were pretty forgettable. But oh man those Zapatos. We each had half of a cali steak one. Amazing. We could not stop talking about them. All day. I'd call it a wasted trip if I returned to SF without getting one.The setup inside was pretty standard. A few TV's playing football, and futbol. They lose a point for only having 1 unisex bathroom stall. If I'm drinking liter beers I'm going to spend too much time waiting for the john. Damnit I can't stop thinking about those zapatos...
Cash only.Carne Asada Fries.These might be the two most important things to note about Garaje. This little Mexican spot is hopping at lunch time, but they manage to roll through the lines, taking orders and delivering food, pretty quickly. Seating is ample, but the crowds are definitely in so you may have a tough time finding a place to sit, unless you get in there early.The menu is full of lots of goodies, but when I saw carne asada fries I was a goner. I haven't found a place that makes them in Denver (must be a California thing) and I miss eating fries covered in cheese and carne asada. This serving was huge and it was everything I hoped for.We were in and out in an hour and it cost about ten bucks each. A perfect lunch.
Nice fusiony taco dive bar. Great place to watch sports too with all the big screens around.
This place is a mess on Fridays, but in a good way. It gets wild and packed with tech logos all over the place, mixed in with a ton of hipsters (love it). I ordered a fish taco which was absolutely gigantic for $5, and ate a burrito also for $9. Adding a beer to the meal, it was a trifecta for $19.Because of how crazy busy it is, we had to eat upstairs, which got really crowded. Highly recommend you go to this place very early to get a good spot, and don't go with more than 4 folks total including you. Most seating is for 4.Tons of good beers on tap. Cash only by the way.Definitely will kick it here again with folks.
Solid lunch offering, good beers, ridiculously long line at peak lunch times, no healthy options so don't even try. Also fun for a beer after work. I prefer it then because it's more chill.
Excellent steak and shrimp tacos! Tasty and fresh. Well worth the 20 min walk there! Next time I'll bring a friend and have beers!
The food was delicious & the atmosphere cool. Totally unpretentious place to grab a couple of beers & great grub after work. I was SO happy to see they had Delirium (beer). Seating was kind of tough because it's so happening, but the food, drink, and ambiance is worth it. Not to mention, whoever decorated the place has GREAT taste in music.
Surfer Leo was amazing - washed down with a large Bikini Blonde, it was basically perfect. Cool vibe too, and they showed the Warriors and the Giants at the same time. Great place to catch up with friends, only drawback is that it's a little hard to find.
carnitas. tacos. carne. asada. fries. That is all you need to know. DONT FORGET to use the spicy chile sauce...
Fish tacos are EXCELLENT. The zapatos are really filling, and they have a great selection of beer on tap. Cash only.
pretty great food, average price. I had the carnitas zapato, such was amazing. cash only though, so hit up an atm before arriving.
It's a little dark as a lunchtime haunt but what Garaje lacks in light they make up five fold in flavor! I love the grilled fish 'n guac taco ($4) and the como se llama ($5). Together they make a perfect lunch. As a condiment lover, I dig their get-it-yourself sauce options (of which there are many).The dudes that run this place are super cool and always ultra friendly. I haven't tried the burger yet but it's definitely on my list. If there isn't a Giants game on, this place is easy to snag a seat in around happy hour, just remember to bring cash as it's the only form of payment they accept.
Positives:- Carne Asada Fries/Zapatos. My cousin from San Diego says they're legit.- Beer selection- Friendly staff makes you feel welcome and generally try to be helpfulNegatives:- Unprofessional staff/management. I ordered a carnitas zapatos once, and the cashier insisted on charging me $8 even though the big menu board clearly said $7. If it says $7, you really ought to just charge $7.- The carnitas. Worst I've ever had. It was tough, and I got a huge chunk of fat or connective tissue.- Cash only- Sometimes it's really hard to find a table
Great place. Has a lot of character. Bar/casual eating. The tacos (ahi tuna and mermaid) were very good. Good beers to select from. Definitely a repeat place. Lots of good food to try. It's a good spot to catch up with people if you want something low key.
Carne asada fries had the most guac I've ever seen on a restaurant order. Fries were a little thick for my taste but still really good for the price ($8)Steak street taco was cheaaaaap ($3) and hefty enough with 2 tortillas to make into 2 tacos! Very yum!iPhone 5 chargers on the downstairs tables...but what about us laymen iPhone 4 owners?!?! There should be adapters... :PLove the upstairs water tap: so convenient especially for drunk people! Also LOVE the huge cart of hot sauces...Cholula get at me! Cashier was awesomely friendly and patient with our drunk ahem I mean tired and indecisive @sses :)Minus one star: Beer was definitely not cold enough. Also are no pitchers...what?!?!
Garaje is a great place to go for lunch (it gets a crowded around 12-12:30) if you're in for a heavy socal-style mexican meal. You can never go wrong with carne asada or pork shoulder fries, and they also serve beers to compliment all the greasy goodness. The only downside is finding seating during busy hours.
Tex-mex meets divey-bar serving good beer. That sounds like... heaven.I love the atmosphere of the place. The beer selection is good (About 8 beers on tap and a ton of bottles) with reasonably priced (pints range from $5-8). Given the high reviews on the tex-mex food, I was expecting some phenomenal stuff (El Faro's worthy) but it was fairly standard tex-mex fare.I tried the tuna taco, the beer battered taco, the Como Se Llama, and the guac and chips. The standout was definitely the Como Se Llama, which was basically the soft and crunchy taco that Taco Bell had years ago. Soft! Crunchy! Soft! Crunchy Soft!... oh...Sir Charles and Shaq, thanks for the memories. The chips and guac were quickly devoured by the hungry table (ahem... mainly yours truly). The grilled tuna taco and beer battered talapia were standard, and something I wouldn't order again, since you can the same thing at literally every other taco joint in the city. Plus the fish just wasn't that good.All in all though, add it all up and you have a pretty great place that I'd be happy to meet friends with to grab a bite and pint.
I've been meaning to go Garaje for some time now since a friend had been trying to get me to for a while. I finally got to try it out and it was a lot less crowded than I expected at around 7:30 on a Saturday, but I have been told that it gets pretty crowded for lunch and happy hour on weekdays. I ordered the carnitas fries and the carne asada zapatos. Both were very delicious, although I quickly realized that I ordered too much for myself. I loved that the carnitas came out topped with avocado, and that since I don't really like salsa or pico de gallo, I didn't have to worry about picking out the cilantro from my food. My boyfriend got the prawns taco and the chicken sandwich. He absolutely raved about the prawns taco and enjoyed his chicken sandwich as well. Garaje makes their own beer batter for the chicken sandwich and they make it with a dark beer apparently, so don't be surprised if it comes out a bit darker than the usual golden brown. One of these days I'll actually go for happy hour. This place seems like a chill spot to share snacks and have a beer with friends!
I came here excited as ever because I love their como se llama tacos but when I got up to the counter the host wasn't the only one to greet me. There was a roach on the counter. I didn't notice it at first . but yes as a took a second glance it was indeed a Roach. I'm beyond disappointed because I loved this place and told everyone about it but now I am forced to forget all about it.
For first timers I'd suggest dinner, 'cause the lunch lines are an immediate turn off, unless of course you are trying to chat up a new client or love interest. Expect 20 min wait time and more after 12:15. This is a tech lunch haven, so if you must , get there at 11:30 for the least wait. Once you do get to the order desk, be sure you have cash on the barrel head or you are SOL. The vibe is super casual garage theme with a license plate collection meets Rock poster collection. Give it an 8.5 on the coolio meter.They even thought enough about the interior to put sound baffles in the low ceiling entrance area. There is also an upstairs balcony. No crap on Tap is their beer motto and they live up to it. The menu is simple and everything is fresh and tasty, beer battered tilapia tacos, a crunchy tortilla wrapped in a soft tortilla, great touch with perfect toppings. The steak zapato is also a can't miss dish. It's an awesome mash up carb bomb of carne asada, fries, cheese and avocado pressed together, perfect after a hard night of drinking. The prices are really fair for the quality of the food $ 4- 11 for most items. These guys know their stuff and are not trying to please everyone, and doing a great job in this space. Good for a group but I'd reserve the large table before hand.
Pretty cool lunch spot with some interesting things on the menu.If you need good cheap burger or taco with a nice large beer on lunch break because you hate work this is the place for you and your friends.Some strange things to note:1) They have iPhone chargers at every table while almost every other restaurant in the hood takes credit cards.2) They have iPhone chargers at every table while most everyone in there needs Micro USB.3) Did I mention they have iPhone USB chargers at every table?
I really enjoyed this place. I had the crack crab or crab crack (can't remember exact name)...I asked the waitress for crack and she knew what I was talking about. haha. It was fried and it was a hefty amount of real crab on a spicy delicious slaw. Chill atmosphere, a variety of beers, but remember it's cash only!
Gem. Their website/yelp doesn't do it justice. I had no idea what to expect but it surpassed everything. Great huge beers and chicken sandwiches to die for. Not to mention the guacamole sides. Just brilliant.
Started with a good selection of beer, awesome food menu too (I ordered Baja fish taco), best part is the cost, can't beat it. Highly recommended!
Good food. Popular for the work lunch crowd. Dark atmosphere that is fun and different for a lunch spot.I have had the cali steak zapato, the carnitas zapato and the fried fish taco. All were very good and the staff is very friendly.They should make their own hotsauce, which is my only suggestion haha. And chips should be free with a zapato purchase :P
CASH ONLY!! Let that be known. The staff was super helpful and they had some good beers on tap. I thought that my chicken sandwich was GREAT, but the chips and salsa were below average. Save your money on that. The other food was good but I kept my socks on. Overall I would return, but not sure that I would make a special trip there.
Although the line is long, the food & beer are worth it. Highlights - fish Zapato, strawberry beer. Super yumtown USA
This is my favorite food on cheat day. oh my god, I challenge someone to season meat better than garaje. I will pay in gas and money to try it. I've gotten several different things here and I have to say you can't go wrong with the tacos. The beer is unique and delicious and if you want something extra decadent go for the carne asada fries.
There is something said for a place that gets insanely packed at lunch time ...and that is it is delicious. Garaje is doing a lot of things right like the menu that is unique and mysterious. If you didn't have someone that knew the place it might be tough ordering from the menu posted on the wall. However if you go up to order they actually do have descriptions of what each item on the menu actually is. There is also a secret menu that offers fish and chips that I saw.So what type of food does Garaje serve? I'd say a mix of Cali-Mex, with an American twist. That probably makes no sense but the ingredients are fresh for example lots of avocados and plenty of fish options, like the oh so popular fish tacos that Cali-Mex cuisine is known for. But Garaje also has quite a few burger options as well. I went for the Cali Steak Zapato! What's a Zapato it's basically a grilled burrito. The filling in this Zapato was so tasty, grilled skirt steak, french fries (oh yea), pico de gallo, and jack cheese. You can only imagine how amazing it was. I haven't found anything like Garaje out in the Carolinas' but I really hope I do. It's great to see a restaurant reinventing the wheel and coming up with new fusion concepts. It's tough to find a seat and like I mentioned this place gets crowded, expect a long line and a little wait for your food. But don't let that scare you away it's definitely worth the wait!
So living here for a few months now, and this is my go to place for great food. Amazing tacos done in different ways. Always a changing beer list, which allows me to try different beers. I am fond of all the fish tacos and have a hard time saying which one is my favorite. The ahi ahi may be at the top if I had to choose. The street tacos are awesome too. I usually get all three kinds. Don't forget to try some of the hard shell ones if you're looking for something different. When I have visitors come to town this is the place I bring them for lunch or an easy dinner without doing something fancy.
The lines are out the door at this "hidden" gem. Fantastic rotating beer selection always provides a great compliment to the best chicken sandwich this side of South Park - The Bosses Chicken Sandwich. They're cash only but have an ATM inside.
Food was incredible and unique.Great beer selection.Pretty crowded, but worth it.
Incredible flavor in the carnitas. The Cadillac taco was awesome but super messy. So tasty!
Went here on a whim with a coworker; kind of the local spot for us that has really good burgers and a nice selection of craft beers. I didn't try any of his burger but I'm sure Samuel Jackson might say "that is a tasty burger" by the looks of it. We went on a Wednesday night so it wasn't crowded at all and really easy to grab a seat. It's more of a restaurant than bar though, so if you're planning to go out drinking here I'd perhaps use it as a jump off point. Cons - cash only.
It really bums me out that I don't work in Soma anymore. With Garaje, HRD and Ruchi all on the same block there really is no need to eat anywhere else. Okay back to Garaje.. Go eat here. Just do it. Take a long lunch break, deal with the (quick moving) line, order cheeseburgers or tacos and enjoy. Menu has many options and you can get a very filling meal for under $10 which is rapidly NOT the case in lots of SF lunch spots. Every employee who helped us or we ran across was helpful and looked like they genuinely enjoyed their jobs. Shocking I know. Tips:Don't bring more than four people. If you do, expect to piece together tables or sit separately. If you must all sit together, get there early. Lunch gets packed. Check out what other people are eating as you stand in line. Don't be creepy about it but it's a nice way to browse the menu options. Again don't be creepy. Don't be afraid to sit upstairs. Different types of seating options up there. Bring cash. They weren't accepting cards when I visited.
As a vegetarian, the burger wasn't great and the pickled veggies are horrible!
Summary: A chill bar with really great beer: la fin du monde on tap and bottles of tripel karmeliet! Delicious Mexican fusion: Seared Tuna + Avo taco, Cali Steak Zapato, pork fries! And a pretty decent burger (it's no NOPA or monks kettle burger, but far above average in this city).I love Garaje. It's like a gastropub without any pretentious vibe. The atmosphere is "downscale" if that's a word, but clean and nice. It's garage themed after all.The tables along the wall are awkwardly shaped but they probably didn't have a choice given the size of the place. Luckily I usually come here a little later (since they are open until 10pm!) and can usually sit in a booth or at the large table. The food can be greasy, but is high quality and delicious for a bar.Not a lot of places in this area to have a good beer AND delicious food after 7pm on a weekday, Garaje definitely fills a void. I just wish they were open on weekends!Don't forget they are cash only, there's an ATM inside though.
Wow this place intrigued me when I walked in with the mellow cool vibe of how it's decorated and the music. But what really won me over was the food!! I am a crazy harsh Mexican food connesiour but now I do believe there is good Mexican in above LA. I ordered a Cadillac taco, that was amazing! Shrimp and grilled carne asada with guac on top and two tortillas with cheese binding them... Holy shimoly! Then I went with a regular street taco for the ultimate test. They passed! And then having a fun on top of it attitude staff helps.They also carried many San Diego beers! This is a gem, everyone should come here and bring their friends and don't forgot it's cash only. Cheers!
It's a taco joint, that used to be a auto-shop, but happens to serve amazing beer. What a combo!We've gone here mostly for business functions, since it's so close to the office. They have a killer beer list! Lots of interesting and rare brews, making it hard to choose just one. Tip: a lot of their rarer stuff can sometimes come in big sizes, so make sure to ask or get ready to split it with a friend (or not). I recommend splitting since then you can try more of them. I got upsold into a liter of Hef last time. ;-) The bartenders are always super friendly and willing to take questions about the brews, even when busy. I usually get the no-meat options, but have had a lot of their meat stuff too. The loaded fries are amazing, but I've only had bites. Can't imagine eating one of those on my own. My friends all seem to enjoy the Cadillac Taco, which had both steak and shrimp, which could be a factor that the office was buying that night. It seems to get busy after 7pm. Come a bit earlier if you want an easy time ordering food and getting a seat. We got there a little after 6pm on a Friday and had no problem.
Best thing I tried today was the Slushy Sangria. We ordered the cheeseburger and it was good. We also ordered the steak fries which are very simple but you can tell all the ingredients are fresh. Oh and their coke is from Mexico (glass bottled).FYI this place is on 3rd street and a little hard to find. Drive slow so you don't pass it by.
Love this place before the game.Beer is heavenly here - "no crap on tap" as they have postedGot the skirt steak zapato - sooo good 4 starsComo se llama taco - 4 starsGood, not great, regular tacos.Pork fries - 3.5 starsHeretic beer, choco hazelnut stout mmmmm so good 5 starsWill be returning!!
On a very lovely day in San Francisco, I had the pleasure of meeting a friend at a popular Mexican joint in the SOMA district. The plan was for Korean food, but I was quite happy that we stopped by Garaje instead! I do love my Mexican food, and I'm pretty sure this made up for my not eating Chipotle this whole trip (as un-Mexican as that place is).With a small and assuming entrance, Garaje lives up to its name, with industrial-esque lighting and license plates resembling that which could be in a car garage. Already taken by the casual ambience, I was confronted by a full menu of delicious sounding food. I say confronted, because all the choices sounded great, and I it only made my decision more difficult! I ended up ordering the carnitas zapatos (7), a grilled wrap with meat, salsa, and the works, and fries. Yes, I said fries. The wrap toasty, the meat was well flavored, with a nice balance from the salsa. At first I was hesitant about the fries making my wrap dry, but it was actually good, with the only downside being that the wrap was too filling for me to devour the whole wrap. I also tried the carne asada fries (8), as our other friend ended up being tied down at work and didn't end up coming for what we ordered for her. The guacamole was so perfect! Maybe it's because I haven't had proper guac in a while, but it was absolutely delicious with the carne asada and fries.I had a bite of the chicken sandwich (of which I forgot the exact name) was also flavored really well, and may have had my favorite seasoning of the three things I had! I also had a cup of sangria, which really was more of a sangria slush/margarita merge, and it was perfectly refreshing. Everything I had looked and tasted fresh, which is just another plus.Garaje is definitely a casual joint I'd recommend to all my friends -with their semi-themed ambience, friendly staff, and their decently priced and well-rounded menu! And, you should disregard their sign - this place is for everyone! (Unless you hate good food)
We came out here before heading over to a comedy club around 7 on a Thursday and it was already pretty busy. The line wasn't bad, but if you show up later, the line goes back to the door. My date had been here a couple of times before, and now I can see why. The food comes in small portions, but we split four items and were full at the end. Pretty sure the beer helped with that too.We ordered the following:1) Seared Ahi and Avo Tacos: the ahi came in huge chunks and tasted fresh, and the aioli was perfect. Squeeze some lime juice on it and you're good to go!2) Cali Steak Zapatos: so it's basically a burrito that's been pressed and has grill marks, so the tortilla was nice and crispy. The skirt steak asada was good, but nothing to sneeze at in terms of where it falls on the items I'd definitely order again next time.3) Thai Prawn Tacos: okay, THIS item I'll definitely get next time. The taco comes with about 4 prawns, and seriously everything about this was delicious. Prawns, Thai vin, peanuts, cilantro, cabbage, and lime mayo all on corn tortillas. What doesn't sound good about that?4) The last item we ordered was some BBQ Pulled Pork burger with grilled onions, and if I remember correctly, jalepeos (he got one, I didn't). I'm a sucker for BBQ and pulled pork, so this choice just made sense. The meat was tender and the sauce was delicious. It's hard to mess up BBQ pulled pork IMO. :)They have your standard beers that you can find at any bar like Corona and Sierra Nevada. As for the list of beers they had on tap, I have never heard of any of them before. Their sign says "no crap on tap" and I'd say that's a fair statement. Why else would people buy large (seriously, HUGE) steins of beer?
I Really liked this place, the guys are nice the take the time to explain you the menu. The burgers are delicious and the sangria too, definitely coming back.. I really recommend this place..
Get:Fish Taco - Huge piece of seared ahi.Zapato - Pressed BurritoBeer. lots of beer.
south beach garaje...soma garage diner...straight through and to the order counter...pilsner $5 and chimay $8...ordering a taco and meal each...$44 total for beer and food for 2....taking a number, standing and sipping beer...open table seating, but all table full below...not wanting to go upstairs balcony seating, rather wait for food and table...quick turnaround and taking a seat..placing number on table and waiting....the juicy pastrami sandwich is pure bliss at $10...right amount of meat goodness and vegetable slaw...cadillac taco is surf and turf heaven at $6...mouthful of shrimp and steak...so good...crab cake at $10 is a large golden battered hockey puck sized monstrosity...plenty of crab and plenty of batter....sinful deep fried heavy battered crab cake...the fried tilapia taco $5...another golden battered large piece of fish transformed in to a taco....such a glutton...
Ever since I saw a picture of the California steak zapato I HAD to get my hands on one. For my roommates and I, the California burrito is the holy grail of Mexican dishes. This place offers something similar called a California zapato or flattened grilled burrito. It's filled with avocado, fries, steak, pico, and cheese. WOW. It was so good. The grilled outside added a crunch to compliment the soft inside. The steak was of high quality unlike your typical Taqueria. I will be back to eat one of these probably more often than I should!I also really enjoyed their selection of beer on tap. It was refreshing to see a bunch of beers I had never heard of, I'm always down to try something new.
This place is a great addition to the neighborhood - really good California/Mexican food and amazing beer on tap (although I didn't look past the Chimay). Can't wait for it to be open Saturdays. And btw people, 'cash only' is not a reason to take a star off your Yelp rating.
A "no crap on tap" sign is posted at the front and boy do they mean it. Great beer selection. I went with a delicious stout last night. I usually get the tacos (which get 5 stars from me) but this time I got a burger. The burger is a no-frills classic -- exactly the way burgers should taste like.
I really enjoy this place! A good rotating beer selection, really tasty food, and the tax is included in the price. What more could you ask for?Well it would be nice if it was a little closer to work in order to do lunch there more often. Additionally it's just a bit inconvenient since it's cash only.Does any of that make it less then five stars? No.Basically if you haven't been here before you owe it to yourself to give it a try. You know you want to!
Came with a group from work. We tried the burger, pork fries, zapato, grilled fish taco, fried fish taco, and the ahi and avocado taco. They were out of the Drake's Hef but the bartender recommended a belgian (can't remember) that was quite good. Wasn't a big fan of the ahi taco. It was a little plain. The grilled fish taco was awesome though. Really flavorful and dressed with guac. Fish tacos are one of my favorites and these guys do it right. The fried fish taco was good too. The fish was pipping hot and had a nice crisp batter coating. It could have used a little more of that chipotle mayo but it was still good. Pork fries were really rich. It came piled high with various toppings. Everything kind of got stuck together with melted cheese so it was a little difficult to share but still good. They have about 4-5 TVs that were playing both the A's and Giant's games. I'd definitely come here again to grab a beer, watch the game, and eat some great fish tacos.
Best beer battered fish taco. Everything is pretty good but get the freakin fish taco. The thai shrimp comes in second. GET THE FISH TACO!
I love Garaje. It's unassuming, chill, has good food for reasonable prices, has an uncommon beer list and has a lot of TVs turned to sports. Since its opening, the menu has changed a bit, but the quality of food has always been great. - Cali Steak Zapato ($8) - 5/5 - A griddle-pressed quesadilla with steak, fries, pico de gallo and cheese. - Como Se Llama? ($5) - 5/5 - This is Garaje's interpretation of Taco Bell's Double Decker taco but way better! - The Cadillac ($6) - 4/5 - Huge Steak and prawn taco. Tasty but I prefer the Zapato or Como Se Llama? taco. - Homemade corn chips with salsa and guacamole ($5) - 5/5 - Thicker cut strips of tortilla chips with great guacamole. - Garaje Potato Chips ($3) - 4/5 - Was this taken off the menu? Crispy chips that I dipped in their salsa (asked for it) but didn't see it on the menu recently. Since opening a few months ago, Garaje's popularity seems to be gaining. There is also an upstairs area that can be reserved. My only gripe? There is only one bathroom for the whole place. Come on, you serve more beers than soda - people need more than 1 bathroom! Honestly, that really limits my time spent at Garaje. I would love to hang out and drink more there, but I know I don't want to deal with the bathroom line. I doubt that their sales strategy?!?Note: 1) Cash only! 2) Only open M-F. I guess they value their weekends like everyone else!
The Garaje is equipped with top notch carbonated fluids to get you good and lubed before you experience there Cal-Mexelente menu of mouth presents! The vibe is chill and they keep the lights down low so you don't feel skanky while you fill-up. The location is prime for pre or post game pleasures! I urge you to park yourself all up in the Garaje and get down and dirty!
Definitely a cool atmosphere to spend that hour (if you're lucky) lunchbreak you've got. A bit of a line during the 12-2pm hours as everyone is trying to get their eats in. You go up to the friendly folks at the register, order, take your number and they'll deliver your meal in about 5-10 minutes. There's plenty of seating for your dine-in option, an upstairs and downstairs area. Lots of people take their lunch in Garaje, but the noise level isn't too much of a problem. And there are TVs all around the place to keep you distracted. First of all. CASH ONLY! There is an ATM, but that fee though... I've been here a couple times and have stuck to their Zapatos. The best way to describe it would be a semi-flattened rice-less burrito, filled with french fries. I've had the cali steak and the Surfer Leo (Tilapia), both were good and quite filing, but I liked the cali steak much more! And for $8 in this area, I'd say a great deal. Also had Garaje's carne asada fries, and yum! A bit smaller than to what I'm used to, but they definitely load it all on.I've noticed that they have happy hour during 3-7 for $2 tacos! Will def be back to try the tacos!
Great tostaditos (recommend you get 2) and had the Zapatos was really good...get the cali steak zapatos and you will be surprised by packed it is. I thought ti would be too little food but the 2 tostaditos and the zapatos was enough for 2 of us. We also got beer and a ginger beer (maybe too sweet) there. The line is short, and service is friendly. I love how they have the cell phone chargers at each table.
Very busy place with long lines (esp, during lunch time). Friendly staff. Try their carne asada fries and Zapatos!! And they have beverages from Bundaberg :)
This place has been on my radar for some time now and I finally got to try it out. It gets busy during lunch but their service is pretty fast and so you won't be waiting too long. I only tried the cali steak zapato so I can't comment on their tacos. The zapato is basically a burrito but instead of rice and beans it's filled with fries. (yum!). The flavors are good and for lunch it's not bad. If you're in the area, it's a solid spot to check out!
1 star off for not having al pastor.I got their el camino which is carne asada and shrimp. The shrimp is perfectly cooked so that it is juicy and tender. The steak is just ok. Their carnitas is kinda bland.The baja fish is pretty decent as the fish is not super battered. The huac just add more flavor to it
Funny thing is, I've walked by Garaje a few times and have never noticed this place, until my friend suggested grabbing drinks and pigging out on savory Mexican food. And I'm glad she suggested this place!Garaje is pretty hidden since there isn't a sign sticking out of the building like the other places adjacent to it. It's a really great place to wind down after work.Of course, you must get a beer and a zapato. Not sure if a zapato is a traditional Mexican food, but it's pretty much a panini-like quesadilla. Deliciosa! And oh my gosh.... the carne asada fries!! I couldn't stop eating that. It was generously piled with guacamole, aka the holy fruit that makes everything taste better.Service is a little slow, but not terrible. Employees here are really friendly, too. I'd definitely come back if I'm craving Mexican food and a good ol glass of beer on tap. :)
Old Garage/Auto shop converted into restaurant :) Cute place with license plates all overGet:1) cash before coming here (no CC's accepted)2) there early before the lunch crowd!3) the carne asada fries and zapatos I also hear their sangria is quite wonderful - but haven't tried it yet.
Cali Steak Zapato = a dry-ish burrito smashed in a panini press. Really wanted to love it, but wasn't impressed. While I give them credit for the concept, it isn't nearly as tasty as most burritos or paninis I've had. The french fries were a needless filler as it didn't add much to the Zapato besides bulk and calories. The place was super busy with hipsters and I can see the appeal. The beer selection was quality stuff. The staff is also very friendly and efficient. This is a good alternative when HRD is overflowing down the street.
Amazing food... there's a reason the line is out the door. Ordering isn't particularly quick, but the food comes out pronto. Great beer selection too! The street tacos are killer.NOTE: CASH ONLY.
Yummm! Friendly staff and impressive beer menu. Great food: we got the carnitas Cali Zapato and the fried crab sandwich. Also a plus to beat the lunch rush.
One of the best hamburgers in the Bay Area!I tried some Mexican food there as well and it was very good, but their cheeseburger still WINS! Make sure to put the fried egg in it.The meat is juicy and perfectly cooked as medium-rare, and a slice of tomato, pickles, shredded cabbage and melting cheese makes it the perfect hamburger. Again, don't forget to ask for the egg, which makes your mouth water.You order and pay first, and they will bring your ordered items to your table. Caution: Cash only. If you go there for lunch, try to get there before 12:00, otherwise there is a long line although they are very efficient and friendly.They have a great and unique selection of beer.I tried their Sangria, and it was super delicious! It is half frozen and you will love it especially on the hot days.They have a cool vibe and very fun ambience.Again, their cheeseburger is a MUST TRY!!!!
On a recent trip we were staying in the neighborhood and found this place through Yelp. It was amazing, the food was so good, the sangria was very good, the ambiance was nice like a locals bar, and the service was very good. We had the carnitas street tacos, the fish and chips, and the crazy double cheese burger. It was all very good and very fresh. I will be going back the next time I'm in the city.
4.5 stars Cash only, but the handy-dandy ATM inside charges a very reasonable $1.95 fee to withdraw money *rolls eyes* If the communal table or 4-person booth is too ordinary for you, then the pair of wooden school desks might strike your fancy. Edibles: -- Thai prawn taco: a decent attempt at fusing Asian with Mexican, but I just didn't love the large, undercooked shrimp or the spices used. -- beer battered tilapia taco: loaded with cabbage & chipotle mayo. Giant portion of fish. Crispy, tasty. 5 stars! -- Cali steak zapatos: a pressed, crispy flour tortilla filled with skirt steak (well done), avocado, pico de gallo, jack cheese, & FRIES! Full of textures & wonderful flavors. Obviously, 5 stars! -- did not try: street tacos (carnitas & skirt steak.)Total: $22 Parking--under freeway overpass.
Garaje is not how it seems. There is a sign for applause in the doorway, and that's exactly how I felt after experiencing Garaje: like applauding. The inside is adorable, all booths in the middle of the room and side tables with license plates from every state mounted on the wall and street names from various parts of the city arranged right above every side table. There's a sign over the alcohol that says "No crap on tap". Duly noted. I ordered the sangria on tap, which was made like this: the cashier dropped an ice cream bar like chunk of frozen sangria and pour the wine on tap into a glass, thus making some of the smoothest, sweetest, most delicious sangria I've ever had.I also ordered a burger with guac, which came wrapped up and dripping goodness. The guac was perfect, just the way guac should be. The burger tasted like it was of great quality, and the bun was pretty great as well. My friend ordered the carne asada fries, which were pretty awesome as well, chock full of guac, cheese, sour cream, great fries, and delicious steak.I am aching to try the California burrito. Garaje's siren call is luring me back, and I know I'll be back as soon as humanely possible.
This place is somewhat of a hidden gem. Came here for a group lunch. Seating is a bit tough for a big group downstairs, but we were able to sit upstairs. The stairway was chained off, and we had to ask permission to go upstairs. Not sure if that's the case all the time.We arrived here just before the lunch rush. As soon as it hit noon, it got super busy, and there was a long line behind us.The menu is a good size, and everything looked to be under $8.00 For what you pay, you get a good serving of food. Their fish tacos were pretty good. Fish tasted fresh, and wasn't fried to death. It was just a tad bit greasy for my liking, but not a huge deal.It was pretty hot in the restaurant, not sure why there wasn't more air circulating, especially around the counter where you order.Make sure you bring cash, as they don't take card. Lastly, I was surprised they didn't have a website, especially after going inside and seeing that they aren't exactly a hole -the-wall kind of place. If you Google their name, you should be able to find a restaurant review site that has their (not sure if it's up-to-date) menu.Overall, I'd probably head back here again.
What a great place! Got 3 different tacos. The MOJO Fish and Ahi Tuna were amazing. They're loaded with extras and super flavorful. I will definitely be back.
Great eclectic spot with really friendly service and good food. Garaje has some odd hours but once you figure those out you're in for a good treat. The place is pretty low key but offers some amazing beers and you can try them before you order a full beer too. I also like that they pour the beers in the glasses that they're supposed to be served in versus a pint glass. The California burrito is awesome and I'd highly recommend that.Great spot for inexpensive good beer and food.
Probably the best burger I've had in recent memory. It's everything a burger should be: a wonderfully juicy mess packed between two toasty buns. Flavorful, hearty, totally unhealthy and delicious. For the low price of $6 my wallet sings as my arteries cry out in bittersweet agony. Their beer menu is pretty darn great. I tried the Duchess one, which was very surprising and complex. Its dark brown/red coloration makes you expect something deep, thick and stout-like, but instead it was strangely sweet, with flowery hints of dark dark chocolate. I highly recommend it, but you won't be lacking for other viable and exciting beer choices. On this particular occasion, the beau and I were feeling extra hungry, and since the burgers were so good, what else could we do but split an order of fish and chips? It was seriously satisfying -- the fish was perfectly cooked, and the french fries seemed to embody everything that a french fry should be. Not too thick, not too thin, and perfectly crispy. After checking out these pictures, I can't wait to go back and try some of their taco confections and seared ahi tuna. Garaje, my tummy salutes you.
This is one of my favorite go to spots for quick eats to hit up before going to the ball game. It can get really packed, but it makes perfect sense why. This place is consistent and also offers hella beers on tap. Their tacos are solid and the zapatos are a must try. Cash only!
HOLY BAJEEBUS. THEIR CALIFORNIA STEAK PRESSED BURRITO = FREAKING BURRITO HEAVEN.Okay, I have to admit- I'm a TOTAL texture eater. If flavors of food are good, then I usually rate it okay but if a particular food has multiple textures - soft, melty, crunchy, etc. I go bananas. In this case, I went BONKERS.Look, I had been looking for a really good food place in SF for about a year and this one definitely is up there. Let me describe to you just a fraction of what you may experience when eating one of these as one does not merely write about food as it does not capture its full essence.Imagine getting a medium sized burrito- good enough so that you're content with your food. Then, imagine if it was under a clothing iron on both sides so that the outer wrap is effing crunchy. Next, take a bite- you'll be experiencing the creaminess of the melted cheese, the subtle sweetness of the avocados, and a slight saltiness with some crunch via the french fries inside the burrito. Yeah, there's the chewiness of the steak too, which meld together to create one SEXY burrito.I would totally come here again. And bring all my friends. And make them bring all their friends. Seriously, this is something you shouldn't overlook. Come here. Now.I'm not joking.
{ overall : 5 stars }{ food : 4.5 stars }BURGER  whether you get the single or crazy dave's double, you can't go wrong (except maybe if you forget to order the bacon)TACO (cadillac)  solid item. a huge mound of carne asada meat and shrimp on top of two soft taco shells, held together by a layer of cheese. carne asada has so much flavor on it's own, their marinade spot on! speaking of... ZAPATOS (skirt steak) good, but not my favorite dish there. kind of like super quesadilla but less cheesy?FISH n CHIPS fish was fresh, crunchy batter areas were extra yummy. coleslaw was lacking flavor for meCARNE ASADA FRIES a must get, but should be shared. it's a lot of food and they give you tons of carne asada!! so generous. i recommend adding jalapenos for the extra kick and pickled flavor{ drinks : 5 stars }CHIMAY on tap, should i say more?SANGRIA my favorite. it's slightly blended, i don't even like blended drinks but i love this!{ service : 5 stars } * everyone is super friendly* service is fast{ atmosphere : 4.5 stars }* cool, hip, relaxing environment* a little noisy, so if you're on a first date and trying to get to know each other you may want to stay away, unless you want to people watch{ tips }* they only accept cash, but they have an atm inside* closed on weeks (boo!!!)* street parking is free after 7 pm* they have iPhone 5 chargers for our use! (at the tables along the wall, duh they need outlets)
San Franciscans love their food. Especially lunch. It seems like every time I come to this fair city I end up noshing at a delicious place where the following occurs:-Walk farther than expected to previously searched (Yelped) lunch location-Arrive and stand in line-Wait in line some more-Read the *cash only* signs-Smack head that after 3 years of traveling back and forth to SFO that I still a) never pack appropriate clothing for the weather and b) never remember to hit up an atm for cash-Exhale a sigh of relief that I have *just enough* cash to purchase a meal-Order & part with cash-Eyestalk the tables around me so that perhaps my group of lunchers can dine together-Pounce on an open table-Wait for food & collect my own water, plasticware, napkins and other accoutrements -Stuff face-Leave happyGaraje followed all of the above. Good thing that their fish and guac taco lived up to the hype. It was fresh, topped with bright guacamole and slivers of red onions. $6 seems a little steep for a half of a palm sized serving of fish, but the freshness won me over right away. With a garage like feel and a myriad of offerings, it's no wonder that Garaje appeals to the masses.
Great juicy burger. The fish taco was so-so. Thought it was a bit lacking in substance. Good beer selection.
I had the jalapeo slaw and the Rolls Royce, it was really good. I got there right when they opened and they immediately had a line forming after that so arrive early.
I can definitely see the appeal of this place. Fun atmosphere, good prices, lots of liquor. Their food is kind of of nauseating. I've tried the carne and fish zapatos here and they all have very heavy milky sauces. The first time I ate the fish I threw up. I love oily/heavy/dairy laden food too so it's not like I'm not used to the stuff.
The zapatos with cal steak combines avocado, cheese, skirt steak, and pico de gallo. Excellent! I was able to get in and out within 25 minutes also.
Coming from San Diego and not being a real fan of the mexican food in SF (minus the dirty dogs LOL) el Garaje is one of the few places that I'm happy to get my Mexican fix at.If you work in the area, definitely check this place out for lunch. Currently making my way through the menu but a must try is the Cali Steak Zapato.For those of you that have eaten a true California burrito before, the Cali Steak Zapato is younger, smaller cousin of one. French fries, guac, cheese, carne asada, + grilled burrito is as close as you can get to the real thing. Obviously nothing can match a real California burrito but this does a good job at getting silver. Great place to catch games, lots of TVs + beers on tap. They also have an upstairs area that has huge projectors.TIP: $$$ CASH ONLY
Love this place. Food is awesome. Very tasty. Cash only, but that's not a problem with me. $10 can give you a good meal. $15 can give you a great one. I've had the carne asada zapato - delicious, the crab sandwich - delicious, and the maverick zapato, a crab cake zapato - also delicious. Batting 1000 so far. My buddy had to wait 50 minutes for his food and was complaining. Well, he stopped complaining after a bite!
Enjoyed a solid burger ($6) and fries ($2) from Garaje. I can't say I would add them to my top burger in SF list but definitely a good spot for this neighborhood.The line trends pretty long during lunch, it probably takes on average 20 minutes or so to order so just make sure to plan in advance.P.S. Cash only but props on the establishment for including tax in the dollar amount.
Now this is what I'm talking aboutGaraje delivers in every realm of their business, which explains the line which trailed out by the door - the whole time we were eating here.They keep it simple, but their food is phenomenal.I'm still swooning over my ahi tuna salad.The interior is full of character, but it's still very inviting and casual. Keep in mind that it's cash only (though they do have an ATM inside) and that it gets busy during the week - so try to arrive early if you want to snag some upstairs table-top seating or one of the cozy booths downstairs. You order at the counter - but their entire staff are running around with kind welcoming grins - bringing their delicious dishes to each table with efficient ease. Each dish that whizzed by my looked like a winner. Truly. All of their ingredients are fresh and they beam with love and care. I ordered the Jose Wong salad - which came with romaine greens, peppers, cilantro, hoisin chile dressing, and of course thick slabs of melt in your mouth Ahi tuna. I opted out of the peanuts and corn chips- and instead had guacamole on it.It was heavenly.Each bite was packed with superb flavor and the portion was a beautiful size too.If you have yet to go to Garaje - remedy that quickly. It might be one of my new favorite downtown/SOMA spots.Trust.
Tastiest tacos I've had in my time in this mortal coil. If I were in town any longer, I'd eat here for lunch and dinner every day until I waded through the menu.Cash only, which the unfortunate guy in front of me discovered too late. It also gets insanely crowded at lunchtime, which he also discovered when he came back in 10 minutes and the line was out the door.
Some co-workers introduced me to this joint the other day. Wow - what a discovery! Judging by the line trailing out the door, the word has quickly spread that Garaje is one of SOMA's best lunch spots. The set-ip is pretty casual. You order at the counter (Cash-only, btw) and then wait for your food to be delivered to your table. The menu is pretty simple - tacos, burgers, and salads (all made with the finest ingredients). I wound up ordering 2 seared ahi tacos. Damn fine choice if I may say so myself. The tuna was fresh and cooked to perfection (not too raw, and full of flavor). The fish came served on soft flour tortillas and with a generous helping of guacamole and salsa. In retrospect, I would have been full after just one taco. But how can you complain about too much of a good thing?My co-workers all seemed happy with their orders. The dish that really caught my eye was the Jose Wong salad (which comes with romaine lettuce, peppers, cilantro, peanuts, crispy corn chips, seared ahi tuna and hoisin chili dressing). It was a huge salad (big enough for two people). The food at Garaje will definitely make you thirsty. Thankfully, they serve beer and wine. But I would recommend ordering the Mexican Coke (the beverage; not the illegal substance). Not too many places around town serve this kind of cola in the old school bottles. Totally refreshing!Although the place is packed, the service was super friendly. Everyone from the cashier to the waitress wore a big smile. No one seemed overly stressed by the huge crowd.I can't wait to go back to Garaje soon and try their other dishes or pick up some food to go before a Giants game.
This place is just too cool and too delicious! Have you tried the crab crack!?! If you haven't, you definitely should. Holy crap their sangrias are just amazing, love em! This place always makes me happy when I come in, I always try to beat the rush because well, the line gets REAL long. Be mindful that it is cash only but the ATM is right at the entrance, so no need to run to a liquor store to go get any money. Tacos are delicious, burritos are tasty as hell. This place is definitely a SF favorite, love that I live so close. Please do go here! Service is always excellent and the music Rocks.
I ordered the Cali Steak Zapato- super interesting way of doing burritos! The fries inside added a great touch too. The atmosphere was the best part. I came during lunch on a Wednesday and the place was packed! The Champions league was playing, people were drinking, eating great food, and was just a great place for lunch break.
Fun, chill place on 3rd street hidden next to a liquor store. I've walked past this place twice a day, every day, for a year without seeing it. I got the Zapato with steak and fries which I thought was tasty-- the meat was juicy and fresh tasting. My favorite part? They have a great craft beer selection -- many from breweries I wasn't familiar with for regular SF prices (~$6 each). Worth a visit! Also have big screen TVs, and a ton of seating. Food came out fast, which was great.
Thank you Garaje for opening up in my hood! Cheap, but quality eats around AT&T park are so hard to come by...I've tried the steak crispy taco, the beer battered tilapia taco, the burger, and 2 zapatos, the Surfer Leo and the Cali Steak and all I can say is YOU MUST TRY THE SURFER LEO! The combination of freshly fried fish, french fries, cheese, avocado, and mayo resulted in a fantastically smooth and melt-in-your-mouth filling wrapped in a panini-pressed tortilla. The texture was indescribable. The filling itself was barely seasoned, borderline bland, but that is why they have a selection of hot sauces (Cholula, Crystal's, Frank's, Sriracha, and more) for you to add to your liking. I personally liked the spicy and vinegary Crystal's with my Surfer Leo - a couple dashes in each bite completed the dish. The Cali Steak zapato was good too - the carne and the salsa made it more flavorful so it did not require any hot sauce, but the salsa made part of the tortilla soggy. Overall the steak zapato was great, but how do you compete with the perfection that is Surfer Leo? The perfectly fried fish taco was also very good, but lacked the creamy mouthfeel of the Surfer Leo and therefore could not compete.On the other hand, the steak taco and burger were, in my opinion, just average. I'm really not sure why people rave about the burger, I've had much more flavorful burgers before. The fries were tasty though! I think what I've concluded in my multiple trips to Garaje is that their fried food rocks.Besides their food, the other thing I love about Garaje is their attention to all the little details that improve your experience:1) Booths in the middle of the dining area instead of along the walls? Brilliant! No more having to ask the person beside you to get up so you can get out of your seat!2) All prices include tax - Since it is cash only, you don't end up with a bunch of change in your wallet.3) It's clean and organized. I mean, all the hot sauce bottles are carefully arranged with the labels facing outward! Talk about paying attention to detail! Also, super friendly employees and good beer selection. Better than a nearby brewery which shall remain unnamed... My only complaint? Boo, iPhone 5 chargers. Yes, I am part of the anti-Apple minority in SF. I mean, my friend with an iPhone 4S couldn't even use that charger... Way to not have a universal standard, Apple....
This place is awesome. Came here with a bunch of coworkers to check out what it was all about and I've been back a few times already. From the outside, you would think this place was just another bar but once you get in there is fact a busy kitchen churning out delicious bar food. Their menu might seem small but once you get closer to the register, their is a menu with all of their items on it.Anyways, the first time I got the chicken sandwich and the second time I got a burger. Both were delicious. Moist, cooked well and very filling. Adding fries for $2 gave me more than enough food. Make no mistake that this place is not for those planning to eat healthy. This is bar food, but good bar food.
Genius! They have iphone chargers at the tables for you to charge your phone! Life saver!! CASH ONLY!- boo, but you know what, now you know and they have ATM machines there for you, just in case you forget.The food is delicious, no lie. I dont know what it is about that, i mean its not a super fancy place, but it has all that you need. Tables, chairs, desks..whatever. a place for you to eat, GOOD food, (their tacos) yummmm, and beer. You wont regret eating here. :)
I like the vibe of the place, and I wish they had this open when I used to live in the area. Pretty decent beer selection, and good food at a reasonable price. I do wish that their zapatos had a bit more meat in it... The one thing holding this place back? The lack of housemade hot sauce / salsa. They have a California zapato (instead of burrito) on the menu, but us former San Diegans want that bottle of amazing hot sauce to be pouring into every bite, not store-bought generic Crystals or Sriracha sauce.
No Crap on Tap and the food is amazing. You can't go wrong with any of their burgers. I love the Double Crazy Dave's way. I also recently tried the pork Zapato (sorta like a fried burrito. Or like a Burrito marries a quesadilla). Amazing. NOTE: CASH ONLYYou wait in a line, order, get a number and then wait for your delicious food to come out. They also do take out. So order a beer and down it while you're waiting for your food. You'll thank me.
I love a lot of things about Garaje:1) Burgers are only $6 and delicious2) Good tab and wine selection3) Friendly staff4) Cool (garagey!) decor5) Never too crowded6) A good happy hour spotThe Apple charging stations at each of the tables lined up on the walls is a bit too we-all-live-or-work-in-San-Francisco, but that's basically the only gripe I have.If you're in the neighborhood and want a good lunch or a spot for a happy hour, go here!
The word I'll ascribe to Garaje is: earnest. They seem like some really great guys who are just trying to bring a little beer / burger / taco sunshine to the freeway overpass section of 3rd St. Overall, it's a nice space, good vibe, decent food, and attentive service.They've done a nice job with the space - garaje is Spanish for garage (a surprising number of friends had trouble making this connection), and the place is appropriately done up in retro diner meets motorcycle-theme. I'm guessing the space was a former auto garage of some kind, but you won't feel like you're eating in a garage; everything's been redone, and clean as a whistle.They have a nice list of beers (everything from Mexican to Belgian), with about a dozen on tap, and another dozen in bottles. The food has been sort of hit-or-miss for me. My favorite was probably the $2 crispy tacos during happy hour, but the burger is respectable, and I'm going to have to try more zapatos (sandwich-grilled burritos). My first zapato experience was the "fish & chips" zapato, which I didn't expect to have cheese in it, and was a little of a turn-off.I have no doubt that these guys will up their game over time, and this place will be a great addition to the SOMA scene.
Great food, great place, cheap. I'm really impressed how good this place is.
This spot is legit. Get the Como Se Llama -- it's to die for. The guys who work here are super nice, and the atmosphere is unique and fun. Fish tacos are fresh and delicious. And the way they marinate their steak is on point.
Finally got some Garaje lunch with a coworker and this time got to try - what seems to be - their signature dish - the zapatos -- and it did not disappoint.  If you've never had one - i highly recommend it, delicious dense wrap that is true California cooking perfection.
Came here somewhat serendipitiously with a bunch of co-workers on a friday evening. This place has friendly staff, good ambience and seemed like a good place to watch a game or something!They did not have any legit vegetarian options (only salads), but the person at the counter offered to make an adhoc mexican poutine for me (basically fries topped with cheese, salsa and guac) which was pretty yummy! That with some mexican coke made for a pretty good friday night dinner! The staff seemed really nice and friendly, and they checked on me several times whether I liked their food.This seems like a great place to unwind after work, will probably be coming back soon!
Came here on a Saturday night. Had the cheeseburger, Como se llama, surfer Leo, Jose Wong salad with seared ahi. Great beer selection. Not so great coordination in the kitchen. Our hot food was good but borderline cold. The salad was a little light on the tuna ($12).The atmosphere is great and you can get seats on the second level that overlook the whole place, and in those seats we could see the kitchen, with items ready to go but sitting for too long while the rest of the order was put together. Burger waiting 5 minutes for fries. No heat lamps. That's unacceptable. So at that moment we knew why our food wasn't at its peak. So here's our tips: get a table close to the kitchen window. Order one thing at a time. If you're in a group, order individually. And drink lots of beer. That's what I'll be doing next time I come here.
This is a very cool bar and it gets absolutely packed on game days. They have beer only, which is kind of a bummer, but it's okay with me since I LOVE beer. The food looked fantastic, but I opted to wait and eat at the ballpark (big mistake!). Next time, I'm gonna go after one of the huge burgers at Garaje on my way to the game.
I just don't understand why people rave about this place. I mean, the space is cool, albeit super crowded during lunch (and long wait), and the beer options are good. The food has a potential to be good - but it completely fails to deliver.I tried the carnitas zapato - the meat was super dry and unseasoned, and the overall flavor was just off. I *love* carnitas, so you can imagine my disappointment... Also tried the street style carnitas tacos - again, if the meat were seasoned and not so dry, it may have been more enjoyable, as the non-meat part was good. Last but not least - tried the grilled fish & guac taco. It was definitely the best of the three dishes - but nothing to rave about, or to come back for.
Juicy burger, good fries, and nice beer selection. Just get there before the lunch rush.
Good work! The Zapatos are the shit! I want to know where you find a show with that tread on it! Only down side is a lack of seating and only one pisser. But hey, I came here to drink and eat great tacos and funny shoe sammiches so I'll get over it!!!!
Super simple menu - tacos, burgers, salads, but they're all amazing. I love how casual the set up is - order from the menu above the counter (and friendly wait staff will hand you menus if there is a bit of a line), pay for your food and get a place card for your table so the server knows where to bring your order.I ordered the street style tacos (carne asada and chicken) and my friend had a burger. Both were salivatingly good. Shut up, that's a word. So glad to finally find a lunch spot that isn't the overpriced cafe across the street from the office (where a sandwich - yes, a sandwich - or a salad with chicken costs more than what I paid for my entire meal)!I'd definitely like to come back for happy hour and try the sangria.
Stopped in here for a quick bite to go. The menu was approachable, the prices fair and the service friendly. The atmosphere on Monday night was pretty cool: lots of happy chatter and low lights.I ordered the ahi and the Thai tacos. Both were awesome. And plenty of fish in both...like falling out the sides plenty. I was thinking about getting something to drink but the drink menu wasn't totally clear to me and I was too lazy to ask. I would definitely go back.
I had a great lunch at this place! We definitely missed the rush by going right at twelve but the line moved quickly for the latecomers. I ordered a grilled fish taco and a beer battered fish taco. They were good but the fish and chip taco was massive and it was hard to get a bite that had all the flavors appropriately melding together. Now lets talk carne asada fries. Wow! I could have solely eaten those for lunch. My fish tacos took a back seat once I started getting down on those things. The meat was super tender and delicious, the guacamole added the perfect creaminess to the dish.I definitely recommend trying this place, you will not be disappointed. I've heard good things about stopping by for happy hour as well. You can't beat the service, it was really friendly they genuinely appreciate you choosing to go and eat there!
There's nothing bad you can really say about this place. Let me put it this way. I don't like crab. I also don't like coleslaw. However, I sampled crispy crab crack with a side of coleslaw and they were delicious. So everyone else must be making it wrong.
Solid burgers, good casual dining option. Would come back again.
This place is a block from where I live so I eat here pretty often. God damn it's so solid. Like a "you-ate-a-bunch-of-meat-and-no-veggies-so-you-have-a-hard-time-dropping-one" solid.Fried chicken sando, cali steak zapatos, carne asada fries, 4 solid stars. Good food, friendly staff, and beer. Good times.That extra one star comes from the fact that tax is included in their pricing, and that they have a nice selection of hot sauces for me to burn my tongue with.
(PEEP MY FOOD PORN FOR THIS PLACE)Finally, a much needed Mexi-fusion place in SoMa! AKA no more liquor store snacks to curb my hunger cause there really isn't anything appetizing in this area. I mean, there is that lame indian restaurant across the street (yelp.com/biz/ruchi-san-f) or that totally over-priced italian spot next door but meh. Anyway, this place is adorable. Nice, open space with an industrial feel to it. Great selection of beers on tap - samples provided! There are tv's with different games on, table-top seating upstairs and booths downstairs. The food..Ordered the Cadillac taco ($6) and every bite was to die for. Jumbo shrimp, avo, lettuce, cheese, steak and a double tortilla plus a whole lot of salsa and lime - I was in heaven and surprisingly full off of one taco. It's cash-only and there is an ATM available inside. I will be back for HH! ^_^
Awesome food, great beer selection. Cash only is kind of annoying- but will definitely keep going to try everything on the menu
Best place to chill eat and have a drink!! Love this place! Food is amazing and the staff is as well
Came here Friday around noon for some lunch with pals. Wow that's a long line! I was prepared with cash in hand (though they do have an ATM) and began thinking about what to order. We were five in the group, and I probably wouldn't come here with a super- large group as it can get pretty crowded. it's an order at the counter, get your meal brought to you type of deal so that's easy enough. The food comes out pretty fast as well, so your main time obstacle seems to be the line.Lots of good things to try- I settled on a ginger beer, ahi taco, and fish & guac taco. Other yelpers said the ahi was the best, but I think I liked the guac one better. Co-workers had the como say llama, which is basically a double-decker taco you can fill with chicken, steak or carnitas. I'll probably get one of those next time. Lots of beers on tap to try, though I did not partake. I'm curious to see what their happy hour is like, and they have some TV's in there for soccer and baseball fans as well. Definitely ading to the rotation.
With decent Mexican and burgers, Garaje is a great addition to SOMA.Located on a gritty block of Third Street north of Bryant, Garaje (Spanish for "garage") replaces Bill's Kitchen & Teriyaki. The dimly lit dining area--think old garage space turned into a casual restaurant--is sparsely decorated with street signage, giving the place a post-industrial feel.The menu is simply divided into tacos, zapatos (a burrito pressed in a panini machine), burgers, beer, and "things that go with beer." Cooked medium as ordered, the drive-in burger ($6 single, $8 double) with bacon, American cheese, pickles, lettuce, tomato, and Thousand Island dressing was tasty and juicy. Extra napkins required. Yum. The basket of house-fried potato chips was pretty good, but not mind-blowing. Carnitas street tacos ($5 for 2) are cut-it-with-a-fork tender and moist with just the right amount of fat--not too greasy, not too lean and dry. The grilled ahi and guacamole taco ($5) was succulent and fresh. The zapatos include Pete's no meat ($6), mojo chicken ($7), and surfer Leo ($8). There is a good selection of hot sauces for the fire eating patrons. To quench your thirst, there are seven beers on tap, including Green Flash IPA, and 11 by the bottle--more than enough to extinguish the flames from hitting the Tapatio sauce too hard.Service was fast and friendly. The music was lively and upbeat, but not too loud. Note that Garaje is cash only, but there is an ATM in the restaurant.With a nice vibe--good music, great service, plenty of TVs so you can catch your choice of sporting events, tasty food, and plenty of beer--Garaje is a winner.
Slowly going down the menu at this place...and so far I'm impressed.First time here I ordered their Crazy Dave's Double cheeseburger and added a fried egg on top. That thing was a beast and I can literally feel my arteries clogging up. But it was delicious and I wanted more....*belly slowly growing*Second time there I had their Cali Steak Zapatos w/ Carne Asada and a side of their homemade potato chips.Chips = awesome! Zapatos = very filling and i loved it. I like the fact their are french fries mixed in with the cheese, salsa, carne asada, avocado, etc. Topped it off with some Tapatio for that kick and it's golden.Third time there, had their Seared Ahi Tuna Taco and The Cadillac Taco.Both dishes were great and don't let the size fool you...they'll fill you up!I'm just going to keep coming back to this place....it's that good...and its cheap toO!
Great food and good beer, but it's really crowded. The reason for the one star is they don't take credit cards. This is a new restaurant. With the myriad of payment options these days there is no legitimate reason to not take credit cards other than sketchy tax dodging. It's annoying and inconvenient. Pull it together and take credit cards.
Awesome! Probably just had the best SoCal-style California Burrito I've yet found in SF--legit carne asada, spiced perfectly, and pico that exploded with fresh tomato flavor. Seriously, it tasted like my mom's salsa with garden fresh tomatoes. Look for the "Cali steak" zapato.FYI:Zapato = grill-pressed burrito.Bocadillo = panini-pressed torta (sandwich).BOTH DELICIOUSI'm going to be eating here frequently. So stoked to have a new place with good food and beer near the office.
have one of the best fish taco. Sauce is good an fish was big..
Great beer selection, nice menu options. I had the fried crab sandwich, which is basically a giant crab cake. For $13, I considered it a great deal. It was well made, and the roll it was on was grilled and light.It was quite crowded, but I found a spot in the mezzanine.Cash only, so plan appropriately.
This place is awesome.In an area where there really aren't any casual bars pops up Garaje. They've got some amazing beers on tap, some amazing beers in bottles, you can get a good deal on some happy hour tacos and the guys who work there are super chill.Definitely worth checking out. Nothing nicer than a quesadilla and some St. Bernardus on a Friday afternoon!
Do not get the Jose Wong salad. I asked for. "healthy" recommendation and they took me to this spicy, my-mouth-is-on-fire, "it's not bad", "it's also not bomb", salad. My friend got the Zapatos Carnitas and I wanted to snatch it and run. It was delishious. My salad on the other hand...
The beer battered tilapia taco's are bangin!
Great fish tacos. The beef was also excellent. I do not recommend the chips and Salsa as that is not that great. The seating can sometimes be challenging but you can usually find a table within 5-10 minutes. Great beer selection for reasonable price.
I've only had one thing on the menu, becasue why bother when I find something i love. The Cheeseburger is off the freaking charts, the fries impeccable, it's sloppy good old fashioned tasty goodness!
I loved.. yes past tense LOVED Garaje until they messed up my order and then blamed me for their mistake.. CRAPPY CUSTOMER SERVICE!!I walked into Garaje with my co-worker before Christmas because I was craving the tuna sando and it would be another 2 weeks before I will come by to Garaje for lunch. I walked up to the cashier and our conversation was:Me: Can I get the tuna sando...I look at my coworker and said "did you want to try the crab sando?"Cashier: The crab sando is really good!Co-worker: Ok, I'll try the crab sandoMe to co-worker: Fries?Co-worker to cashier: which one is good? the carne asada fries or the carnitas fries?Cashier: Carne asada is my favoriteCo-worker: ok, let's get the carne asada friesMy co-worker pays for the tab, we grab our number and sit down. We sit down and about 15 mins later our carne asada fries come out. We eat that up and then a couple of mins later his crab sando comes. Another 15 mins passed and I still did not get my tuna sando. I wave down a server and asks him where my order was and he said it was coming. 10 mins later, he plops a tuna TACO and before he leaves, I said this is wrong... I ordered a tuna SANDO. He grabs the taco and walks off. He comes back empty handed and said I ordered the taco... really?? you are going to tell me what I ordered?! ( hey buddy, I know what I ordered.. so don't tell me I ordered the taco when I said SANDO). He then says, I will get you a sando and walks off... Another 30 mins passed and nothing! I asked the server where my order was... and he did nothing... over an hour has passed from the time I ordered my sando... I got fed up and walked up to the cashier. He didn't apologize, instead he said "All I heard was tuna and thought taco and we charged you for the taco. I was going to give you the sando for the price of the taco." I gave him a blank look and said "Hey, the sando didn't come and I waited over an hour... so I don't really care if you were going to give me the sando for the price of a taco... I didn't get my meal!! That is the issue! Just refund my money so I can go..." If I paid for the price of the taco, let me know and I will pay for the difference to get my SANDO! No one came by my table to apologize or told me that this will be fixed.CRAPPY SERVICE!! UGH SOO MAD!
Awesome tacos and great place to hangout and eat. We had the seared ahi tuna, beer battered fish, thai shrimp and the pan fried fish. All great with the ahi tuna and the shrimp tacos being my favorite. Cash only. Service was great and cashier gave us amazing recommendations!
Had a more-than-decent burger and fries and was plesantly surprised by the decor. Right up the street from where I live, and I was toally unaware of this spot. I do have to say, the attractive servers are a bit disarming - that burger may not have been as good as I thought it was .... but definitely worth the trip. Looking at other reviews, I'm going to have to go back for some of the other options.
I never write reviews but after my experience I thought it was important to share.I went here a few days ago. Loved the concept, cool place. My boyfriend got the burger, we shared the crab crack, and I got the carnitas tostadita. Everything tasted great and all was good... Until I got home.Ended up having food poisoning which was miserable!!! I want a place like this to do well so owners if you read your reviews I just wanted you to be aware. I have a feeling it was the carnitas cuz thinking about it now still makes my stomach hurt. Please make sure your employees are monitoring your meat and food quality better so your customers don't get sick!
Yelpers have waxed lyrical about the atmosphere, cash only and more of Garaje and they're spot on. So what do you need me to tell you? A friend and I stopped here as our last meal in San Francisco before leaving for our flight home. There's something special about having a friend you can share a cheeseburger with without guilt or explanation. Whether it's meant to be done in this way or not, we shared a few items between ourselves and both loved that malt vinegar was one of the condiments for the chips.But the real standout here that I'd say everyone needs to order is the ahi and avo taco. Order it and prepared to leave with no regrets.
Garaje was maybe a couple blocks from the AT&T park and I am so glad that the restaurant we were supposed to go to was closed for a private event.So we ended up here...Indeed a Blessing in Disguise...We got here around 4-ish....for a pre-game before heading out to the Giants game.We sorta got lost because none outside the little building said Garaje...So TIP#1 if you are looking for this place.. Find the sign that says "unibrogue"...It is beside a vietnamese place.We got a table and ordered at the counter. Jonathan was awesome. He took his time to let us know the most ordered items on the menu. He also gave us little tasters of the craft beer they had.Beer:I especially loved the 21st Amendment Watermelon Wheat Ale... I'm sure you ladies will like this too. It's light.. has this watermelony taste to it..and goes down great.We got lucky that they had a bottle of The Lost Abbey's Agave Maria... This bottle was $23.00 for a 12.7 fl. oz... totally worth it.. 13.5% alcohol by vol. ...It's pretty much a tequila beer that has some sweetness to it... And for the GRUB:Wild Ahi Tuna with Avocados Taco : This is on another level.. like legit. YUMMY goodness... it was topped and enhanced with this chimichurri sauce that's oooh sooo goood!Cali Steak Zapatos: me and my husband's favorite? i mean.. how can you not?? it's like a burrite pressed like a thick quesadilla bursting with flavors. The meat was tasty and the cheese.. sooo good!Carne Asada Fries: Get out out here. AMAZING. they did forget to add the fried egg... nonetheless... it was too good to deduct a star from my rating.As we approaced 5pm-6pm.. we noticed the line getting longer and longer... mostly with people just off from work... in other words, Locals....as they say.. a place is good if Locals do go to it...AWESOME VIBE. AWESOME FOOD. AWESOME SERVICE.DEFINITELY RECOMMEND.. and We will definitely come back to try other items on the menu.
Honestly, it's just good. Great beer selection, great americanized mexican food. My only complaint: I wish they had more vegetarian options. That said... their Carne Asada Fries are worth breaking for. Go here, you won't regret it. If they still have the sour red beer, you won't regret getting that eiter.
Ok picky Don found the best hard shell tacos so far In northern California.Home made chips also looked good.'Had the talipia fish taco, the piece of fish was too big, put in two small pieces and it should have some sweet white sauce like Rubio'sI will be back
This might be the only restaurant I've seen whose primary categories are rightfully both "Burgers" and "Mexican." Also seems to me that you could very reasonably classify it as "Sports Bar" since there are a large number of plasma TVs and a wide variety of draft beer. The house sangria, on tap, is quite good, too.I knock a star because the burgers are only so-so, but the Garajes tacos are KICKASS. "Como se llama? Me llama delicious!"Translation: order the como se llama with steak taco. It is freaking fabuloso. Basically a classy version of the Taco Bell double-decker, this hard-shell-refried-bean-soft-shell wrapped taco comes topped with both guacamole and pico de gallo. I also really enjoy the grilled fish taco (also topped with guacamole) and the fried fish taco (fish is both fried and moist, doesn't have guac but could perhaps use it).At $5 each these are not the cheapest tacos around, but I'd call them well worth the money. +Line can be long at lunch, so I recommend getting there before noon if you can.+There is typically more space at dinner time.+They are closed on weekends.+Cash only!
Maverick Zapato (5/5) and Carne Asada Fries (5/5)are awesome! Tacos were pretty good too. The seared ahi and avo taco is like a (3/5) and the Mojo Chicken taco is a (3/5). Beer selection is all micro brews and local stuff, they have a lot of strong beers (above 8%). Fianc says the Sangria is "so frigin amazing".
This is a nice little place in the neighborhood to kick back and enjoy a nice pint of beer and some good eats. The atmosphere is pretty laid back and welcoming - not really a dive but not at all fancy either. They have sports on TV, comfy booths (and many of them) and a great rotating beer selection. I tried the Cali Steak Zapatos that look oh so good in the pictures and they didnt disappoint. The fact that they were pressed gave them a unique look and made them easier to eat than your standard burrito.I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here (hence only four-stars) but if you're in the neighborhood and want to hang out with some friends then I'd recommend you give Garaje a try.
Best burrito I've ever had. I got the Cali steak Zapato, and it was unreal. Also have a very good selection of beer. Just make sure to have cash.
Came here for the Cali Zapata and I ended up ordering the Rolls Royce (The Cali Zapata w/ shrimp added). I think next time I would probably stick with the Cali on its own, but both were pretty good....I just wasn't feeling the shrimp for some reason. Adding some refried beans would really take it to the next level in my opinion, but that's because I grew up eating California burritos that way) Make sure you request their in-house hot sauce (although very mild), unless you're really into the bottled stuff. Awesome beer selection. Places seems like it would be perfect for large groups.
The line is very, very slow, even when it's not long. There are hardly any vegetarian options so TIP: ask for black beans instead of refritos (lard) on your Pete's No Meat zapatos.Good flavor, very cheesy, but I was still a bit hungry afterwards. Bundaberg is the best, so try the ginger beer!
We only had a few days in San Fran and we ate at this place 2x. Nuff said.
Man oh man! This place was great, atmosphere, flavor and the beer was on point. I will definitely be coming back!!!
This is unfortunate and I hope I don't get sick from eating raw meat. My picture says it all.  My burger was totally raw inside. Bright pink hamburger.
They have this taco. A sushi grade piece of Ahi tuna.  With avocado.Lord have mercy.It's like $4.  One of the best fish tacos I've ever had.  Busy at lunch, but it moves fast.
Fourth Street past Howard can be dark and unlively at night, but Garaje gives you a reason to traverse down towards Bryant. Walking in you'll see it buzzing with people (which is a nice turn of events as it shows business is doing well) who want some good food in a casual place that also serves drinks (beer/wine only).I've tried a few different tacos and haven't been disappointed, but my fave is the Cali Steak Zapato. "Think of it like a burrito panini" as the cheery dude with dark rimmed glasses at the front always pitches it. Get the sangria that they blend with ice, or choose from their wide selection of beers. Their guac is fresh and a nice addition to your order.Hot sauce? They got it all on the counter -- Sriracha, Tapatio, Tabasco, whatever you like.Even better? Take a seat at one of the street named tables along the wall and charge your iPhone 5 if you have one.
Excellent tacos, perfect for an after work dinner (our office is close by). Can be a bit loud, but the food is great.
This place is a good mix of american and mexican food. I really like the tacos. The atmosphere is great for a small group for lunch. Order at a counter, but plenty of seating (at least when I've been there). Not a lot of healthy options though unfortunately, but still a great overall experience.
I can't say more nice things about this place. The food is great, they have awesome beers on tap, and most of all, the staff is amazing. I have been here at least 12 times since I moved to SF, and I've become friends with the waiters. They know the beer I love, they know exactly what I want, and they rock. You won't be disappointed.
You COULD read my review on Garaje below..... Or you could simply follow my advice, summed up in two words:JUST GO.That's how good the food is, in my opinion. I think they really "hit it on the head" with this one.This is 100% a lunch spot. The atmosphere is way casual, with sports on the TVs and the alternative decor. During the lunch rush, the place is humming with people, packed in there to the max. Great place to go with a group of friends (umm, haven't done that yet, but all the other groups look like they're having a good time).So why 5 starts exactly? It's THE FOOD. I've moved around the menu quite a bit, and they really don't have a weak spot on it. They obviously paid attention to all the details, and really take there food seriously. The end result is a really tasty meal, that is usually not the healthiest thing ever. In terms of food and the attention to detail, the place really reminds me of Rickybobby in lower Haight. Pulled Pork Sando, Cali Zapatos, and double cheeseburger are some of my favs.
Cash Only huh.....Oh k. Garaje is located on the corner of 3rd and stillman. Across from the parking structure underneath the freeway and down the street from City Nights Nightclub (for all you 18 and over's). While standing in line waiting to order I'm just looking at the decor and I see old garage shop photos, license plates all over the walls and just has that old school vibe. Very "shop garagee", real chill with a slight essence of dive bar. I'm hearing this was an old garage transformed into a restaurant hence the name and the Garage shop look and feel. You'll have to stand in line and order while receiving a number to place on your table. From there your food will be delivered to you and you can make requests with your server if you need more tacos, beer, napkins etc. Garaje is small but what they lack in size they make up for in pure outstanding flavor, good service and a whole lot of bang for your buck.Garaje makes great street style tacos with crafty innovative combinations. I ordered three different types of tacos. First was the Thai Peanut taco which consists of 3-4 marinated sauteed succulent prawns over a Thai slaw with roasted peanuts. Put a smile on my face. Second was the mojo chicken taco. Grilled mojo chicken, fresh cilantro, and cebollas y salsa was a definite winner. Thirdly I had "The Cadillac" taco which had well seasoned carnitas and more of those succulent prawns with lime mayo cabbage and guacamole. Two thumbs up. These tacos pack a major punch. I could have gotten away with just ordering two tacos and would have equally fullfilled my appetite. These tacos are big to the point where you have to devise a gameplan on how to attack the sheer size of the taco. Ordered some beer on tap and the beer was just fine. I'm not real particular with beer as long as it's ice cold I'm good. Great taco spot and a for sure recommendation.
Delicious burgers! I do love their burgers, they have a homemade taste to them. Downside is the place is cash only but there's an ATM that can be used with a transaction fee.
Came here since I was in the area and I've also had this place bookmarked for quite some time as a must try. I ordered the steak Zapatos ($8) and overall it was just a-ok -- kind of small, not enough steak and not very flavorful. I would rather get the NorCal burrito from El Burrito Express in Lower Pac Heights (same price, huge and way more flavorful -- also comes with chips and pico!).May come back to try the tacos but overall thought the Zapatos looked better in pics than how it tasted in person!
Amazing and delicious.. Try the special fries and the tacos.. Love it will come again and again!!!
I made an out-of-the-way effort to eat here, but wouldn't recommend it unless you are jn the area. Had the fish &chips zapato, which was unique sounding, but it was just a sandwiched pressed burrito with fish and French fries, and some guacamole. Good was decent enough, but the service that day, not busy, took 20 min to get my order. To me, that was a bit too long for something that was supposed to be fast and simple.
My goodness. If I was to rate the place on just the burger, I would have given it 4 stars. The burger was pretty good but it was nothing remarkable. Thick, juicy, solid. If you want a good burger, there are few better than the double dave burger here.What really took garaje to the next level wasn't simply their extensive menu or beer selection. It was how good everything was, especially the zapato. The cali steak zapato with carne asada was incredible. I have never had a pressed burrito that delicious. Every bite was packed with flavor. The crisp shell worked beautifully with the soft fries, avocado, and tender meat. I would get the zapato everyday if it wasn't so far from work, but alas. Minor point- I have also never seen such a clean restroom from a sports bar. Seriously, it is incredible. Major props.
2 months of water wasting and still no change in their actions.. every morning they flood the area around with water wastage...
Awesome, really, truly awesome. It's so nice to come back home to a great Mexican meal without having to ask my mom to cook it!
Yes it's a hole in the wall, yes it's chaotic, yes you wonder if these damn zapatos everyone keeps mentioning is really worth all the hype..and Yes, it absolutely is. It's probably all that damn cheese which makes it so tasty. That said, I've had things with an abundance of cheese before and was underwhelmed (ahem..Fondue Cowboy). The food here is absolutely delicious and service is quick. You'll probably be happy which just about anything you order but, for pure bliss, order the Zapato.
Quick Review: really tasty and not expensive. $3 for an amazing taco, $5 for the crazy delicious battered tilapia. Times visited: 1
Great new spot for "Mexican" food. It's cheap, casual and fast. The folks rae also friendly and attentive.The zapatos are definitely the thing to try here.
Got a Carnitas Cali Zapatos (grilled burrito). Southern California people will love this! Here is your California Burrito! Carnitas, fries, avacado, cheese and pico. It was really good and left me wanting more although I did not need it. I will definitely go back and try other menu items. The space is great and the staff was nice. I ordered just before a rush and I got my order in 2-3 minutes. Cash Only, but they have an ATM in the front.
Well price, very good tacos and poblanos. Everything here is fantastic and savory. It hits the spot when your tipsy or way past that. I love spicy and they have the spicy sauce that had the wooden top on it. I grew in San Diego living off of good cheap Mexican food, this really is one of the best Mexican foods in sf
3.5 place certainly has character. carne asada fries were pretty tasty but carnitas zapatos a bit salty and would be better with cali steak
Garaje already rules. Today was better than ever.On one of our Friday beer-and-burger lunches, my Aussie friend ordered a side of fries. Minutes later, they delivered a tray of fries piled with melted cheese, carne asada, and guacamole to our table.Apparently, in his accent, it sounded to them like he ordered "asada fries". One of the happiest accidents of all time. Or at least the afternoon. Deeeee-licious!
The zapatos here are the greatest thing since sliced bread. They are great for lunch, dinner and during/after a night of drinking.My only complaint with this place is whoever was behind the counter last night. We went there to grab a zapato before 11, but it turns out their kitchen shuts down at 10. That would be fine, unless you walk in and some guy is incredibly rude and tries to rile you up about your misfortune. Lets just say that that I was fortunately on my best behavior.
Plain and simple, Garaje is the only place in this neighborhood that meets all the following criteria:- delicious food - open late - serves good beer - reasonably inexpensive - good for a group- near my office Because of that, it's one of my most frequent dinner places near work when I leave on the late side, especially if I'm not alone. The menu in brief: the burgers are great, the zapatos are good (I like the cali steak), the chicken sandwich was awesome (though I'll ask them to leave off the American cheese next time), and there are always several good beer options. My only gripe is that I wish more of the meals came with some kind of side, like chips or fries. Often I find the entree isn't quite enough food, but after you tack on a beer plus a full order of chips and guac or a basket of fries, you have a bit of a more expensive meal than you were expecting.
First of all, I'm taking credit for everyone in my company that's in love with this place now. It's our weekly lunch spot, sometimes twice a week!Second, came back and tried the ahi tuna & avocado. Its loaded! Generous cut of seared tuna about 1" thick x 6" long that is wrapped in a small round tortilla. Awesome food and friendly service.
Garaje is the tits, my friends! I didn't know what to expect when I heard the name of this place. I don't start salivating when I think of garages+tacos+burgers (but now I do). Once I got inside I realized why it was called Garaje. The space used to be a motorcycle repair shop (the Ducati sign is still up). It's simple. Dark. Has a bunch of booths, and a giant communal table. Had the grilled fish taco and mojo chicken street taco. Big and filling. Yummy. Most tacos are around $5 mark. Things to remember:1. CASH ONLY, son. They have an ATM inside in case you forget.2. Go up to the counter and order. Get a number. Wait for food to come to you.3. Get the sangria. Seriously. I don't even drink wine or like sangria and I had to force myself from sucking down more than 2. Okay, my lack of cash was really stopping me. I kept saying, "It tastes so REAL, " because it does. Not overly sweet and you can taste the fresh fruit. ($7)4. Get the carne asada fries.Great place to hang out with friends, grub, and drink.
Best Sangria ever! At $7, not too badly priced either.The zappato (basically a burrito) is nice, though not very big.
Great lunch spot. "No crap on tap"
Stopped in on my bicycle around 1:30 pm on Veterans day. So nice to have a three day weekend. Not crowded at all, whereas right down the block at HRD it was packed with a line out the door. I admit I was tempted to go there first but I was starving and I strongly dislike waiting in a 10+ deep line for food...Interesting narrow storefront - very low key and discreet entry way. Once it inside there are flat screen TVs with ESPN and one TV had CNN. Because I am a motorcycle aficionado, I really appreciated the motorcycle garage motif. The lit up Ducati sign overhead was cool. Instead of the usual burger, I went for the Ahi and Avocado taco($6). And instead of the usual fries I got the blackbean coleslaw ($3), I forget the exact name -- got to eat a little healthy once in a while, right? The taco was messy with huge pieces of tuna on a tiny tortilla. I had to use a fork to break apart the seared tuna. It was real good with a squeeze of fresh lime. And I really enjoyed the blackbean coleslaw(?) that came in a very small chinese take out container. It was fantastic! I just wished it came in a bigger container/portion! I wanted to get a beer but I did not bring enough cash with me. I think it was best that I stuck with water since I still had to bike back to the marina via the embarcadero. I will definitely come back and try the burger and beers. But for now 4 stars. P.S I like that tax included with each of the food items.
the du monde golden ale is delicious! A light beer with a lot of flavor. Also order all the foods! Carne Asada fries and a zapotos!! YUM! It's cash only so be sure to bring plenty of cash. They do have an ATM machine if you do forget though.
Their pulled pork sando is amazing and only $8. I've been here 3 times and could not restrain myself from ordering the same pulled pork sandwich each time. It is consistently tasty and awesome.Their beer selection is well picked and memorable. My favorite has been the ginger cider, followed closely by a sangria slushie. It is usually crowded on Friday nights, but well worth the wait.
Holy sh.What is a zapato? Isn't it Spanish for shoe? Whatever. It's freaking amazing. One of the best things I've ever eaten. It's like a burrito-panini-quesadilla hybrid. You have to try it, and that ends my review. It's really that good.
What a disappointment. I was really excited to try this place after reading the reviews and seeing the food pictures...unfortunately, it did not deliver.The food portions are overall small. The biggest disappointment is the meat: so DRY!
Great spot to go for lunch! I've never tried the burgers or sandwiches but the tacos I've had have always been awesome! I love the fish tacos -- bonus they're huge so you really only need to order one for your meal. Their chips and salsa/guacamole are also really good, the chips are made fresh in house each day. I'm not a big red meat person but every time I've gone someone in the group has ordered the carne asda frieds and they rave about them. Heads up it get super crowded at lunch time, I suggest trying to get there a little before noon to beat the long line. Even when it's crowded you can usually find a place to sit for the group, the upstairs offers more seating. Also, it's cash only!!
Best place in south beach area for Mexican. Good food, cheap prices and quick. Cash only
Great little spot with super fresh ingredients. I had the ahi tostadita which was delicious. The noise level is a bit on the higher side but th environment is super chilled. Will come back again.
I'm a fan of the food and beers here. I like to get seared tuna taco with a beer for around $10. It seems to be a perfect amount for a quick bite with something to wet your whistle. I would come here more often if they accepted credit card, I'm not one for carrying cash. The Zapato is something to try, it has great flavor and the perfect amount of cheese.The environment does feel like you're hanging out in a garage, which feels really comfortable and chill.I highly recommend this place.
Absolutely phenomenal. Great vibe with very good food at a reasonable price. Beer selection is very solid (think there were about 14 or so on tap). I went for a very casual dinner, but honestly liked it better than most sit down places I go to in the area. Service was very quick and the staff was helpful when I made my choices on the menu. Highly recommend it.
Great food! Beer battered fish tacos were amazing! So were the carne asada fries. The service is quite amazing too. You can try out the beers before you pick one. The staff are super nice and give you recommendations too. Sangria was very sweet and barely tasted like wine though!
What a hidden gem! I question everyday how I got so lucky to work for a catering company and still be so close to this spot. I've been here a handful of times and everything about this place is legit. Awesome vintage music posters on the walls with industrial lighting and ambiance. You definitely feel removed from the rest of the world which is perfect for my lunch time break. The guys at the counter are always super friendly and take their time helping on deciding what beer to pair with my lunch. Doesn't matter how long the line is behind me (sorry I'm not sorry) these guys make you feel welcome and at ease with your choices. I've tried a handful of items from their menu ranging from the zapato to the chicken bacon butter burger (yes you read that right & yes it's as delish as it sounds) and I'm never disappointed. Food is always tasty and everyone is always hustling to make sure the entire place is having a great experience. Vivir la vida de Garaje!
I love this place. But seriously guys, what happened to the bloody potato chips?? The last two times I've asked for "the chips", I've gotten tortilla chips and salsa. The first time, I didn't realize it until I got home. This time, eating in, I told the guy who brought my food out that I had asked for the potato chips. To which he replied "Potato chips? We don't have potato chips here..."Yes you do, Garaje. Yes you do. You do... Now, (Batman voice) WHERE ARE THEY?!?!3 stars till the potato chips come back. 5 stars when they're back.
I love this place! I can't believe it took so long to have a good casual fair priced restaurant open up in the neighborhood. Less 1 star because they are cash only.
I went here to try something new for lunch. The ambiance is pretty cool. I like the set up.The staff was incredibly friendly and took time to answer all my questions about the menu. Although they bring your food out to you, I wouldn't call it a waiter service so I was a bit surprised when one of the employees came around to ask me how the food was.I got the Drive-In Cheeseburger and fries which was mediocre. I'm often baffled (and a bit disgusted) by a restaurant's choice of cooking a hamburger anything well done. Forgetting the food safety concerns, in this case it was a little off-putting just because the burger was falling apart, and I could tell it was mostly just due to the fact that it wasn't cooked enough.Altogether, the experience wasn't bad at all, and I'm actually kind of looking forward to going back so that I might sample the zapatos.
Zapatos are very interesting. Basically it's like a burrito, but it's flat and are grilled slightly, much like a panini. Smaller than a burrito you'd find at Chipotle's, but it's still enough for lunch and won't put you to sleep.
This is currently my go-to restaurant in the South Beach area. Fun atmosphere, plenty of seating, good food, decent prices. And it closes at 10! Wish more restaurants like this would pop up in South Beach!My favorites are the Thai Prawn taco ($5) and the Cheeseburger ($6) with a fried egg (+$1).
Today, whilst waiting 30+ minutes for my food:- Couple asks for a refund for what seems like the kitchen losing their ticket- Dude abandoned by his coworkers because they've eaten already and need to get back to work, while he finds out why he never got his food- My friends finishing their food long before I get mineI love the food & continue to give them my money, but this is a consistent problem at Garaje since day one. -1SEE YA NEXT WEEK
This place is pretty legit. Ordered the crab sanwich and it was smackin. The batter was crispy. The bread was toasted good. The chipotle mayo just made everything better. The prices ain't bad either but your gonna be spending about $10 here since everything is mostly 8 and above unless your just getting a taco. Otherwise I highly recommend their local menu items as well as their burgers. Zapatos were alright. Basically expected the flavor but still good. Only problem with this place is that its really hard to find parking. But I say its worth the struggle.
Highly recommend the Zappatos!! It's like a quesadilla and a burrito had a baby...and what an amazingly adorable baby he was!!!Craft beers on tap. Soccer all the time on TV. My one gripe would be that the place has high celieings and not the greatest of venhitlation, so if you are going to dine in, you will smell like fried foods when you leave and will be enhaling lots of cooking fumes.
What an incredibly fun place to be! Amazing design, atmosphere, service, and food! The restaurant certainly pays homage to its previous life as a car garage and it's exciting just looking around and up and down the walls. It was not difficult at all to find seats - most of them were taken up by the young professionals of SoMa, but I can only imagine the lines at lunchtime. Though there are a few long tables, many of the regular sized tables can only fit about four men, or maybe six ladies, provided there is some squeezing involved. The food here is delicious and, coupled with the dozens beers on tap or many more in bottled form, extraordinary. It's Mexican food with the American diner flair, and you can bet that it will be greasy and filling, and full of guac or avocado. The skirt steak zapato was delicious. Smaller than what I was expecting, but filled with wonderful ingredients that will make you wanting more. The pork fries (pork shoulder with fries, guac, and salsa) is just like carne asada fries, but with pork. Fantastic as well. Sadly the portion sizes aren't anything like that of San Diego's Mexican restaurants, but the taste brought back memories of wonderful food adventures in SoCal. The beers are only listed by name with some much pricier than others, and as a first timer to the restaurant and not an experienced beer drinker I had not a single clue what most of the beers would be like. That is the only issue I have with Garaje. Perhaps they can come up with a detailed beer menu soon!
HRD has got some serious competition now. I love everything about Garaje -- it's grungy, it has excellent craft beers on draft, and it serves up some pretty delicious heart-clogging food.They also have iPhone chargers at every table that's against the wall, which is lame because I own an Android. Garaje really needs to add in some Android plugs, because c'mon... Android is WAY better than the iPhone. But that's a different discussion for probably a different website.----------------FOOD:Cheeseburger w/ Egg & Guacamole = - Damn, it's like everything I dream of when I think of a cheeseburger. The meat was juicy, the egg yolk was runny, and the guacamole gave it a delicious kick. It's a messy ass burger, but every bite was delicious. It's not a perfect burger (the bun could be more sturdy), but it's a delicious one nonetheless. (Note: Do NOT get the Tillamook cheddar substitute with your burger -- it's not sharp enough to give it the cheesy flavor you need to make it pop.)Cali Steak Zapatos = - This is like a Taco Bell grilled stuffed burrito, but with real ingredients (as opposed to whatever it is they put into Taco Bell burritos). It's delicious.Fried Chicken Sandwich = - Moist chicken, well-fried. The only thing is that the bun was a bit too thick and tasteless, so it was too much fluff that overpowered the chicken. I doused this puppy with some good old Crystals Louisiana Hot Sauce and it was glorious, though.----------------I've been here a number of times and each time it gets better and better. Wash everything down with an ice cold Idiot IPA and you're good to go. And then eat salad for the rest of the week because your heart will definitely need a break.
The burger kicks the tacos out of the park. I have this dilemma with many tacos. They are full of delicious treats, but are impossible to pick up and eat without the shell falling slack or the contents jettisoning themselves as soon as your mouth makes impact. I had no such problem with the burger, which was mighty and held its position on the assembly line to my belly. Bonus points for everything about the decor.
Garaje is one of those rare eateries with a clear mission that they execute flawlessly, from menu to cashier to table to final, delicious bite. My coworkers and I adore this converted garage-turned-taco-oasis. Right in the middle of SoMa--in an area previously starved for excellent and affordable Mexican food--Garaje has nestled seamlessly into our open techie-arms, fully equipped with iPhone 5 chargers. The staff makes you feel right at home, and I've never had a bad pick off the simple menu. All of their ingredients are fresh and high-quality; the tacos are wonderful, as are the zapatos and the fish and chips. I recently indulged in the cheeseburger, which was equally fabulous. The beer selection is also fantastic (their motto is "No crap on tap") and they'll even let you taste-test a few to help you make a decision. They've rapidly (and deservedly) become one of the most beloved establishments in SoMa. Overall, my favorite place to grab a bite and a drink in the area.
Not listed on Yelp is the American Veg burger. I don't know all of the ingredients, but it seemed like black beans, kale, beet, and some other vegetables and legumes. There was no soy, tofu, tempeh, or other processed stuff in it. The texture of the patty was not like beef at all, in fact I had to finish it with a fork. But it was very tasty and filling. It was prepared like a real burger, gooey melted cheese and all. I'll definitely order it again in the future.
This place is awesome! Must stop at this place before a Giants game. Get the tacos or zapattos and huge selection of beer. Cash only!
zapato = quesadilla with beans in it.  It doesn't really work.  The meat is fairly good, but I've had better at much cheaper places. Come for the hipster-watching, stay for the burger and warm beer, avoid the zapato unless your curiosity is just killing you.
My favorite comfort food is mexican food and fries, so I knew I had to try this place.Carne Asada fries - I was too excited for it and expected too much. The fries were ok. It would have been better if it was less chunky and more crispy. (But it was ok, I ended up trying the bulgogi over fries from the Hiyaa food truck, and I realized my expectations were not just imagination.. but i digress) 3/5Mojo chicken taco - was really good, very flavorful but it's very similar to other good tacos I've had at other taquerias. So I can't say it blew my mind. Nonetheless, still good.. 3.5/5Como Se llama - a good taco, it had everything you wanted in a crispy shell taco but add on cheese and a flour wrap over it. Again, this one was good but it didn't blow my mind because I have a fair share of mexican food around the city. 3.5/5Seared tuna avo taco - It was a good portion of tuna. I thought it was very filling and very worth it. I think something was missing though, maybe if they had added some sort of sauce, the taco would have been more tasty. 3.5/5Thai prawn taco - ok this one blew my mind. Maybe because it was something out of the ordinary for a taco, but this one was really good. About 4 medium sized shrimps, cooked to perfection with the right amount of seasoning. The lime mayo with the cilantro was excellent and went very well with the cabbage and shrimps. The peanuts gave it a crunch. 4.5/5 (deducted .5 because the corn tortilla got a bit soggy from too much sauce)
Save me a spot.On second thought after that first visit...- Zapatos didn't win me over. Combo of chicken and refried beans in a pressed tortilla was a solid combo but a little lacking in size for the $7 price.- Homemade veggie burger had me rethinking the three stars. Blend of lentils, beans and rice was filling and delicious. $8 was reasonable, even more so if you get it with cheese.- Securing star four was the Mexican brownie. Intense chocolate flavor with a hint of spiciness. Impressively unique.Quirky space is still awesome. Beer selection keeps everyone else feeling awesome.Took a few visits but definitely saving a fourth star for this spot.
Overall, I'd say that it is a good place to go for lunch, but you should try to get there a little early. I enjoyed this place. We all went down there for lunch. The problem was that I didn't really get full from my lunch, though it was delicious. I can easily see why this place is so popular -- the food was quality food, the wait time was minimal, and they had an eclectic menu with neat options. I had a skirt steak zapato. There was lots of meat, and though I am not a huge fan of avacado, this was good. For those who are not familiar with a Zapato, it is like a cross between a burrito and a quesadilla. We also had the chips and salsa. The chips were thick and crispy, which was nice, but I didn't really care for the salsa, as it didn't have much kick to it at all.
Female Foodie Friend: "OMG, there's this place that has amazing burgers and beer! It's called Garaje, let's go!"While passing by Garaje...Male Groupie, less familiar with place: "Whoa, let's go here guys - they also have reallly good burgers!"Female: "... That's Garaje."Male: "I thought it was called 'Applause'!"(Note: It's hard to see "GARAJE" painted in black at night; it is, however, very easy to see the neon-lit "APPLAUSE" sign.)STORY ASIDE, THIS PLACE ROCKS!!Amazing food, didn't have the chance to grab a beer, GET THE CARNE ASADA FRIES (comes with guac!) AND I'LL STOP yelling :)Note: Cash only, bring your friends, or bring yourself, and prepare for a great meal ahead!
Really awesome, locale atmosphere.I've been here many times - I really like their Zapatos, which is like a burrito turned into a flat panini. Very handy (you can eat it with one hand - I dare you to try that with a burrito) and very delicious.They also have a few special beers and you can try them all before you decide on one. VERY good service!Lastly, against all odds, this place is very cheap!
I came here for an early post-work dinner on a Friday afternoon with a friend. The place was full of happy hourers, but not packed. At first we were a little confused as to where to order since there are two counters. I ordered the chicken zapato with no beans and my friend had two tacos. Zapatos here are panini-pressed burritos. My zapato was ok. The chicken was definitely delicious, but there was too much guac and not enough salt. $8 for a pretty small burrito is also a little crazy. I would come back to try the tacos, they looked awesome.
Great spot for workday lunch or post work happy hour. Comfy booths and plenty of TVs, showing Champions/Europa League matches during the lunch hour. The Thai Prawn taco and Ahi and Avo taco are delicious, both filled with so much prawn or ahi that you can't really eat it without a fork. Steak fries are also good, of course, as are the beers from their rotating taps.CASH ONLY, friends. There's an ATM there that only charges $1.95 for withdrawals, which I'm surprised to say seems reasonable.
Sat upstairs and got the zapato! Order came far quicker and generally all together this time. The food was very filling and the flavor was unusual :))
I cannot remember how many times I've been here, it's an awsome place. I like SURFER LEO most, and my boyfriend likes CALI STEAK.
My bf had a hard time finding the place but after asking a local merchant we were directed to where it was. Once we found it, we walked into what looked like a car garage minus the cars. There were gas price cards on the wall. There were license plates from all the different States hanging on another wall. The decor stuck true to the name of the restaurant.As for the food, it was a little over priced. You order up front & the food is brought to your table. The tables are self - seating so first come first serve. We ordered the zapatos, which was a burrito panini pressed. We got throw Cali carnitas. My bf thought it lacked flavor but I think it tasted good just small for $8. We also ordered a side of chips & guacamole which tasted great-- only the salsa was pasty. I prefer diced tomatoes in my salsa. Other than that, great atmosphere & fun place to watch sports bc there were lots of TVs showing football. May take friends visiting here.
The grilled fish tacos are great! Yummy guacamole! It can get quite busy during lunch, but the line moves pretty fast!
Perfect addition to this part of Soma. Too bad they're only open during the week.The pulled pork sandwich is great. So is the burger. Try the escabeche.Tasty beer's on tap that are worth exploring - there are a bunch.The only negative I have for Garaje is the fish zapato...I love fish tacos, but something about the grilled burrito with fish and cheese seemed a little off to me.
WHOOOAAAAAA. Seriously awesome tacos and an amazing beer selection. The Thai Prawn taco was ridiculously good. I think they make their own chips, and the salsa is amazing. The tacos are huge, not like some street tacos you find with a teaspoon of meat in them. They are generous with servings too. You really do have to be strategic about your first few bites. Thanks Garaje, for existing. I will be back soon. Sorry other taco joints, you LOSE!
There's not much to say here that hasn't been said already, but this place is one of the best in SOMA, hands down! Grab a beer on tap (all of them are excellent), some grub, and relax while watching some sports. For a bar, they even have good vegetarian options, so you can bring those friends of yours that don't eat meat. The vegetarian zapato (burrito that's been in a panini press) and the veggie burger are delicious. I've also had the Thai prawn taco, and it is awesome - generous amounts of delicious shrimp on top of slaw on a corn tortilla. This may be my favorite hangout spot in SOMA.
Hands down my favorite spot for a "leisurely work lunch" with beers, burgers and tacos!Garaje has a great vibe and atmosphere. Looking like a converted 50-60s garage with old oil company signs and gas station memorabilia, Garaje has an edge that resonates into the food and drinks as well.The Beer List is top notch - nothing low brow here, only the best. The variety is great and expansive in terms of types of beers. Belgium ales, check. IPAs, check. Heavy Stouts and German varieties, check.Now onto the menu, the tacos are fantastic. My personal favorites are the tuna ahi and the mahi tacos. Additionally, if you want a hefty burger to calm your animal hunger, you can't go wrong.
We've been coming here since this placed open, as it's right around the corner. This place exploded over time, remembering when 3pm was dead with no other guests -- that is no longer the case. Yes, there is a ridiculous queue of hungry customers and it may be difficult to find a space to sit, but the food is what was needed for this area. Unpretentious (however, still yuppy), tasty, filling comida. We've tried everything on the menu since the beginning of time. Sometimes, you just need a simple burger, fried chicken sando, or stuff-your-waist-line carne asada fries. Though, the one dish we are never without is the como se llama. There's something that works about refried beans being the glue that holds two tacos together. For drinks, we like the ginger beer and lemon lime bitters (if you're not watching your sugar intake). Need more places in the area for the locals!Oh yeah, if they ever change their recipes, I would hope that they add more salsa, guac, and other fixings to all their items...some dishes like the fish tacos need more fresh garnishes to balance out the heaviness of the main.
I love Garaje... whether for beer or if I want to cheat on my diet. Staff is beyond friendly and helpful and alway seem to be smiling. There are even iPhone chargers on the tables to use if needed.Beer selection is always fantastic and you can't go wrong w a Stein! In fact, just had a 21st Amendment Back in Black IPA last night at Garaje.Cash only so at least have your ATM card, but that's no biggie... the only potential downer is 1 co-ed bathroom to share; so you may need to wait in line while you watch the game :)
a must try! we discovered this gem thanks to yelp. Food took a little long and we had to eat our tacos on the go but they were so tasty and exactly what I expected from all the reviews. I wish we had some more time to go back before the trip ended. Place gets backed quick; has a cool laid back atmosphere.
Good food and a nice pregame before a ball game. But over priced for its portions
Cadillac.Taco.Is.So.Good.
Garaje has a good selection of tacos at fairly reasonable prices and I really like the atmosphere. Over the last couple of years I've brought various friends and even my parents here for a bite and everyone has been pretty happy with it.
What a great little gem in SF!!! I didn't expect to find good mexican food in SF, but I was pleasantly surprised when i tried the foods here!!!  If you are very hungry, be prepared to bring enough cash (i believe it's cash only) b/c the portions are pretty small. We ordered a burrito (steak) ($8), a thai shrimp taco ($5), and an ahi tuna taco ($5). All of them tasted very good, and my favorite one was the shrimp taco! Four large prawns with some peanuts in a two-layer tortilla, so you get some prawns with every single bite!!! very yummy!this place has couple big screen TVs, and when we were there, they were playing Giants baseball game.  It's also a great place for a small group of friends, as most tables were not too big.
Food was great. Very interesting thai taco, chicken street taco was oversize and good grilled meat. Nice selection of beers. Staff was friendly. Line was a bit long at lunch time.This place only accepts cash. Attention IRS - if you're looking for tax dodgers...To expect people to use a high-priced ATM, and carry cash for a nice lunch and beers for a group is ridiculous. Coffeeshops might be able to get away with it, but time to stop inconveniencing customers and get a Square account Garaje.Also, they really have no seating management system. If it's busy you might not get a seat after you already ordered food. Probably would be better if they had someone seat you after you order.
Great version of a California Burrito. Delicious and reasonably priced but a little on the small side. The grilling of burrito is brilliant.
Not bad. I had an IPA and a Zapato. The Zapato is a fairly uneventful panini-grilled burrito. I needed to lay on the Cholula to get flavor out of it.The biggest complaint I'd have with this place is that they only accept cash. This makes it fairly unfriendly to picking up the bill for a lot of people.
I stopped in here for lunch with my coworkers and the burgers looked so good I had to try one, so I did. The double, with fries, side of congestive heart failure.The burger was cooked a beautiful medium (slightly pink in the middle) and I really appreciated it, it's so hard to find a restaurant willing to cook a burger "properly". It was juicy, delicious, and totally overwhelming. I'll admit it, I was defeated by that burger. But it was a sweet, sweet defeat.
Zapatos are a combo of three of my favorite foods - burritos, paninis and fries. If they figured out how to fit dessert in there without ruining it, I could potentially choose this as the food I would eat for the rest of my life on a deserted island.
Preface/background: I am now more focused on quality and am always looking for a great deal (read: value). Less meat, no more 2 Chipotle burrito eating. Strolled in a bit later, around 8pm and it was a lot more quiet than I had expected. Got the cali steak zapatos and the seared ahi taco. I've gotta say, I liked the seared ahi tuna taco better. The cali steak zapatos was a little on the heavier side and the fact that the fries were cooked in lard was a bit much for me.That being said, it was a solid place to get full and I would definitely come back for the ahi tuna taco.
Incredible. I had the Surfer Leo zapato and my taste buds had a field day. Cash only is kind of a hassle, but it's a great lunch place. Even with the wait we were in and out in a half hour, which was awesome, and the beer list was great -- I was disappointed I had to go back to work and couldn't have a few.. Folks there are super friendly and helpful, food is awesome, and it's a cute little hole in the wall you'd never expect to be THIS good.
zapatos ftw! tacos ftw! The grilled fish tacos are great although prices went up to $5.50, same as the tuna (which also looked delicious). Friend said his Surfer Leo's zapatos had dry or overcooked fish, though. Long lines though after 12pm, going almost to the door. Very much feels like a lively bar scene in here, even during lunch on a working day.
One of my favorite Mexican joints in SOMA. This place deserves more than five stars. Amazing imported beers and sangria, tasty tacos, chill atmosphere and really cool owners. This is often the go to spot for company after work gathering and celebrations when we can get a hold of the upstairs for a private party. The owner Arturo is one of the nicest people you'll ever meet, and he really knows how to run a restaurant and treat customers right.I personally love the seared tilapia taco, the seared tuna taco, any of the zapatos, and most importantly the carne asada fries! Fries with guac, steak and of course you've gotta add some hot sauce to top it off!I frequent Garaje about once per week, every time I try something new on the menu I have to think about what my favorite order is all over again. If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out.
This has rapidly become my go-to lunch spot on a twice weekly basis - it simply does not get any better than this. The food, in addition to being very affordable (you can stuff yourself silly for $4-10), is absolutely scrumptious. I've devoured many a plate of Fish 'N Chips (from the "secret" menu), the Beer Battered Tilapia Tacos, Veggie Burger and Grilled Fish 'N Guac Tacos. Each time I go I'm tempted to branch out and try different menu items but the fish items are so consistently delicious that I rarely switch up my order. They have glass bottle "Mexican" Coke and also Pepsi for all you mavericks out there.Every table has a built in iPhone cable so you can charge your phone (although more realistically they should have Android chargers, since our devices are the ones always running on empty). Quite a sweet perk.Cash only and tax is included (prices are rounded). When I asked one of the cashiers why all the employees here were so happy, he replied: "We don't have to deal with coins." Enough said.
"Why on Earth would you go to a Mexican place for a cheeseburger?" you might ask. "Is it the lard? Is it the griddle?" Have the cheeseburger (skip the bacon; it detracts from the burger) here and you'll be too busy eating to be asking questions. No pointless additions like pico de gallo, chili, or refried beans, because it doesn't need any of that.-1 because of cash only AND no fried potatoes (crisps don't count). Either of those get remedied and it gets the star back.
Maybe I was expecting more because there are so many great reviews, but I didn't think the food was that great. I got the Thai prawn tacos -- they were good but not as spicy or flavorful as I had hoped. The sangria was pretty good, but $7 for a glass was a bit pricey. The place was super cute though so I'll probably stop by again at some point.
Seared ahi sandwich is delicious! I also had a glass of sangria, which was almost like a fruit smoothie! Dangerous!
Secret menu - fried chicken sando is da bombbbbbbTheir zapatos are good too. Imagine a burrito that's been pressed down like a panini.
LEGIT. How legit, you ask? Refer to the following post-dinner conversation:Me: So, how did you like Garaje's burger?Boyfriend: Soooo [expletive] good.Me: Better than RickyBobby's?Boyfriend: Yeah, I think so. RickyBobby's is good, but a little heavy. This one tastes fresher.Me: Yeah, I agree. Well, do you like Garaje's burger better than In-n-Out's?[dramatic pause]Boyfriend: If price wasn't an issue, I'd pick Garaje's.And that, my friends, was how the West was won. This place serves up affordable, delicious, gut-busting food in a non-pretentious setting. The burger is a clear winner (make sure you order yours with jalapenos if you're a spice fiend), but the Jose Wong salad and ahi tuna tacos are also amazing. Those who are watching their calories need not fret -- the fish and salad dishes can be somewhat diet-friendly if you order sauces on the side. No matter what, everything is quality, portions are huge, service is friendly, and prices are totally reasonable. LE.GIT.
Love this place! Came here for a late lunch, ordered the Cali steak zapato and it was delicious! I thought it would be really greasy and overwhelming but I was wrong because it was just right! I like the casualness of Garaje, the nice selection of Mexican colas and great food at cheap price! Only downside is that it's cash only :( I don't usually carry cash with me but at least there is an ATM at the entrance of the restaurant.I would love to come back for lunch or dinner since they are open all day :)
Excellent food!+ Cali Steak Zapato ($8): filled with skirt steak, avocado, pico, jack cheese, and french fries. Zapato is like a mix of a quesadilla and burrito. It's stuffed with goodies like a burrito and is ooey-gooey-cheesy like a quesadilla. Because c'mon, you don't order a burrito for the cheesiness, or lack of. I highly, highly, recommend ordering this. Pow-wow factor.+Seared ahi tuna and avocado taco ($4): only one taco per order. The ahi was cooked perfectly - not mushy or overcooked and the inside was still a light pinkish color. The avocado mash was plentiful and the slaw/raw cabbage complimented the taco well. The only problem I had with this dish was the tortillas. It was served cold and I thought two flour tortillas was a bit much. I ended up only eating one of them.
I work down the block and come here every once in a while and I an never disappointed. The Cadillac is always a good choice (shrimp and steak taco). The seared tuna is tasty but I felt the piece was too big that I wished they just gave two tacos with the same meat. The carne asada fries do not look big or at least the size I am am used to ordering but it is very fulfilling. I started coming here around happy hour 3-7pm for their 2 dollar tacos. These tacos are PACKED with quality meat and for 2 dollars flat with a pint of beer always makes me happy at the end of the day. Its not your ordinary hole in the whole mexican good but a high quality mexican joint that cool to hang out in.
Yum!
Man, the burgers here are good. Have been here a couple times for lunch and left really full and satisfied. It's actually pretty dangerous that it's so close by, as the temptation to go there every day is pretty strong. Highly recommended!
Amazing sangria. Full of fruit ice and alcohol. Yum. Perfect place for a drink and good food. The pork fries are great. The burger is decent. Weird to get a burger at a Mexican restaurant. Fish tacos were pretty good. All in all, food 4 stars, sangria 5 stars.
Garaje is a fun place to catch up, though you may have to sit quite close to each other or yell a bit to be heard over the noise. It's a place where everyone should be able to find something they're excited to eat and it's great because everyone orders and pays individually before sitting down.I went with the Cadillac taco and a side of jalapeo slaw to accompany my sangria (stealing a few bites of a friends pork fries along the way) and was pretty satiated. The taco was the size you'd expect for $6 with a fair amount of steak and three giant gulf shrimp that I really enjoyed. The jalapeo slaw was super mayo'd and offered a nice crunch but I would have appreciated a bit more seasoning. They seemed to take care to remove all the seeds from the jalapeos since I didn't have any burning bites. Pork fries were decent - though I would prefer thinner fries - but I could see them escalating to great status after a few more beers. The beer menu looked impressive and was really intriguing but not as intriguing as the "slushy" sangria! I could drink that stuff all day! If this place were open on the weekends I'd certainly find myself here more often, but until then I'll have to make time to squeeze in a sangria and throw back a few few tacos on my school nights!
Heard about this place on SOSH didn't even know it existed, went in one time and I'm hooked! My favorite thing to order is the flat burrito!
Oh man, that zapato was frickin' delicious. 8 dollars is actually not a bad price for it and it was pretty fast service too. They also have a variety of beers on tap if you want to go chill with your friends. I recommend the cali steak zapato but I will probably go for the carnitas next time to see how good it is. The best part is the tortilla. Soft but grilled. The filling is good too but man, that tortilla. Also, variety of hot sauces for your tasting pleasure.
This place is awesome, the beer selection is real good, the tacos are delish, the carne asada fries are superb, dave's burger was the jam X 2, and the zappatos was scrumptious. I literally cant wait to go back and eat more. I must say this is one of the top 3 fired fish tacos I have had in my life. Service was friendly (you order at the counter) and the food came out relatively quickly based on how busy it was. This place is rock star
Other yelp reviewers were spot on. It's pretty hard to find a seat and the lines are long, but oh-so-worth the wait. Here's a summary:Ok:Ahi tuna taco: the ahi isn't too grade, but still yummy if you're not a sashimi snobGood:Thai shrimp taco: flavorful Great:Zapato: panini style burrito filled with meat of choice, guac, fries, sauce...Carne asada fries: soooo tastyBeer selection: no crap on tap is their motto
I guess they're known for their fries, specifically carne asada or carnitas over the fries. At least this is what I was promised as we made the multiple block trek all the way from the ferry building. Sorry, I'm not from the city but it seemed a like a very long walk to me and this was after a couple drinks. They also serve beer here too but I was done - just needed some greasy Mexican food. So you order/pay at the counter and then they'll bring the food out to you. I wasn't particularly hungry so a bunch of split an order of the carnitas fries. It came out piping hot, which is the only way to serve fries IMO. These are more steak fries than shoe string so more potato than crunch but still really good. The fries were topped with guac, sour cream, cheese and of course the pork. The pork was pretty tender and just the combo of everything was great. Friends all got various burgers and burritos and beers. Plenty of bench seating and they even have a tiny upstairs with tall counters/stools, which is where we were. Bathroom is one room, unisex, which is totally not convenient. I waited forever and one toilet for the whole place is not cutting it.
Dive bar, great food, cold beer.
Wandered in here looking for some grub. OH. EM. GEEEEE. The tacos and Zapatos are awesome. They even have a secret menu and killer beers on tap. Definitely check this place out if you are in SOMA
I had the shrimp and carnitas tacos and they were super delicious and amazing. Portions are decent and the toppings on them were both fantastic. Parking on the street next to place was easy.
Outstanding. I went there for dinner and there was plenty of room to sit. I tried the Cali Steak Zapatos and it was OUTSTANDING. It is like a neat taco-panini hybrid (as others have described it). It's a good choice for people on a date because it's easier to eat than the tacos, which are generously portioned and may require some big bites (not an issue b/c they taste great -- thumbs up for the Ahi Tuna).I also split the Carne Asada fries with my partner. These are an entree on their own or you should split them with several friends. It's a big portion, The guac on top is a refreshing complement to the savory steak and cheese.Beer-wise there are a lot of options. I had a nice hoppy pale ale in a liter glass. You can also get a pint.
Whether we needed it or not, Garaje is the among latest in San Francisco's transgressive, especially mindful to appear anti-intellectual food scene. It occupies the same part of the spectrum as the nearby HRD, the far-flung Broken Record, the semi-literate Ricky Bobby, and the granddaddy-of-them-all, Butter, reveling in the fried, the larded, and the overstuffed. The effect of it all is more or less similar to the result of Ricky Bobby's stock car crashing into the Chevy's on Third Street, but in the best possible, and fast-casual way. Cal-Mexploitation cuisine washed down by liters of microbrews at a medium price point.We had a fish & chips, which didn't taste like mud despite the fact that they use tilapia, a zapato, which was less messy one figures than a pressed burrito would be, and a couple IPAs. The fish & chips were enormous, so the two of us would have been fine with just that.As noted elsewhere, tax is already included in the prices, so the line moves quickly, and you can bring your foreign friends here without hearing them whine about how tax is already included in the price of items purchased in Elbonia/Kreplachistan/Gondwanaland.
This place is awesome! Mexican with a little bit of gringo and very interesting decor. Beer selection is "No crap on tap!". The owners and employees seem very cool and not douchy or pretentious. Si Guey!Garaje is more "18th and Valencia" than "18th and Mission." A lot of food for not a lot of scrilla. 6 stars if I could. Ay cabron!My only gripe is that they don't take cards. Actually not having an online ordering system is the real issue. If they need to keep prices down by not letting all of these 3rd parties take a percentage, then i can deal with that. Hijole!This place fills in 3 major holes in the area. First - Inexpensive dinner in SOMA. No servers to tip, you order at the counter and they have food runners to bring your lazy ass your food. However, there is a tip slot at the counter so be sure to give them a buck for good luck. Second - Fusion with being frilly and skimpy. Some places will put a sliver of kimchee on a piece of seaweed with a tiny piece of Bulgogi and charge $5. Here you get a heaping portion of whatever you order. Third hole that it fills - My frikkin mouth.Yup.
Hands down the best drunk food in SOMA. Great veggie burgers!
Delicious! So happy we were recommended here, it can be considered to be in a shadier part of the neighborhood, right next to the bridge. Also, there's no sign that says garaje so just look for the red! The atmosphere was pretty chill, big benches/side tables for the smaller parties. You order and get a number and they bring the food to you.On to the food, I thought at first that the prices were a little high but then.. we are in SF so it's maybe normal but the price matches the quality of the food. We ordered a bunch of different types of tacos from the vegetarian, THE CADILLAC, fried fish (beer buttered tilipia - SO GOOD!), seared tuna (so good too) and fish n chips. I'd recommend all of those :)ENJOY!
Great place to chill with a big group of friends. Plenty of great beer to choose from and the cashiers are wonderful. I walked up and described what types of beer and flavors I like and they made solid choices. The food is great and reasonably priced. Just note it's not a "fancy" spot where you'd want a romantic dinner, for example. It's also cash only.
I was introduced to this place by a good friend. It was delicious! I ordered the ahi steak taco...oh man I don't think I can go back to an ordinary fish taco...it just won't do...Garaje's was superb the ahi steak wasn't over cooked, it was rear and seared well. The chimichurri sauce tangy with fresh cabbage delish! We also ordered the carne asada fries, there weren't a lot of condiments on it compared to other restaurants but this was delicious too it was carne asada with cheese and thick cut fries...definite comfort food...The place it's great, Parking is a pain but whatever food was worth the journey, it was packed! An awesome experience! I heard their tortas are the best can't wait to come back!
Once upon a time, I thought that I disliked Mexican food. That's before I discovered Garaje. The tostadita and the zapatos are my two favorite items on the menu. The tostadita comes smothered with fresh ingredients, such as thin strips of cabbage, sweet corn from the cob, black beans, a squidge of lime, and your choice of protein. The tortilla underneath adds a nice crunch to each refreshing bite. The best part is that eating one of these won't leave you feeling like a huge fat blob. My favorite zapato is the California steak zapato. The meat is juicy and they don't skimp on the quality ingredients. The tortilla on the outside is a perfectly toasted little pocket. Not enough flavor for ya? Experiment with one of the many hot sauce options offered.Food aside, Garaje also wins points for its policy of "no crap on tap", its friendly cashiers and a fun, hipster vibe. It's no wonder that there's always a long line snaking through the restaurant. Be prepared for a wait, especially during peak lunch and dinner hours, and then to fight someone for a seat. But it's worth it.
Well I had found out about this place on a burger blog - so naturally, I had to try both a burger and taco My Cadillac Taco was killer - I would get one of those every time I came inThe burger - a little more sloppy, not nearly as good Overall - cool place - cash only, small menu, neat that they have iPhone 5 chargers at every table, friendly staff - I'll be back here any weekday night I go to a giants game
Ever had a Double Decker Taco from Taco Bell and thought, "MAN this would be awesome if someone made it with fresh, traditional ingredients, made it twice as big and made it AMAZING?" They Did. It's called the "Como se Llama" and it's my new reason for living. I should also mention that the burger was quickly escalated to a place on my Top 3 in SF list. This place is an incredible addition to the already incredible SOMA food scene. American/Mexican fusion done perfectly. I even like the interior. Comfy yet unique. Friendly helpful staff that will do everything they can to make you happy. I took one star off because they are cash only. I don't like paying ATM fees. If you're brick and mortar, you should take debit cards. Sorry.In short, GO GO GO!!!
Good food and great beer selection.Downsides:1) cash only (they have an ATM on-site with a $20 bill glued to the floor to mess with you)2) It gets SO LOUD IN THERE THAT YOU CAN NOT HEAR THE PERSON SITTING NEXT TO YOU. YES I KNOW I AM YELLING. WHAT? Some acoustic baffle would only improve the place.
Fast, delicious combo of flavors, quality fresh ingredients, well priced, friendly staff who didn't mind answering my many questions, and phone chargers at every table. This place has it all.
Excellent selection of beer and food (tasty chicken sandwich, zapatos, etc). Equally excellent ambience for drinking or just being merry.
Everything about this place is awesome: great beers on tap, really cool decor, friendly staff, and super delicious food. It's a great, casual spot and the food is addicting. My favorite items on the menu are the chips and guac, the ahi sandwich, and the carnitas tacos. SO GOOD!
Awesome little hole in the wall in SOMA! My friend and I popped in her after watching a movie at the Metreon and it was about a 10 minute walk away, so if you're looking for a quick bite in the area, check out Garaje!The restaurant is quite easy to miss so make sure you have the address. We walked by it without even realizing and had to go back. It's pretty nice inside -airy and plenty of space (at least on a Friday around later lunch/afternoon). The guys at the counter are really friendly and were happy to answer any questions about the food items. I got the Cali Steak and my friend got the Surfer Leo zapatos (their most popular item supposedly!) and we were both happy and satisfied. The Cali Steak was definitely filling and not at all heavy, despite the fact that it had avocado and french fries inside. I think if i were I to come back, I'd give the Surfer Leo a try since I had a bite and loved it as well! Garaje is definitely a nice little find in the SOMA.
Love the Jose Wong salad with ahi tuna and Zapatos here. An assortment of hot sauces and beers available. Perfect after work spot for catching up with friends, as it's not too noisy inside and isn't too formal. I'm still trying to figure out the logic behind the different license plates on the walls. Cash only!!
My favorite food joint in SOMA. Great grill food variety at decent prices - try the double burger (comes very wet and messy) or a zapato (grill pressed burritos without the rice, in a phrase). Good beers on tap and bottled (Green Flash IPA is on tap 90% of the time), as well as ice blended sangria that my friends tell me is good. TVs play sport matches all through the day and are viewable all around the joint. Very crowded during lunch, expect a 15m waits in line if you come between 12 and 1. I've come often enough to be recognized by some staff and they are all friendly to a fault. Sincerest and most serious recommendations to anyone considering a visit. Bonus: paper menus at the cash register have descriptions of each menu item, as well as some 'secret' items like fish and chips and a fried chicken sandwich (they have malt vinegar at their condiment station if you are a fish and chips purist, don't worry).
I've been to Garaje a handful of times for dinner but always order the same thing. I love the California Carne Asada Zapatos. Its basically a panini pressed burrito. They also have a large assortment of sauces - sriracha, tabasco, sweet chili, and a bunch of other hot sauce variety. CASH ONLY
The zapatos and beer selection are amazing!
Stopped by this place during happy hour, and I have to say that I love the chill atmosphere. Wasn't sure what to expect since the food is very cheap here, but they were quite delicious.I ordered:- beer battered tilapia taco (mmm..)- cali steak zapatos (also very good! think of it as a burrito with fries, baked under the panini press)- seared ahi tuna taco (very flavorful mix of the spices and the seared tuna)This place takes cash only, but the service is exceptional. Will definitely be coming back here for some delicious mexican food.
Try the Seared Tuna tacos. They are by far the best thing on the menu and will keep you coming back. The only downside to Garaje is that they aren't open on weekends!
Fancy craft beer selection on draft, and some bottled too. I've tried the Surfin' Leo Zapato, Cali Steak Zapato, Carne Asada Fries, the Drive in Cheeseburger, and the Crazy Dave's Double. Haven't ventured into the taco zone yet.The Zapatos are basically panini-pressed burritos - like a quesadilla-burrito hybrid. I wasn't a big fan of the Surfin' Leo which tasted kinda fishy to me, but can vouch for the Cali Steak. Carne Asada Fries are good to share with a friend, along with a beer. The $2 upgrade to a Crazy Dave's Double is worth it.Never come here in a rush as the wait for food can take forever. However, the customer service is great. On my last visit, our order got messed up but we kept it anyway since we didn't want to wait for food again, but our server did what he could to make up for the error. Have taken friends here and they've all enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Will be back, for sure.Cash only.
You gotta love a hot new burger hot spot..Now i have got to admit that all i had the pleasure to try was a cheeseburger served with homemade potato chips, which i had served with only the cheese, thousand island, and acme bun. My boyfriend had some sort of burrito i could tell he found perfect as he is always the toughest critics of new places, finding everything too salty, too plain, , too whatever..Even after a day of shopping i doubt he could of kept his critiques to himself if not Speechless in culinary heaven. He even managed to finish my chips.. I look forward to returning when next in Soma..
Good burger. Decent prices. Nice beer choices.The pulled pork sandwich is also good, although it's really quite messy. Keep plenty of napkins around.
iPhone 5 cords at every table? How SF... Love that I can charge my phone while eating awesome food and it's walking distance from my apartment! The people who work the register are super nice and fun to talk to. Ask them for beer recommendations, they know what they're talking about. Cali Steak Zapato, made like a burrito... grilled like a panini. Tastes bomb in my mouth. CA$H ONLY.
Why do they call it a zapato? Doesn't that mean shoe? Why am I eating a shoe? Whatever the reason, it was delicious.
This is my second review for this place, consistently busy, cash only but who caresBeer battered tilapia taco: 6 stars, best fish taco that I have probably ever had, big ass piece of tilapia and generous amount of cabbage.Skirt steak taco: 4 stars, just your typical delicious steak taco.Garaje has not failed me yet!
Good god I love this place. Conveniently located just a few blocks from my work, Garaje is a lunch (and after work drink + nom) staple.I've made it my personal mission to sample everything on the menu. From the zapato (a grilled burrito-situation that's pretty much heaven) to the como se llama (a crispy taco in a soft taco drenched in refried beans and meat) to the tostadita (an oversized crispy chip piled high with veggies and guac and the meat of your choice), I've just never had a bad meal at Garaje.Plus they have an impressive craft beer selection (often a Ballast Point brew) as well as a tastes-like-juice sangria slushie (be careful with those).It's just always solid. The carnitas are some of the best I've had... in my life, the ahi is fresh, the helpings are fair and the price just might be my favorite part. $3-$5 for a taco. (Though I'd definitely recommend getting more than one. Maybe 10.)
So, it's not open on the weekends. I guess that would be WAY too convenient for the people who actually live in the neighborhood. I had the Cali Zapato. It was fine. The fries in the Zapato were cool. No tea, no shade: but, I think Taco Bell would have done it better. The Cholula helped. Oh, and it's loud. Really loud in here.
Working late. Stopped by this place for a fast bite. Damn. This is good.Really really good
SUMMARY: Fantastic tacos with great service.PROS:+Great service+The tacos were tasty: *Beer Battered Talapia Taco - nice and crispy batter with a phenomenal sauce in the taco. They don't try to overwhelm you with too many ingredients and the simplicity makes you want more. *Cadillac Taco - Steak and prawns. Seems like a lot, but it's just the right amount with a great kick of flavor.+iPhone 5 chargers at the table.+Reasonable pricesMEH:+The location is sort of hidden right next to HRD. Had I not seen it on Yelp, I might've ignored this gem right in my neighborhood.I'm definitely coming back and looking forward to trying other items on the menu.
Food: 3/3 StarsBased on the one burrito I had (steak, avocado, fries & cheese), love this place. The size is just right & the flavors are great.Service: 1/1 StarsCashier was friendly. Environment: 1/1 StarsPlenty of seating. Tables are clean.
We found Garaje on Yelp - one of the highest rated restaurants in SoMa, regardless of price - and decided to try their happy hour crispy tacos. Happy Hour is 3-7. Neat vibe inside. Lots of tables on the main floor, and a small loft in the back. There was a line of about 20 people waiting to order, but it moved quick. And even as full as it seemed, everyone somehow found a place to sit.The tacos are $2 each, filled to the brim with meat and toppings. We shared 1 each of steak, carnitas, and chicken and were satisfied. We also got the carne asada fries. Wow, what a delicious surprise. Not healthy at all, but oh man, worth it. Fries smothered in melted cheese, then topped with saucy carne asada and a heap of guacamole. It was a very generous portion for the two of us, probably better to split as a side item between 3-4 people.I cannot comment on the beer as I had the self serve water, but the beer menu was varied and looked to be a respectable selection of craft brews.I recommend this place without hesitation if you are in the area.
Awesome unique Mexican restaurant with some personality. The interior is dimly lit and decorated with license plates from all states. Garaje is perfect for a casual dinner and drinks with some friends. You can even catch some live sports on the TV screens.And of course, the food is amazing here. I shared the Zapatos Skirt Steak ($8) and Pork Fries ($8) with a friend. Both were generous with their meats. The skirt steak included avocado and steak cubes. A savory mixture. It was wrapped with a tortilla that was lightly grilled. As for the pork fries, it came piled with guacamole, cheese, and pulled pork. I liked the guacamole addition, it provided a cool taste to all of the salty ingredients. The portions were good for $8. The menu also includes a "Good With Beer" section, so we tried our food with drinks. The Pork Fries were indeed a nice compliment. I had the Oatmeal Stout. I'm not a big beer drinker but from the ones I've tried, this one was a bit strong for me and I only liked it with the fries. Yes to the items on the "Good with Beer" menu, but I wish I tried the Sangria instead.I can't give it a 5 stars because I had to chug 3 bottles of water after I got home. There is a lot of sodium in the food but sometimes that's what makes it so yummy!Tip: Cash only! Ask for prices for the beer on tap!
Delicious food, awesome atmosphere, great beer, and reasonable prices. Not quite a sports bar, but if you like sports bars, like me, and are frustrated that there aren't more sports bar type places in SF, you'll probably like this place.
YUM.6 dollar cheeseburger? Homemade chips? Good beer on tap?Where have you guys been?! You are the burger place I've been waiting for!
Yelp fail on this one. Needed to kill time in SOMA and mistakenly stumbled upon this place. California Burrito looked and tasted like it came from Chili's. Who's reviewing this place, Fresno tourists? Courtesy star for the beer selection, but the only thing San Francisco about this place was the cash-only requirement. Ouch!If you want a real burrito in SF take a cab ride to El Farolito. Don't forget your fanny pack.
The steak zapato is amazing - in fact, tried the chicken zapato and probably all of them are excellent. I'm just surprised more people haven't tried to grill their burritos in the same way. Will definitely be back for more (including the burgers, which our neighboring table seemed to enjoy immensely).
I've been thinking about being vegetarian for some time now. Well, that was except for today when I tried Garaje's burger. Oh geez. I don't remember the last time I had a double patty $8 burger that tasted so delicious. I actually was tempted to get another one. But then what kind of wannabe vegetarian gets to cheeseburgers? The seared tuna and avocado taco was not also pretty, but it tasted damn good. Where am I? Well, it looks like a diner, but the food is definitely diner food. Please keep $8 burger, eight dollars!!!! Good beer selection and plenty of seating. This was old Bill's Teriyaki. Cash only. They have an ATM.
New lunch spot! Best beer battered Tilapia I've ever had. For $4 (tax included) I got a big piece of fish. $6 for a cheese burger is almost as cheap as MCD. Burger was nice and juicy. I would like to try their Cadillac taco next time.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! This place is a 30 seconds walk from my work and I can't say enough how much I love this place for food and drinks. If you're a fan of sangrias, Garaje makes a great one for $7. The burger here is my go to, but the zappatos (some sort of wrap with fries and your choice of fish or steak inside) and the tacos here are very well made as well. If you want to beat the lunch rush hour (line out the door by 12p is about a 40 minute way for food), be sure to come about 15 minutes earlier. Cash only, but they have an ATM machine inside.
This place is a hidden gem! Fun, friendly atmosphere with amazing food. I ordered a cheeseburger and salad. Both were delicious. I also appreciate a good beer. They have a great selection on tap and bottled at a great price. This place just opened, but I don't think it's going to be a secret for long! I will definitely be back again soon.
My best friend has asked me to come with her to Garaje for some time now. She went there once with friends and she had a great time. We finally made it and it was pretty cool. The interior is eccentric with all sorts of random ornaments on the walls. She had the Zapato which was like a burrito put through a pannini press or something like that, it was ok. The burger I had was actually a lot better than I anticipated. The Mexican Pepsi was an added plus too. It's a chill place to hang out with friends in my favorite area in the city.
Pros1. Nice seating space for groups - We were 6 of us and they have this nice large table that made it quite good2. The beer was excellent 3. I had the veg burger and that paired nicely with the beer. 4. I liked the iphone charger - was running out of juice end of day and it was rather nice having that. Cons1. Menu Rife with usability issues - the menu is just unreadable - too many colors and all the same font. And it was just as bad before my 2 beers. The rest room sign was a bit confusing too - some sort of joke that I didn't get. I probably have a bad sense of humor but then when you're down 2 beers you kind of want to find the right restroom without much trouble2. Cash only with ATM at the entrance. Even food trucks accept square - kind of a bummer3. Volume of the background music needs to be notched down 1 level (just a little bit). 4. Definitely not a dinner place - the menu is just too limited and felt a bit to appetizery for me. I think I'll go back but probably just for a quick drink before heading home.
Great food, extensive beer selection, and fun atmosphere! The tacos were delish: not too greasy and very fresh tasting. The burgers were just as greasy as you want em to be, and they have a large selection of beer. Great spot to go on a date but also great for groups! A little crowded at times but that's probably because its so yummy :)
Um, whut? I go hard for Mexicanish food, but this is one of those few times that Yelp misled me. The place is cute and I was so ready to love Garaje but the food was so meh. I ordered a chicken tostadita and carne asada taco. The tostadita was piled high with fixin's that were really cold and just made the flavorless chicken beneath kind of watery. The carne asada taco did not make me sad, but it definitely didn't make me happy. Sangria was cool, people were nice. Maybe it's my fault for making poor menu choices? Maybe when I exited the bathroom, I was transported to the Garaje of another, flavorless dimension? I dunno, but I will probably never go back to find out.
Yummy!! Went here right before came and ordered a couple of Zapatos to go!! Took to the game. Great little place and the food was yummy. Prices were good. Will come back to try the burgers.
Now, I won't say it's because of me but, they brought back the Jose Wong salad! Five stars for Garaje! If I wanted to be an ass I'd -1 star for the long lines and the fact that they're cash only, but I'll hold back.
Long lines all the time. Moves quickly though
Absolutely loved my experience here. Let me start from the beginning! I currently work at Ssh, a start-up in the city that highlights the top activities to do in SF. Seeng Garaje on there, as well as 4.5 stars on Yelp was what sold me initially.From the outside, Garaje is easy to miss. It's a super tiny spot on 3rd street in Soma. My friend and I walked in and absolutely loved the ambiance. Imagine an old school diner feel, but half taqueria, half burger joint. What took me aback at first was how easy it was to find a table even though the place was PACKED at 7pm. We walked up to the cashier and were greeted by the owner who was one of the most attentive men I've ever met. He introduced himself & told us to get comfortable & join him in sampling drinks. WHAT?! Lol! With over 30+ beers on tap and amazing Sangria, he offered us 3-4 samples each until we found a drink we liked most. Following, he gave us a run down of everything on the menu. I went for the ahi seared tuna taco (with avocado) & the Cadillac taco. Along with a beer on tap (totally forgot the name but it was amazing).. My meal was amazing. The Cadillac taco was carne asada & prawns, wrapped in 2 taco shells; one extra soft and one extra crispy. Topped with avocado, tomatoes, & lettuce. Heaven!Truly on top of that though was the amazing customer service we received. Half way into our meal, the owner came up to us to check on us and make sure everything was ok. After that, he brought us each another glass of beer on the house!! Such a fun experience & best way to end my day of work. I will for SURE be back. Hands down, check out Garaje no matter what.
MOJO CHICKEN IN YOUR SHOES?! The zapatos are amazing. Grilled to perfection and a non-sloppy portion. The ambiance never gets old and the place always is filled with customers. Its kind of hidden too. I felt as if I walked into the cantina from Star Wars. Anyways, the food, the employees, and the vibe is all around excellent.
Garaje is a tasty little bar and mexamerican food joint with a nice beer selection. Carnitas and fried tilapia tacos were really good. Mojo chicken was maybe a touch underseasoned. Food came out quickly and the prices were downright reasonable. Hard to do much better with a casual joint. Highly recommended.
I wish this place wasn't so out of the way for me. Giants fans are lucky to be able to walk by and partake in some amazing tacos before the game.The seared ahi tacos were so delicious, albeit difficult to eat when the tuna and guac form an impractical tower of yum. I'll try smushing it all down with a fork before eating next time. Oh, there will be a next time.Also, I'm a sucker for ordering at counters, I guess I just hate human interaction that much.
I ordered the ahi tuna taco. It was delicious. Really fresh tuna and excellent flavor. I need to come back to try the rest of their fish tacos.
Ok, seriously zapatos means shoes right? I'm not the only one who was severely confused about this? Why don't more yelp reviews mention this, am I crazy? But in all seriousness, this place has great beer, good food and decent portions. Don't want those giant burritos full of lame rice and beans in other places, Garaje is for you! Better panini grilled burrito without all that lame crap in the center. They make decent California burritos but their fish was bomb.The carne asada fries were pretty damn good too, though lots of melted cheese at the bottom that I wish was carefully placed in the center.
a group of coworkers and I were perusing the area and, after we saw HRD had a line, we ended up at garaje instead. slightly ironic to see that garaje also had a line too, but it was concealed by the larger venue size!i ordered two carnitas street tacos ($3 each), with a side of guacamole ($2). I ended up bartering with my coworker and traded one taco for half of her carnitas zapato ($8). i found the zapato intriguing, it was like a burrito that was grilled on a panini press... a delicious panini burrito though! the tacos were pretty standard with size and taste. what impressed me was the huge mountain of guacamole i received as a side order! It was enough guac to slather onto both of our tacos and half zapato! food was solid tasting and satisfying.there's a large selection of hot sauces near the water dispenser. and by "large", I mean literally and figuratively. them bottles were huge, but you can't expect anything less from a place that serves tacos and beers!dcor is nice. seating is readily available, with lots of booths that can seat 4 people and a few tables for larger groups. walls are decked out in license plates and street signs!cash only!
My favorite local bar and restaurant right around the corner. I've been here at least once a week for dinner since they opened (6 months ago now?). The food is delicious. Highly recommend the burger with jalapeos, surfer Leo with corn and the tostadita with tuna. The staff is so nice no matter how busy. Askthem (especially Dave and Arturo) about their bottled beer selection. They like beer. Really I can't gush enough. I talk up garaje to all my friends and drag them here at every opportunity. Now if they would open on weekends...:)
With nearly a dozen craft beers on tap, house made sangria and pop-up Mexican-American food like two for $5 tacos and a $6 burger that'll fill for days, Garaje will become a staple in your SOMA diet in no time (not to be confused with a staple in your stomach).It's cheap, quick, fresh, delicious and hits the spot.Make sure you ask about Arturo's 90-Day Sangria and check out my full review, which reveals the mystery behind the name (it's Spanish!) and other fun facts: wp.me/plk2v-pl
These panini/burrito hybrids are delicious, and they have 100 beers you've never heard of
I'm honestly only giving this one star because you cannot give zero. We came here at 10pm sharp and asked the waiter for food. He told us the kitchen closes at 10 and we were just wondering if he can make an exception. Dave worked the register and was really rude with his response: "I am not going to tell you again. Kitchen is closed". Now I am in the customer service department and I seriously do not feel that is the way to speak to a customer no matter how you are feeling tonight or how other customers badger you with this question. As a customer service representative of your restaurant, I expected a more decent and calm response as opposed to the one we received. I would not recommend to come to this place again since they clearly march to their own beat and feel like they are able to get away with treating customers with that tone of voice.
Finally, a great taco place in SoMa!This review is more of a reminder to myself that the fish tacos at Garaje are massive! They sell their street tacos with chicken, carne asada or carnitas in pairs, and they're packed full of meat and guac and great on their own, but when you order a fish taco along with that, it comes with pretty much an entire tilapia inside the tortilla. One of them probably could have finished off my appetite. They've got great beers on tap and awesome service. They are cash-only, but when I stopped ordering because I had to go to the ATM, the guy working the register had already rung me up and just handed me my change. It's a small touch, but very appreciated. If you haven't been yet, try out Garaje!
Jose Wong salad is legit
Tried this place again - it was MUCH better than my first visit. Ordered a cheeseburger with fried egg and pickled jalapenos, which was pretty good. For those of you familiar with Fatburger, it was just as good.The Zapatos with skirt steak was a little bland, and the texture was off because the inside was filled with beans and cheese, so it was a little gooey. But it was still better than the tacos I had the first time around.PROS- Much improved experience from when they first opened- The burger is solid - a great choice for lunch or dinner- The carne asada fries were also very tasty and heartyCONS- Avoid the tacosTIPS- Pretty busy at lunch, but the line goes quickly- Some tables have power cables for iPhone 5 (Lightning)
Garaje is really close.They were open, first of all. Usually this would be presumed, but Garaje has been closed or closing the first three times I tried to stop by. Sure they are opening and working out the kinks, but the place does seem to have banker's hours.Cash only. Seriously? For $8 tacos, and Square HQ just down the road? Their ATM on site suggests this will not change, alas.Beer on tap was excellent, in a giant liter glass stein if I preferred. Though a couple of the best brews were off. (Sold out, or no one had changed the keg in back.)The ambiance was really misguided. "Ya' know, your neighborhood garage. In Italy, with sports on TV. And Sinatra playing on the mix. And fake-streetfood Mexican. Oh, plus burgers. Those too." This place is so confused, it cracks me up. Two thirds of the seating is awkwardly placed and dark, and the place is pretty chilly. The plating is your non-ironic county fair or roller rink special -- paper, that is. Which I suppose would be forgivable if this stuff was actually edible by hand, but the tacos were way too big, and obviously the shredded salad needed help.The food comes last in my review, because it is the reason this place does not get a two. The food is mostly well done. Fresh guacamole, fresh corn on the salad, amazing grilled shrimp, bits of lovely chipotle in the carne asada. Good crunch contrast with the shredded radish. Little nitpicks are the ice cream -scooped guac, overdressed salad, and underseasoned tuna. The food would have hugely improved with more attention to temperature: cold guac, warm pico, hot seared tuna together make for a weird mouthful.This place will kill it in SoMa because of the hipsterant quirkiness, and the lack of good Mexican around South Park. Still, more to do to be a really great neighborhood place.
I should like a place like this, but the ridiculous wait we experienced to get something to eat makes it a 2 star for now. If I was Michael Bauer I would give a no rating, because it could just be an 'off' service and I need at least 2 visits to qualify a review. Good thing I'm not MB...11:50 - Wait in a huge line to order. Busy is good, but too busy means I'll wait forever. I peruse the menu and decide to order something reasonably easy: meat + fries. Staff is nice, all the things you would want your own establishment to be. Oh, we have colleagues in line behind us.12:00 - Ordering done, we sit...waiting begins.12:10 - People that ordered before us start getting food. Our colleagues and other people that ordered after us start getting food... Sweet bro, we are probably next.12:22 - WTF! our colleagues are already out the door! We have a new crop of people sitting around us. Guy that sat next to me after we arrived is halfway done with his burger and fry. An internal discussion ensues of why there is failure to deliver.12:30 - 2/3 of our order arrives, my meat fries are cold. Sad Panda. The staff is polite and assures us the zapato is showing soon. Apparently the fish taco + fries are easier to create than a steak zapato.12:38 - My fries are mostly done, tasty for being cold/congealed, one of my dining friends is done, the zapato shows up hot and steamy. 12:45 - Zapato eater and I complete our dining exercise....at least timing was on for somebody.Really bummed they couldn't get us a burrito like thing in less than 40 minutes. When I am ready to risk further punishment, I will visit again to see if things are better.
If you like beers and good greasy Mexican/American fusion food. This dive is the place for you.Great selection of beers and they have Mexican Colas!Ordered:Carne Asada Fries - Carne Asada, shredded cheese and guacamole on top of fries. It definitely hit the spot. Everything was nicely put together.Pulled Pork Sandwich - Pulled pork and shredded cabbage in between a bun. I will not miss this if they remove it from the menu. Lacked flavor and DRY. Did not taste the BBQ at all. If you are debating between the pulled pork sando and something else, get the something else.Cali Steak Zapatos - GOOD! This resembles a quesadilla but with french fries. I could go without the fries because I felt it made the dish a bit dry and didn't add any additional flavor.They had an abundant of get-it-yourself sauce. Ranging from hot sauce to sriracha and even mae ploy's sweet and sour sauce. One thing missing was ketchup, not sure why?CASH ONLY joint, so remember to hit the bank to avoid getting charged an ATM fee.Overall, it was a good meal and will definitely be back to try different dishes on their menu.
TL;DR: Garaje's burgers are great! If you get a burger, I highly recommend adding the bacon, fried egg, and cheddar.Garaje is medium-sized restaurant that is surprisingly easy to miss if you happen to be walking along its side of 3rd street. The line was moderately-long at just before noon, but moved somewhat quickly. We spent about 10-15 minutes between entering the line and making our order, and an average of 15 minutes waiting for our food.I ordered a single cheeseburger, which has a base cost of $6. I considered getting a double ($8), but after seeing the burgers other people were eating, I decided that a single was large enough. I added on the fried egg, bacon, and cheddar cheese (which, by the way, goes to replace the American cheese they normally use), bringing the overall price of the burger to $9. I decided to add some fries for $2 and a Mexican Coca-Cola (which must have been $3, since the price was not listed).The cheeseburger turned out to be unexpectedly tasty and juicy. Barely midway through my burger, the juice, mostly from the fried egg and the above-medium beef patty, started running down my hands. The fries, well, they're just fries; I don't have much to say about them.As far as the service goes, it's not particularly worth noting. When the food is ready, someone gets your food from the counter and delivers it to you. At peak time (~noon), it can get slow, and you may end up wondering why the group after you got their food first (unfortunately happened to one of us).Overall, I really liked it for a lunch place. I think I'll try their zapatos (which a coworker described as a "panini-pressed burrito") next time.
Love the food and the price (but cash only). The line can get long because ordering is not very efficient. On the flip side, food comes out quickly!
Plainly put, they have amazing tacos. Well, that's all I've had there so far. The portion sizes were hearty and the prices were good for what you get. The tortilla chips were a bit chewy for my taste, but still good. They have a well-crafted craft beer selection -- and they're on tap! The staff was friendly and provided great service. The interior is casual and inviting. Very rustic industrial.  The location is just ok, but maybe that's how they keep the prices low.
Great vibe inside, really friendly staff, and awesome food. I got the Cali Steak Zapatos and it was fantastic! Perfect amount of cheese, guacamole and tomatoes for me. Even better with hot sauce. ;) can't wait to come back and try their other stuff.
They had a sour beer on tap, so automatic 4 stars! The burger was good, not amazing but very good. Do not share fries. The serving is too small, get your own - you'll thank me :)
Summary: Casual, inexpensive, comfort Mexican/American food.Came here w/ wife on a Mon. night and got a burger ($6) and zapatos ($8), with fries ($2) and a beer ($8). Food was great - not healthy, but tasted great. They had a wide beer selection, with 11 taps a bunch of interesting bottles.Would definitely come again.
The zapatos are good, but I never thought they were as good as my friends thought.The burger, however, is really good, and that's what I'll be getting when I go there in the future.
Loved the Thai Prawns taco. Super friendly owners. The sign outside might need some work to make it more obvious it's a restaurant.
The food here is so good it made me forget the embarrassment of scrambling for the fake dollar on the floor near the entrance.
Great neighborhood food spot! I only live about half a block away from the place. They have excellent Mexicali food. The tacks were really good (had the tilapia and the ahi tuna), and the San Diego style burrito (no rice or beans, panini pressed) was excellent. They also have a good selection of beers. This place is a great place for a quick convenient meal. Interior has the feel of an old diner, I believe it was a car garage before being a restaurant.
CASH ONLY! Make sure to have some Washingtons on ya! Love the food, vibe, and great selection of beers. The staff is extremely fun and friendly! Great lunch location!
The burgers are to die for. Literally, they're so greasy/fatty/gooooood...Skip breakfast and come here as hungry as you can be because you'll want to finish every bite of their generously portioned burgers (you'll also order all the side because you dont want to make any of them feel left out). The meat to bun to everything else ratio was perfect and all the ingredients were great. If only my nutritionist would write this burger off as healthy, I'd have it every day.Oh, and dont make the same mistake as me and drive here. You'll want a few of the beers they have on tap to go down with that coma-inducing goodness they call a burger.
The staff was super friendly and let you sample beers before you commit to a pint. The happy hour tacos weren't amazing, but for $2, they were good enough Sarker Leg,'S Fish & Chips Zapatos was delicious. I usually douse everything with salsa, but no need on their sandwich. Garaje may just be one of the few places left in SF where you can get a meal for under $10. And you can charge your Iphone 5 at the built in charger at the table. With an add-on like that you would think the place would be uber trendy, but really, the decor was hip and not pretentious. I loved that they separated components of an old ice box using the front panel at the tap and the rest of it on the counter top, holding to go containers and condiments. They really did a nice job with the place.
Awesome food. Good beer. Nice place to go for lunch or after work. Burger was great and a good value.Carne asada zapato wasn't as good as the burger, could have used some more sauce/flavor, but still OK. The double layered tacos and fish tacos looked awesome.
High quality tacos and burritos. These are upscale types at $5 for fancy tacos and $9 for stuff burritos (zapatos).Very cool bar feel place with tons of beers on tap. Overall a very cool place that always has a huge line by 12:15 on a weekday.
I'm always happy to see a more casual place like this pop up in my neighborhood - don't need any more bougie-ass spots in this part of town...ANYWAYS. So just to start out - it's cash only at this point, so be warned. A minor gripe. They have an ATM up front though so yeah. The burger here is legit. I got the double burger, with bacon and a fried egg because I go hard. It also comes with American cheese (I watched a cooking show once where some French dude who apparently is a burger master says "you must make burger with ze AMERICAN CHEESE") for free, pickles, lettuce, tomato, 1000 Island dressing. It came to the table pretty much a perfect medium - nicely done. The bun also had a pretty springy and spongy texture to it. I was impressed. We also got a basket of the house-fried potato chips, pretty good too but not mind-blowing. In any case, this burger can stand up to the Super Dupers and the Pearl's's of the world IMO, especially for the price. If you want to get a good burger around this part of SOMA but don't want to be all fancy candlelightblahblah at Marlowe, head on over. The staff is also friendly, and they seem to just be really excited about their new restaurant, which is cool. Why 4 stars and not 5 then? I haven't tried the Mexican section of the menu. Apparently it's the bomb though, so the rating juuuuust might hit that 5 range after I eat that.
Yeah. Totally worthy. It's almost a shame to think that HRD Cafe and Garaje are within about a block of each other. So much goodness concentrated in such a small geography.For lunch, a group of 7 of us tried 5 types of tacos, a burger, pulled pork sandwich, so. fried chicken sandwich, fries, chips and salsa and fresh made potato chips.Everything was good. Very very good. Good enough to want to rush back here soon for the next lunch. The tuna&avocado taco was especially nice. The fried chicken sandwich was really really big with perfectly prepared chicken - although a tasty addition would be to spice it up with some hot sauce. Fries were awesome too.You get the picture.
This is my new neighborhood "go to" spot for a quick bite -- good food and an excellent selection of quality beers, with a friendly staff and super-reasonable prices. It's exactly the type of unpretentious spot this area of SOMA needed. Street tacos are always a personal fave, and while Garaje isn't QUITE as good as Underdog's in the Sunset, it isn't that far off either. Even at the low price point, you get a heaping pile of steak or carnitas (sometimes to the point where the tortillas are more decorative than functional). The cheeseburger was also a nice surprise -- basic, but very tasty and high quality. So, Garaje nails the basics. There is still room for improvement (the fries were pretty meh, honestly), but I know this is a relatively new business and I imagine they will get even better over time. My main complaint with Garaje is that it's only open on weekdays, which definitely limits my ability to go there. Here's hoping they expand their hours soon.
Great place!!!! The BEST tuna taco I have ever had. They have nice variety of Belgian beers (Tripple Karmeliet) and great sangria. Service is very nice and relaxed. One time server explained us menu point by point with a big smile and no hurry. Price-wise it's great. Fun place!!!
Come on a Yelpers recommendation to meet my brother for a birthday dinner. The food was very tasty. We split the burger and Cali Steak. Nice selection of beers. Best sight is ancient primary school desks with their hole for ink to eat at
It's basically a panini burrito w French fries inside, you can't go wrong w that. The sangria? Best I've ever had.
portions medium. tastes great. i had mojo chicken zappatos. people say steak is better.
Simply amazing, and at great prices. Seemed busy, but service was very quick and friendly. I tried the Surfer Leo w/ Asian side salad, and a walnut blondie brownie. Portions were perfect and satisfying. Will definitely come back again.
Really liking this place since I stumbled in by accident during their opening week.Cheeseburgers are great! Carnitas street tacos are fantastic. Ahi and Avo tacos rock, too. Add a dozen beers on tap, iPhone chargers at many of the tables, and a super-friendly staff...Wow, what's not to like?
Burger was meh.heard about this place from a "Top 25 burgers in SF" article. For 9$ there was alot of burger, but it was bland and the ingredient choices were plain. Not worth going out of your way for.I will admit the other items on the menu looked really good, and Im looking forward to going back again and trying other things.
Happy to see Garaje join the Soma family. We need more great, casual restaurants in this neighborhood. I tried the cali steak zapato, fish zapato, fries, and refritos. Food was tasty and satisfying. Think it's some of the better Mexican I've had in the city. The one thing I wish Garaje had was their own hot sauce/salsa bar. I spent 5 years in San Diego drenching my carne asada fries and California burritos in Robertos/Cotixans/SuperSergios hot sauce and felt my meal at Garaje was incomplete without this key element. I like the space too - casual, but hip. Looks liks they also have an upstairs area, but this was closed when I went this past Friday night. They also have iPhone chargers at every table in case you forgot you were in SF. This would be a nice spot for happy hour too - good beer for about $4. Planning to come back to try their burger and tacos!
I had the breaded chicken sandwich and some fries. The chicken was AMAZING. Great breading!!! The beer selection is good as well. No crap on tap. :) I'd definitely be back. The only bad thing is it is cash only.
Carnitas tacos are awesome. Get three! Prices include tax. service is pretty quick, but the place gets very busy for lunch.
Great selection of beer! Funny, when we had 2 taps at our old house I told my husband, you can't put any crap beer on tap! I love that they think the same way! We went for dinner & the good was delicious, fresh and very flavorful. We tried 2 salads (Slaw & the Wong) & 2 zapatos (Surfer Leo & the Cali Steak).  They were great & we can't wait to come back & try everything else on the menu! It's that good!Loved the feel of the place & all the signs & license plates. Staff very friendly, for us, that's a must.And on a side note, I was an idiot & left my purse in the restroom...I ran back after about 10-15 minutes & someone returned it. Oh, thank you to that person! They didn't take a thing but I was pretty shaken. So, kudos to great customers too! This is the kind of place I love!
This place rocks my socks! I hoped it would stay a hidden gem but know that's selfish and that they deserve the business! The food is melt in your mouth amazing. It's hard to find places that have both stellar food and service. The staff there is super friendly and really take the time to answer questions/make suggestions. Check it out!
Really unimpressed. Had to wait in line for 20 minutes, there were only 3 people ahead of me but for whatever reason the line was moving at a glacial pace. When I finally got to place my order cashier informed me that they were out of all the kinds of tacos I wanted(they only had steak and chicken left), and were also out of corn tortillas and only had wheat left, which is gross. I ordered anyway because I was hungry , and then was told that they only accept cash. I'm assuming they are either running some kind of tax evasion racket or they are so damn cheap that they consider dodging the miniscule credit card company charge to be worth the huge inconvenience to their paying customers, so I had to go to the ATM they had in the store(yeah, they can manage to have this in there but can't get a damn card processing machine), and pay an extra $2.00 to withdraw cash because the ATM did not belong to my bank. Wait was long and tacos tasted like something I made at home. Did not finish my food.
Love the place. Great tasty food and reasonable price. The only problem is that you might have a hard time finding seats.
Funky little spot with great art on the wall and fun throwback tunes all night. A mix of Mexican with a twist and great American burgers and fries in a basket. The panini pressed Zapatos are the reason to come here. I got the steak ones and they were fantastic!
I love walking here with friends on a sleepy weekday night and ordering some tacos and sangria. Everything is delicious, everyone is very nice, and the quality is consistent.I brought a friend who did a 10+ stop taco cruise down the coast (it's basically the P.h.D program of tacos and grants you the ability to pass judgment on all establishments, no questions asked), and she loved this place. It may seem a bit grungy in appearance but it's actually pretty clean, which is all that matters. My only complaint is that the bathroom is kind of icky, so just try not to pee here!
3.5Mex-American comfort food at a reasonable price. Cool vibe. Top-drawer beer selection. Terrific service. Don't come here if you're seeking a true-blue taqueria experience - this is Americanized Mexican with a twist. The food is good, not great.I had the grilled fish taco - the fish was well seasoned - good size piece of fish. The cabbage/creamy sauce action was plain - didn't add much to the taco action. The Thai prawn taco was fun - liked the flavor profile. The shrimp were grilled just right and the sauce had a nice a zip. And the No Meat Zapato - it was quick, easy, hearty, pretty tasty. I liked the pressed burrito action - resembled a panini and that was cool. Oh, and I had the pickles. Excellent portion - not over-pickled - however, the pickled mushrooms were a tad too chewy for me. Come here if you want a quick bite or an affordable, hearty group lunch or dinner on the weekend. Or....if you're like me - you have people visiting that don't "weird' food but want a unique SF experience -take 'em here. I had a good time and enjoyed my bites - Garaje met my expecations.
Great food, great people, great beer! Could not ask for more. YOU NEED TO GO HERE! Perfect after a gigantes game
Great Mexican. Visited with some friends out of town. We made multiple visits because it was that good. Ahi tuna tacos are the best thing on the menu IMHO.
This place is awesome! The unfinished look, laid back vibe, and friendly service make it perfect for lunch, happy hour, and dinner. At lunch they show soccer games. The food is solid and better than most places in the vicinity. And unlike most places in the vicinity, its not a total rip-off. The menu includes salads, burgers, tacos, and burritos with a creative twist. The draft beer selection is really great and they have wine and sangria as well. You really can't go wrong here. One Caveat: Vegetarians will have trouble here.
Really delicious Mexican place that you can pretend is kind of healthy because the ingredients are all so refreshing! We got two grilled fish tacos, with huge dollops of guacamole on them and a shrimp tostadita which was a giant corn chip with cabbage, cotija cheese, grilled shrimp, and other yummy toppings. They were both excellent. The food comes out fast and the portions are huge. Highly recommend.
I love everything about this place - beer selection on tap, beer selection by bottle, the zapato which is like a pressed burrito with grill marks on the outside, kind of like the Panini of sandwiches, the small booths in the middle, various seafood options. I particularly loved the tostada and the zapato.
My new wheelhouse. Outstanding vibe, excellent food.
Came here for a very chill birthday dinner. The food is pretty good, my boyfriend enjoyed everything that we got. The venue is what makes this place stand out though. I love really divey places like this. Parking situation could be a little better though. The meters around this area are expensive and the traffic sucks if its around rush hour.
Absolutely YUM. One of the BEST californian mexican foods around. If this shit were in Mexico, it'd be 5 stars too. The quality is amazing. Pricy but absolutely worth it. Big fan.
Great spot for after work drinks and eats. I had the pork fries, carnitas were very good but it seemed like it was missing something.. maybe beans? It was delicious but didn't blow my socks off. The cashier/bartender was very helpful. I explained what type of beer I usually drink and she gave me a couple tastes based on that. I have to admit I'm not hugely knowledgable about craft beers so I had a hard time finding one I like so I ended up with the sangria. It was really good. Overall, I give 4 stars instead of 5 just because it was all really good, but nothing mind-blowing.
Seriously good eats. You might have to wait a little longer, they are chatty at the register, but oh man, when you get your order. Excellent fish tacos, but I go for the prawn one everytime. Awesome decor! Cool vibe, walking distance from Howard, mission, etc. will give 5 stars if cashiers realize not the best time to hold a long conversation with every customer when there is a huge line. But I digress...
great place,but huge water waster. every AM washing outside doors with hose and sidewalks and watering plans... Must ask for water by the glass, but not doing the obvious during our current water shortage.. Tell the manager when you go in that they are under observtion..
My first trip to San Francisco,I ate my first meal at this restaurant. Wow The food was fresh delicious and reasonably priced. I loved the Indiana license plates as the decor.I wish I was a local to eat there everyday.Keep up the work and personable hospitality.
I have gotten the double cheese burger each of the three times I ate here. I find it hard to eat them without making a mess but these burgers are thick and packed with flavor. One of things I like in particular is the meatiness of the patties.
Amazing selection of brews and bites that keep keep me coming back!
Low cost, high deliciousness. Had the El Camino taco and carnitas street taco for a combined $9. The El Camino in particular was absolutely delicious. The restaurant is very informal as you just order up at the counter, grab your own table, and let the good be brought to you. Service is quick. People are friendly. Atmosphere is lively. Will be coming here again
LOVE this place! Has it all - food, friendly, attentive (and witty) staff, the ambi, the passionate owner, and the yummy delectable dessert at the counter that was made by the owner's wife, and lots of beer selections. *Clearly* they are a family on a mission: to bring delicious eats to San Francisco. I had a lip-smackin' fish taco and I'll keep going until I've tried it all. So sit tight for an updated review. My 5-star rating is for the overall experience and I'm so big on customer service and simple fresh and tasty food. Yup, I'm officially a regular!
Beer Beer Beer... and they serve great food as well
Coming to California from the Midwest I really look forward to getting my Mexican food fix. This place has the better reviews for Mexican food downtown San Francisco. The first night we attempted to walk here from Market we got lost, so that left us with urge to come try this place. Well, today we got the chance and what a disappointment. We got the chicken tacos and their stake burrito which they have some kind of weird name for. To make this painless and quick our tacos had no taste and were cold to the touch. The burrito not that much better with out taste really. The service was friendly and the place is hip. The music choice they play is not what you would expect from a Mexican restaurant, but then again this is NOT REAL MEXICAN FOOD. I would not come back or recommend this place.
The food, the atmosphere, the location... All A+ in my book. The owner shows his passion for this cute little restaurant when he talks to the customers. His knowledge of beer and food pairings is outstanding. Keep on doing what you do Garaje! I will continue to come back as long as I'm living in the city!
The burgers here are fork and knife sized unless you have huge hands and are willing to get a little dirty. Located close to AT&T park, just a few blocks away, and delicious. Walk up and order and wait for your fresh made personal burger (with beer if you want). Will go back if I happen to be in the area again soon.
This place is great, they have a bunch of good Belgian beers on tap. Tacos are delicious and have lots of meat. If you wanna be serious get a double cheeseburger with no bun and add some extras.
BEST prawn tacos I've ever had. iPhone 5 chargers at the tables. Thick and crispy tortilla chips with a great HOT salsa and good guac. I WAS VERY SATISFIED.
Unbelievable junk food. It's the fried classics, a chicken sandwich, some fries with steak on them. Everyone at my table seemed to be really enjoying their food. I wish I got the fried chicken sandwich, it looked (and sounded!) amazing. The fries with steak and cheese were pretty good too. Great place to get a beer and kick the munchies.
This place is a gem in SOMA / South Beach.Awesome beers on tap (I had a couple la fin du monde and a green flash IPA) and great food. No need to go to the mission for a good taco fix if you're in SOMA - Garaje has your back. (though it's not really Mission-y Mexican).Very reasonable prices and large portions too. Whereas most of South Beach feels sterile and boring, Garaje brings a different vibe while still remaining clean, spacious and accommodating. If you like sports, they have a number of screens playing different games. For those disappointed by the lack of good sports bars with good food in the area, this place will hit the spot (though by no means would I classify it as a simple sports bar). The staff there is extremely friendly and helpful as well. I highly recommend dropping by for some brew and tacos.
Cash only! I thought it was ok, not good, not bad. We got one burger (doesn't come with fries), a burrito, and two drinks and it was $21. Not really worth it but if you are in the area and hungry it is worth a try.
Stumbled upon this place getting a drink while waiting for our table at Briciola. I saw carne asada fries on the menu, and I just had to order them. Tasty! Not quite as good and "street food" like as the carne asada fries I've had in San Diego, but probably the best I've had in the Bay Area. For that I'll give 5 stars and come back to have a proper dinner.
I'm a repeat customer here for the thorough beer selection and the ambiance -- relatively quiet, not too bright, with a good amount of seating and an informal setting. The pastrami sandwich is pretty good, but a bit oily and fatty for my taste. It comes with a lot of extras (e.g., shredded carrots, jalapenos), so if you want a pure pastrami this might not be the place. Overall I'm a big Garaje fan.
So many reviews were for having lunch here but we headed over there for dinner. It was perfect for a Friday night. They have a good selection of beer, the place was bustling but we were able to find a seat after a few minutes, and the food was delish. We will definitely go back now that we know where this place is and what to expect.
Stopped here instead of being stuck in traffic...mojo chicken zapato was recomended to me and it was on point
Cheap without compromising flavor and a great selection of beers on tap! What's not to like?
The Carne Asada Fries were a life changing experience. Garaje has found the perfect balance between munchie food and gourmet street food, all packaged in a really neat restaurant within walking distance from most of the mission bay/downtown/soma/financial district areas.I've never been to Garaje and left unhappy with my food, or with the experience. 10/10, 5/5, 100%. One of the best restaurants for the price in the city. I'll probably be going for lunch tomorrow (yes, that applies to every day).
Really enjoyed this place. The food is solid and tasty, and the beer selection is very well rounded. Good beer + good food, you really can't go wrong.
I've been coming here since they opened, and ok, seriously, the food is amazing and filling and rings in at a reasonable price. The guys and waitstaff that work here are great, super-nice; the beer selection is good (NO CRAP ON TAP). Their sangria is basically a frozen alcoholic slushy and the upstairs loft is where all the cool kids sit. Decor is awesome. Look for the hilarious bathroom sign. And PEOPLE-PEOPLE-PEOPLE, THEY SHOW FOOTIE ON ALL THE TVS. FOX SOCCER ALL DAY, ERR'DAY. Real, legit futbol that, y'know, is played with FEET. None of this pigskin nonsense. I am convinced there is really no better place to watch soccer in this city. I don't know why I don't just bring my computer here and work here all day....oh that's right, because I wouldn't get any work done at all. Cash only, y'all.
Tostadito with chicken. You will not be sorry.
So glad to have this place right around the corner from my new office! The ahi tuna taco was really delicious. Service was friendly and fast. Apparently they have good sangria, so a happy hour is in order soon.
Really tasty food (cheeseburger was great, steak frites fries were perfect to share) and a large selection of beer. You seat yourself so pretty leisurely. A great spot if you're in SoMa. Can be pretty crowded on a Friday night around dinner but empties out around 9
Delicious! And the crowds prove it out. Favorites are the fish tacos (both grilled and fried), the Cadillac (shrimp and carne asada, I know it sounds weird but it's gooooood), and the cheese burger. Add an escabeche (spicy pickled vegetables) on the side and you have very satisfying lunch, dinner or happy hour treat. Everything is good washed down with a Mexican coke or beer. You can't go wrong. Even the vegetarian taco is great.
The food needn't be good. I was a fan even before I tasted the pretty perfect cheese burger. Good beer, nice ppl. Taking a star off for a slightly contrived decor.
What a great addition to the hood! I'm also glad they extended their evening hours. Great food, awesome prices, and a very personable owner...what's not to like? I wish them well!
Best tacos I have had since I got to sf. They also have quality IPAs, music, and iPhone chargers at every table. What more could you ask for?
I went last night (Friday) and I really liked the atmosphere. Strangely to say, I liked that the staff was polite but not obnoxiously friendly. There were a good amount of places to sit but when it filled, people had to wait for seating. The food was unique but the flavors didn't knock my socks off. The tap selection was exceptionally satisfying. I'd like to try something from their bottles next time because that selection looked good too. Sangria was kind of sub-par though. The shrimp Cadillac that my friend had looked really good. I had a steak Como se Llama and a chicken one which were yummy, don't get me wrong, but I was unimpressed.
Love this place! Packed house. The food is inexpensive and delicious! We love the zappatos and the street tacos. There are iPhone chargers at some of the tables. Fun place, will be back again!
Pretty good food for the prices you pay. The decor is fun/entertainment and service is decent. Overall, though it fell short of our expectations given all the reviews. I ordered the Ahi tuna and avocado taco (which was good but not amazing), and the Thai prawn tacos (which were pretty tasteless and a disappointment overall). Good value for money, and great for a quick bite but don't expect an amazing culinary experience. We'd still stick to the mission district for our fave taquerias.
Went to check this place out on a whim. Loved it! If we wouldn't have gotten the beers, our delicious Zapatos and tacos would have been so inexpensive for the quality. They were so good!! I'm allergic to shrimp, but my boyfriend raved about the Thai prawn taco. And I recommend the Cali steak zapato. Can't wait to go back and try the delicious looking burger!
Came before the A's/Giant's exhibition game. We ordered and found a seat really fast. I had the bacon cheeseburger. O-M-G!!!! I love burgers and have tried many throughout San Francisco, and this one is easily at the top of my best burger list! 3 out of 4 of my group had the burger and we were all very impressed and satisfied. The burger was very juicy and flavorful, cooked to order (medium). The fries were perfectly crisp. My sister ordered 2 crispy tacos which were good but I'd definitely take the burger over the carne asada tacos. Yum....this had become my pre-baseball game restaurant.
Really enjoyed the Cadillac and shrimp tacos. The other food looked great, too. Very impressive beer collection and sangria was delicious. Casual environment - perfect for happy hours, groups, casual first date.
One word, Zapatos! Overall this is an amazing place, great veggie tacos (go at HH and they are almost nothing), great selection of high caliber beer. Great to meet friends and one of the best pre 10 pm meals in the hood.
the only reason its not a 5 is the wait. OMG i treked it there at 12:15 and it took forever to get the food. The wait to order wasn't that bad but the wait for the food was forever. It was worth it though. i got the ahi tuna taco for $5 with sauce on the side. totally accomodating and they did not skimp on the ahi tuna. nice big piece. Also got a Carnitas Zapatos for my friend who said he really enjoyed it as well. Next time, I'm going to try the thai prawn and the grilled fish. Sad though that they took off the salads from the menu! didn't get a chance to try those.
What a winning combination! Amazing food, Amazing beer selection, Amazing 1L glasses of beer, Amazing communal table, Amazing cash-only-but-tax-included, and the fooooooooood.
We live next door and went when it first opened. It wasn't that great but we just went back, the food was super tasty!We got a burger and the ahi sandwich. Both were priced very well- I got a big thick piece of fish for $13. Definitely will be coming here more often. Would love to try the fries. Also, love the service! super friendly waiters.
One of my favorite places in SF. Their beer selection is very impressive and the people working there actually have knowledge about which beers they serve-imagine that! The food is FUCKING GREAT. They have a taco called the "Como se Llama" and it's basically a Double Decker from Taco Bell times a thousand. Their bacon cheeseburger is wonderful, their shrimp tacos are flavorful to the max, and the carne asada fries have been giving me wet dreams for the past two weeks. TMI? Too bad. Go here and eat their food ASAP.
Only been there once but pretty much everyone in the office loves it, and it was delicious the one time I went. Got the pulled pork something or other (it was a few weeks ago) with extra jalapeos and it was really good. I'll update this review after I go back a few more times.
This place is so good that I'm reluctant to review this place, in fear that other people will find it.This is the best approximation of a San Diego style california burrito I've had in the bay. Seriously solid. I'll be back many times.Now back to my food coma.
The Little Chihuahua : The Lower Haight :: Garaje : SoMa
Divey bar with very good food. Sassy, fun ambient, perfect for a beer after work. ++ for listing prices including tax.Great juicy cheeseburgers, cooked til they're just right. High quality tuna, pan seared with fresh guacamole. Cheap, too!Bonus points: they've got phone chargers on the walls, but I couldn't get wifi.
Zapatos aren't shoes on this menu! They're the perfect nexus of burrito and panini. Delicioso!
Cheap eats, cheap litters of beer and best of all, iPhone chargers on the tables against the wall. Genius!
A down to earth affordable place with good food that's better than I can make at home. The thai shrimp tacos were amazing. Nice atmosphere too.
Excellent food, creative menu, and cool informal feel
Now this is a good burger.
I went there once and usually like to try a place two or three times before submitting a review but this place was the bomb. We had carne asada fries, zapatos, tacos and some kind of salad (not mine). Both the carnitas and the carne asada were tender and very tasty. Fresh Guac and sour cream adorned the dishes. I usually go for a lot of hot sauce but I'm glad I didn't since the food was so good on its own. This is the place to hit before a game but it is cash only so ditch the plastic. It's okay for kids but looks seedy on first glance (really, it's not). Highly recommended.
This place is a gem for casual dining, and great with 4 or so friends. I was looking for a local place with interesting choices. I had the Cali Zapatos, and it was outstanding. The beer choices are interesting and vast. If you are close to the Convention Center, don't miss it.
Garrrrrrrahe! Cool little spot. Had the chicken mojo zapato...damn tasty. A little crispy texture with some re-fried beans and marinated chicken. Not crazy, sloppy big either...just right for lunch. Also had a bite of the burger. This was good too...like a old school burger from a diner. Too bad I was working because they had a good beer selection too. Definitely coming back!
Love, love this place. My co-workers and I are regulars since we work across the street from them. Food is great and the staff are always friendly. My only complaint is they took away the Jose Wong Salad! BRING THE SALAD BACK! The Ladies at Raising A Reader miss this salad:-(
Man I really wish the yelpicites (yes I just invented that term, TM pending) didn't discover this place, because ever since it started blowing up on Yelp the lines have gotten ridiculous. I work just around the corner from Garaje and when I first discovered it, I knew I had stumbled onto an SF eatery goldmine. The zapatos, which are pretty much just flat panini-like burritos, are amazing. Selection of beer is fantastic and I love the garage/grungy feel of the place.
Was looking for food in my new office area and stumbled upon this gem! The owner just happened to be in the dining area and politely asked if I had any questions. Since it was my first time and they have an interesting menu, I took him up on his offer and received a full rundown of their menu! The owner gets it - a good restaurant is about delicious, innovative food. I a and they deliver in full! I'm going to have a fun time exploring the entirety of their menu :)
I just ate there, and the Steak fries are awesome, and huge, lots of guacamole on top, and lots of steak! I could only finish the fries, didnt even touch the chicken sandwich I ordered with it. I arrived at 11:32, and all the booths were already taken, but only 4 people in line. By 12, the line was out the door, maybe 30 people in line.Only 2 reasons I didnt give 5 stars; a cockroach on the table, and the price. Sandwich, fries, coke = $20. even. Thats a bit high for lunch, although the food was great, and a fun atmosphere.
I know its san frsnvisco and you can go to tge mission and get more authebtic mexican for half the price but honestly this place is delicious! !! Great guilty pleqsure to have. My "go to" items are the chicken burritos and meat fries. I take all my friends from out of town and they are sold just as much as I am.
This place is phenomenal. The guys running it are super friendly- they gave my friend a partial free-refill on his gigantic mug of beer since my other friend and I hadn't finished ours as quickly as he had. Who does that? As for the food- the fish tacos were perfect and delectable in spite of the fact that they are made with my most loathed of white fishes- tilapia. The fried one is on a flour tortilla (also not usually my cup of tea) with a chipotle aioli sauce which, in my experience, u can put chipotle aioli on a piece of shoe leather and it would be palate-pleasing. The grilled one came with a healthy scoop of gorgeous guacamole, perfect perfect perfect. I rec. ordering one of each, it's plenty of food and a great price. We also ordered the homemade potato chips, because when in Rome....u order the potato chips? They were good, not that memorable but then again I drank a mug of beer the size of my new hyundai's tank. My friends got those zapato things, they were good, I tried them, but it was clear that I had the winner winner fish taco dinner.
My new favorite place to eat! Hard to find beers on tap! Fresh and delicious food! And the service is prompt and friendly! Love the atmosphere and how unique this place is. It is a hidden gem and SoMa's little secret.
Delicious! The asada was cooked and seasoned perfectly! I had the asada zapato, it was great! So were the asada fries, seared ahi tacos, n the shrimp tacos... I had their sangria drink, n it was great! I had nothing bad to say about this place... give it a try, u wont be disappointed! Oh, it will be packed during lunch time so if ur pressed for time u may have to plan accordingly...
Unreal fish tacos and fries at this place! Great for lunch and a fun spot to visit for a beer with coworkers or friends on your lunch hour.
This is a wonderful hidden gem!! The food is SO GOOD!! It's in a great location (because my friend lives across the street) so we go for happy hour a bit, and it's always delicious. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Perfect place to get a quick meal, or to hang out for a bit. It's cash only though, so remember to bring money.
A bit pricey for tacos but they were delicious! We split the Cadillac, tuna,and fish taco. Delicious!!
This place is amazing! I love their tacos and they have a great beer selection. Just make sure to bring cash (or use their ATM).
The food here is FANTASTIC. I highly recommend the So Fried Chicken Sandwich.
Very good tacos--carnitas.
Writing this review as I sit at Garaje. The fact that this is my first yelp review should clue you in on how awesome this place is. The ordering was easy the food came out quick and it was oh so good. I got the Surfer Leo Zapato - a grilled burrito stuffed with fried tilapia, fries, guac, and awesome sauce. It was very yummy. We ordered happy hour tacos and they didn't make it onto our ticket so they were on the house. Everything was top notch. The atmosphere is a little sports barry and divey but not dirty. It's a pretty hip place.
Great neighborhood spot for lunch, happy hour or relaxed dinner. You can get pints or liters of delicious beer, or they have plenty of bottles and sangria to choose from. The food is good. I'm looking forward to seeing their soon-to-be Saturday brunch menu. It is very loud owing to the openness of the space, so be aware of that.
This place is killer. Everything looked amazing but I had burger, which was to die for. Acme bread, juicy meat and 1000 island sauce. Great vibe too.
Passed this place by accident in the afternoon on my way from the Caltrain station back to Tehama Street and knew that I had to return for dinner. Was worth the walk and then some. Thai prawn taco...awesome. Battered tilapia taco...awesome. The escabeche was really delicious too (although the "cup" portion is really more pickled vegetables than one person should eat. Beers are amazing too. There's a place that does this kind of street taco in Boston and when it grows up, grows a pair, and learns how to please a lady then *maybe* it can hang out with Garaje.
Four stars for the food. Slow, inconsistent service with long waits for your order (often involving a mistake) bumps them down to 3 stars.
Real good Mexican street food. Cold beer. 1 beer three tacos $14. One of the tacos was an awesome shrimp taco perfectly cooked. Usually seafood is overlooked but this was perfect. Highly recommend
Above and beyond! Consistently good, great options for endless combinations of combos' ...wait, someone fix that sentence for me : / Finally tried the sangria... And Yup, now hooked on that too.If I had a wish to make this place perfect, I would wish for the music level to be toned down a few volumes...
I really enjoyed the Ahi Tuna Avo taco. Plenty of Micro-brews on tap. This seems like an ideal place for happy hour or after work drinks and tacos.
My friend who is a chef at another restaurant invited me to Garaje a few days ago, and I'm so glad he did! It's such a short walk from my place, and I loved the sangria. It wasn't your typical sangria with the fruit in it... it was more like a yummy slushy. My hubby had the California zapato and he loved it! What is a zapato you ask? Great question, we were wondering the same thing. It's sort of like a panini / quesadilla. You should definitely try it. The vibe is casual, and the staff is super friendly. A great bonus: they have iphone 5 chargers at some tables. Thanks!
Okay, so I went back a couple days later with my son. He demolished the cheeseburger. I had the Cadillac Taco. Did I mention very inexpensive?
This place is amazing! Awesome Food and even better service! I recommend the Cadillac taco and the Cali steak zapatos. I hope they open weekends soon! I'll be back
This place is around the corner from my work, I have had one of their sandwiches and burgers. Both were good only downside is its cash only.
Great, inexpensive Mexican food, and a good variety of beers. It's not super convenient to transit, but easy if you are driving or happen to be walking by for a ballgame or something.I tried one of the Zapatos, and it was pretty good. Kind of like a California burrito. The servers were pretty nice too.It's no Mission taqueria, but it has a great vibe and good for just hanging out as well.
I am so lucky that Garaje is perfectly within my work lunch walking radius. The zapatos are like burritos if burritos were some kind of incredible, flavor-packed, panini-grilled joy pouch
The food here is incredibly satisfying. I have yet to try something that I haven't been very happy with. The cheeseburger is great. The Cali zapato is great. The carne asada zapato is great. The Jose Wong salad is great. It's pretty impressive that they can have such an eclectic menu but still keep all the items on it quite good.The food here is exactly the style of food that you would expect. It's not delicate, but it is very flavorful and totally addicting. The staff might also be the friendliest restaurant workers I've ever met.
One of my favorite go to spots near my office. Really flavorful creations from their zapatos (think of burrito pannini pressed), carne asada fries, tacos and mores. This place even has burgers. My favorite is the cadillac (surf and turf, carne asada and shrimp). It's on the pricier side but they do have a happy hour after 3pm to get $2 hard shell tacos.
Be one the first to discover this SOMA neighborhood cantina. Just had the grilled fish taco with house made guacamole. SO good! The tilapia is sustainably raised and seasoned to perfection. Local tortillas are fresh and delicious. Setting is casual, prices are very reasonable and service is prompt and friendly. Can't wait to try the many great sounding dishes. Orders are cash only.
Great place! Amazing atmosphere, smiling faces, really good beer. You should definitely try the Cali steak and fries with beef and cheese! Cheers to Garaje!!!
I can't help but give this place 5 stars. I'm still enjoying the beer and food I'm having as I type this. I'm having the carne asada fries and they are amazing. A friend who is with me had the bacon burger, he shared a piece with me and it was equally amazing. This is not you typical bud light and coots light place. You have to appreciate good beer and amazing food. I definitely would come back here. The staff is friendly and the good service is quick. Good job Garaje!!!
Yum! Saw this place on yelp, and it lived up to its good rep. Not quite as cheap as I was expecting (5$ per fish taco), but tax is included and it was DELICIOUS! The fish tacos I had were the ones called "a la plancha" or something like that. Highly recommend it.
Incredible selection of beer and the food is excellent. This is the place to go especially if you are a soccer fan.
For all you SoCalers looking for a place that serves California Burritos comparable to those found in LA/OC/SD, this is the closest thing to it in NorCal. Actually, I'd say almost better if not better. If you stop by here, get the Cali Steak Zappato burrito/quesadilla/whatever they call it. It's AMAZING. Also, try their Mexican Chocolate Brownies! The cashier gave us one on the house and it was one of the best brownies I've ever had. Reminds me of that cinnamon-y chocolate taste you get with Abuelita Hot Chocolate. This place also serves liquor and is just a few blocks from Giants Stadium!
A whole group of us met here. Naturally, we all had different foods that we can't eat. They will totally customize a dish! I had two different types of fish tacos. So good!
The street style tacos are super good.
Cool little place. Can be hard to find though if you are an out-of-towner. Double burger was awesome. So juicy... a little greasy... but very delicious! Make sure you bring cash. :)
So like many typical SoCal transplants, I've been in search of bomb ass carne asada fries and after a year of searching I've had no success until tonight. I yelped carne asada fries and found this place and was skeptical when first looking at the fries but DO NOT let it fool you. The carne asada is SO SO good as is the cheese and guacamole. I would definitely recommend this place! Also has a cool vibe-- fun to go watch a game at! CASH ONLY!
I read all about how unbelievable the burgers were here so when I went for the first time I just had to try a burger even though it is really a Mexican food place. The burger was quite good, but nothing to go crazy over. The fries were actually better than the burger. Fried perfectly so they were a bit crisp on the outside, but still potatoey on the inside. I would actually give it 3 1/2 stars if I could. Next time I will try something more Mexican and see if it deserves 4 stars.
I work just across the street and man oh man am I thankful. This is some of the best food - hole in the wall or otherwise - I've had in SF. I went to college in San Diego and obviously fell in love with the type of burritos made there (especially the California burrito). Garaje does San Diego style burritos proud. Wow. These "zapatos" (the panini grilled burritos) are completely delicious. So impressed with Garaje's commitment to high quality, local, sustainable ingredients. It pays off. If you're in the area (or even if you aren't) this is a must visit.
Best chicken Taco's , spicy and tasty.
Easy to miss due to a lack of a noticeable sign outside. We came looking for this place and still missed it. Twice. It's in between the Rainbow Pho place and the corner market. Once inside, I was glad we made the effort to find it. The Cali Steak Zapatos were mouth-watering, just like the photo by Cherylynn N. above. The street-style tacos were excellent as well.
Damn tasty!!! Get the cali zapato. Really good quality. Cant wait to come back. Only downside is that this a cash only place.
Fun place! We stopped in for some sangria and they gave us a heaping basket of chips to go with it. Super friendly staff. Looking forward to trying the food. Also, they mentioned possibly expanding their hours to the weekend- which would be super exciting! Could def envision stopping in before or after a Giants game.
A perfect lunch! My friends and I shared the wild ahi and avo salpicon. Delicious with their house made potato chips. I had a grilled fish taco that was very good. We all enjoyed everything we ordered. Looking forward to returning and happy to have this great addition to the neighborhood. Very casual and cash only.
