First time to kokari celebrating 5 year anniversary ---- amazing experience . Everything was superb from the food to the wait staff. Definitely would go back. Try the calamari and ask for duck dolmas from the small plates. The portions from the main dishes are ample so you definitely get your money's worth w quality and quantity . The bill was 200$ (w tip included). This includes 3 small dishes, 2 mains , and 4 drinks total. Bread( which may I add is fresh baked and amazing ) was complimentary. But it alone was so delish w the olive oil that it could have been an appetizer. Thanks kokari-- cheers.
3.5 rounded downI must have grown up, Kokkari is no longer as special as it was 10 years back. Like others have mentioned, it is good food with a certain baseline in quality but nothing amazing. I would have rounded up to a 4 if it were easier to get reservations. Definitely better than its sister Evvia in Palo Alto.
I had been looking forward to trying Kokkari for some time, and was very fortunate to be given a gift certificate by some friends. I of course perused reviews prior to my visit, and saw that a general consensus advised us getting zucchini cakes, grilled octopus, and lamb chops. We did not order the zucchini cakes (later I was very relieved since friends who had visited the restaurant previously confirmed they were not that good). We did, however, order the grilled octopus and baked duck ravioli. Do not get either. The baked duck ravioli - 5 measly pieces at a whopping $17 - NOT worth it. It came out room temperature and tasted like something I could have bought at Trader Joe's to reheat in my microwave. As for the grilled octopus, it was interesting, but I was not a big fan of the taste. Where Kokkari shines is their entrees. We ordered the lamb chops and their dry aged rib eye. I'm not normally a fan of lamb, but theirs is cooked very well. It is so tender that the bone just falls off. However, this dish does still have a slight gamey taste. The dry aged rib eye was perfection. I requested medium rare and they cooked it just the way I like my steak - done on the outside, and melt in your mouth slightly-rare on the inside. I only finished half of my steak as it is rather large, and it was still tasty the next day after reheating in my oven. The service was lackluster. I expected better quality in service since the restaurant is so pricey, but I felt the servers simply slammed down the dishes and hastily slipped away, like at an Applebee's or something. Oh well. No biggie. I'm glad I had my gift certificate, because I don't think all of the food warrants such a high price. I would consider coming back only for the steak, or maybe to try their popular grilled fish dishes (which I have heard good things about).
Everything about Kokkari impressed me. Service, ambience, and most of the all... the food. In my opinion, there is nothing better than high class food served in a casual and lively atmosphere. This is exactly what you get here. The food is rustic and just so delicious. There are two must order dishes when you're here... The grilled octopus appetizer and the grilled lamb chop entree. Game over!
As I San Franciscan, Kokkari should be marked off my list a long time ago but probably because I'm not the biggest fan of Greek food and lamb. TRUST ME, after you give Kakkari a try, you will fall in love. Simply amazing!Kokkari was the perfect place to take my friend somewhere nice for her birthday. I booked the reservation a month ahead to get the time slot I wanted. Reservations are hard to get for the best time frames. The restaurant gives you a coozy, fine dining touch. Decor has warmth with high ceilings. Open kitchen with a fireplace, cooking up chicken, etc. The restaurant is huge and they are fully booked every night. Wow! The bar area is first come first serve. Grab a drink and you might get a seat. Appetizers:**Kalamari-grilled calamari stuffed with feta. It's so freaken good. The calamari was cooked perfect with the feta, explosion of flavors. **Arnisia Plevrakia - grilled lamb riblets - Super tasty, did not have that strong taste you get from low quality lamb. **Pantzaria-roasted beets with Greek yogurt & pistachio - YUM. The blend of the yogurt and beets was delicious. Not cheese so its okay to eat a lot and not feel fat. ha! Entrees: **Arnisia Paidakia-grilled lamb chops (3). IT'S A MUST. Their most famous dish. Not a big fan of lamb but wow, it's super good. Cooked prefect with a good amount of redness. The seasoning was perfect. Not too salty. **Goat Stew (Special, off the menu) with soft cheese and artichokes. - My first time having goat. It's like a pork stew. Very tasty, not bad at all. Dessert**Baklava - Traditional walnut & honey baklava with vanilla-praline ice cream - Ordered for the birthday dessert. OMG so freaken good. Never had it before but its flakely on the outside and soft on the inside. YUM! Wantng for more! Loukoumades - Traditional Greek doughnuts with honey, cinnamon & walnuts. - The mini donuts was just okay but its super pretty and it came out hot. Fresh! I can't wait to come back!
Classy restaurant. Kokkari Estiatorio took my Greek dining experience to a totally different level. I have heard a lot about this place from my friends and finally made it in here today. I came in for lunch with 2 of my girl friends. We did get in here about 11:45 AM but unfortunately, we did not make a reservation.So we got ourselves seated at the bar. And the hospitality was as good as, if would have been seated at those nice tables.It is a great place to have your birthday lunch/dinner or come here on a romantic date or just with friends. But make sure you have a RESERVATION!The service was perfect to the dot. Our waiter was very knowledgeable. He started off with the specials list and got our drinks and appetizers taken care off right away. The service was not too slow considering a fully packed house.We were served with complimentary bread and olive oil (which by itself was filling up my tummy).And this is what we ordered:We shared 2 appetizers. Spanakotiropita (filo pies) and the Zucchini cakes (as recommended by Stephanie Y). I highly recommend the zucchini cakes. It came with a side of mint yogurt dressing which complimented the cakes so well. There were 3 pieces per order which was perfect for us.For the entrees, I ordered the ravioli and my friends ordered the Chicken Souvlaki, which is basically chicken skewers. Since it is the season of Lent, I had to stick to vegetarian food. The ravioli was pretty good and I felt the portion was good enough for me.I will be back for more. I definitely do want to try the non-vegetarian dishes after Lent.This is one place I didn't mind paying a little more because of all the good food and hospitality. It came up to $45 per person including the tips.Highly recommend this place!
I've had Kokkari for dinner on my birthday every year for the past 5 years and it never disappoints. In fact, it's become tradition and I love it. Every once in a while I head over for lunch and guess what? It's just as good!Last week, my friend was able to get a last min reservation which is tough to do. I found out that they turn away over 300 calls a day because they are so packed all the time! Crazy huh? Never the less, we were seated with the consistent hospitality that I've experienced every time I've dined there. We ordered the following: Fried Smelt (Fries with eyes) - Probably my favorite appetizer. I mean, come on. Fish you can eat like french fries. Just silly. Octopus - Tenderized to perfection. Branzino (for each of us) - Head on and everything. Lemon, oregano, olive oil over an open flame. Stupid good. This place lives up to the hype and more. Book ahead and don't miss your reservation because they are impossible to get!
I'm in love with this place. My bf took me here for an early Valentines Day dinner and it was amazing!We had a reservation at 8, we got here a little later than that but we were seated right away.We started off with appletinis, which were bomb- very sweet and tasted like jolly ranchers. We decided to order a bunch of appetizers and one entree to share. The entrees are pretty big, and we decided we would rather try more things.For our appetizers we ordered the grilled octopus, grilled lamb riblets, and cucumber yogurt with pita. For our entree we ordered the dry-aged rib-eye and it was cooked to perfection.Everything just tasted amazing. My favorite was probably the octopus and the rib-eye. I can't wait to come back and try more of their menu!
I had a subpar experience at Kokkari for lunch years ago but decided to give it another go due to the overwhelmingly positively reviews (both on yelp and from friends), Once again, I'm simply not impressed. I met up with two girl friends and we ordered 2 apps, 3 mains and 1 dessert. The apps were the lamb meatballs and the fried smelt. Mains were the rotisserie of the day (lamb), the lamb shank and the seabass. And we got the dessert that starts with a 'k' that I can't pronounce.The apps were ok, nothing special. I like the smelt more than the lamb meatballs. I thought they probably took too long to bring out the smelt because it's no longer piping hot so not as crunchy as it should be. I thought it was oversalted. The lamb meatballs were pretty bad, I thought. It was too salty and the lamb was too dense and hard, not tender at all. The flavor was tomato heavy, with nothing more than just salty and sour. The seabass, which didn't look like seabass to me, was a whole fish. I thought seabass are huge fishes. This one was deboned for us and it tasted more like a river fish. It was too salty and also just not enough aromatics. I like my flavors layers and not one note and this dish definitely fails the test. The lamb shank was also too salty (see a trend here?) and also one note. Throw some figs into the braising liquid or something. I can't taste anything other than salt and it doesn't nothing to bring out the sweetness of the lamb shank. My favorite item of the entrees was the rotisserie lamb. Somehow they managed not to bombard the dish with salt (!) and I could taste more nuance flavors of the meat. I could also taste the herbs they used to marinate the meat. The potatoes were also good.I think my favorite item of the night was the dessert. It wasn't perfect either. It's fried filo drenched in honey, topped with a pistachio (?) custard and on top of that, creme fraiche. I would have like the dessert much more if they used some sort of short bread crust instead of the slivered filo. The filo was stringy and stale in texture, either crunchy nor soft. It was just weird and unpleasant texture. The custard and the whipped creme fraiche was perfect combination, though.The service is OK. The waiter was adequate but the bus boys were really great about refilling waters. Maybe I'm,just too picky, but for the reputation and the price, I expect a much better meal. The food was way over salted and just so one note. Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me. Definitely never coming back here again. It's really too bad because I really wanted to like this restaurant because the decor here is fabulous and romantic.
+Yelp Pro-tip...Kokkari for lunch = $$$deal, dinner is probably about twice the price $_$ so why spend more money when you can get it for half off (sort of)There are a lot of things I enjoy here for lunch:-greek salad-oven roasted prawns-meatballs-whole fish (to share with a group)-chicken souvlakiI highly suggest you go with at least one other person so you can share a few different dishes :D++Yelp Pro-tip...this place is one of those places where reservations are HIGHLY encouraged... but if you ever decide to eat here on a whim for lunch, you will usually be able to find a spot at the bar and Tony/Chris (the best bartenders) will take care of you.
It took a couple tries for me to find the right door to enter the restaurant, but once we did, I was super duper happy....It was raining pretty hard outside. Who wouldn't be excited to get outta the rain?Great place to go if you want to test someone's pronunciation skills. The names of each item on the menu are complicated. I think that's why my girl decided to take me here for my birthday! They even test the waiters' pronunciation skills! Price: Look to spend at least $30 per entree.Parking: Street. We UBERed.Food:- Zucchini cakes (actual name is complicated!!), per yelpers suggestions, was our appetizer. It came out to be two thick zucchini cakes, probably the diameter of a tennis ball or so, and some tatziki sauce. It was super delicious, flavorful, and just the right texture. I enjoyed it very much!- WHOLE FISH is what I ordered. The fish of the day was sea bass which I took grilled with lentils. We were laughing about how this dish could not possibly be a whole piece of fish, but it was! I did SERIOUS damage though. This was super tasty and quite refreshing. I loved squeezing the lemon on which added zest. My only complaint would be that this dish was swimming in oil.- Pork chop special is what my girl ordered. There were about 5 hefty pieces of pork that were moist and lean, had the right amount of fat. Of course she only ate 3 pieces because she's notorious for never finishing her COFFEE!-Baklava - Sweet, crunchy, sticky, not badOverall, this restaurant is huge but I would still make reservations. Restrooms are downstairs.
After all these years, they are still on the top 10 list. As soon as I learned I was going to be in the area, we made a reservation via open table. They like to call you to confirm reservation a couple of times, a bit annoyed by frequent calls. They are open from 11:30am. We showed up at 11:20am and the door was locked. It would have been nice if they let us in to wait inside the restaurant as it was cold outside. There were about 10 people stood outside waiting for them to unlock the door.I really liked the ambiance of this restaurant. I like the way the decorated. Very traditional and classy.We started with our lunch with two appetizers. Based on the reviews here, I wanted to try the grilled octopus. Nicely flavored but the quality of octopus wasn't the best I had. Perhaps I had too much expectation. Traditional filo pies were good but I wasn't overwhelmed by them.I ordered grilled lamb chops for my lunch. This one met my expectation. Two large lamb was served with potato, a bit tangy taste from lemon went good with plain potato. Very large meat, I was very full after lunch, I had to skip desert. Our server was very friendly and attentive. Enjoyed his good service throughout. They were very busy during lunch time when we went. They were completely full, yet our server kept up with great service.
Dinner review. Zucchini cakes - 4/5 - 7x7Lamb shank - 5/5Lamb chops - 5/5Kataifi - 5/5Greek coffeeOverall, best Greek food in SF. "As good as it gets."
The greeting was great, the valet got the door. No crowd, nice smiley hostess, and our table was waiting. Not that I wouldn't have liked to have a drink at the crowded bar.2-top, seated and greeted, bread and olive oil, the salt was waiting. Food menu, wine menu, lots of great choices.The food rocks, the duck ravioli so good, Mongolian/Chinese/Silk Road start and then the cheese, saga, so salty, wines by the glass to really get a taste for the cuisine.Lamb shank...what's not to love falling off the bone and the pasta with it, so toothy and tasty.The halibut, tho toothsome, was a bit disappointing for the nasty bones. Kinda like a nasty retsina after too many good ones, sharp and less. But the flesh was tasty, the muslin wrapped lemon half a nice touch.First room looks to be bigger wigs and limited partners, the corridor up for grabs. The froggy looking guy there gave me the creeps, and he was there quite a while. Biggest room has an alcove that looks quieter, otherwise it's gonna get loud. Too many hard surfaces and not enough to absorb all the chatter leads to people shouting to dining companions and takes what could be a nicer evening somewhere into the din...Our waiter was a bit overwhelmed, never saw the doggy box...oh well, in hindsight the lamb was a bit pungent and gamy, and the next day would not have been better. Best thing happened.Watched two different sets of diners get seated, check out menu and then leave. One woman kept cupping her ears. I know why.Come and enjoy. Drinking helps kill the awful noise.
Wildly popular UP$CALE GREEK FOOD in a formal dining room in SFPARKING: Valet parking $8. Or was it $12. We were super lucky and found street parking.RESERVATIONS: Must call in advance. I called about a month ahead, OpenTable is showing only a couple days available during the entire next two months so call the restaurant to see if they can take you even if OpenTable says there's no available spots. AMBIANCE: I immediately felt underdressed when I walked in! This is definitely a special occasion type of place, perfect for date night or girls night out. There are 2 large dining areas, one with a huge fireplace rotisserie cooking the daily special "spit" items. There is also a private dining room downstairs by the bathrooms that is nice and quiet and away from the bustling upstairs. If you don't have time for a leisurely dinner, stop at the bar, which stays open between lunch and dinner.FOOD: we ordered a bunch of small dishes to share and a bunch of entrees which we devoured family style. I've never been to Greece and the only Greek food I've ever eaten is gyros and hummus, so it's hard for me to even compare the dishes that we had to anywhere else because I've never had anything quite like it. We ordered lentil soup, whole fish, meat from the huge rotisserie, octopus, eggplant, and stuffed grape leaves with shredded duck! It was all well prepared and was the perfect way to end my short trip to SF. SERVICE: top notch. I told our server I had a plane to catch and he made sure we got through all our courses in time.I had such a short time in SF that I wanted to find a dining experience unlike anything we have in Hawaii. This was definitely a good choice. Well picked, my yelpy friend.
When you enter Kokkari, the ambiance is warm, lively, and inviting and you know you're in for a special evening. We went here to celebrate two birthdays and had a royal experience both times. Everything from the gracious service to the outstanding food, makes Kokkari one of the best restaurants in SF.Highlights from our meals included: the Melitzanosalata (eggplant dip with grilled pita), Kalamboki (roasted sweet corn), Kalamata PIta (flatbread with kalamata olives) for starters. For entrees, we loved two of the lamb dishes: the tender lamb rotisserie special and the savory lamb chops. The roasted King salmon was also delicious and cooked perfectly. With baklava for dessert and Prosecco to celebrate, we had a stellar experience. This restaurant is a wonderful choice for special occasions.
It took quite a while but I finally made my way to Kokkari! Easily rated as one of SF's best, my love for Mediterranean food was enough to convince me to come here.I made reservations several weeks in advance using OpenTable and had to add an additional guest last minute. The restaurant informed me of their "hot list" which is used to change your reservation.My friends and I met at the bar and ordered a few drinks while we were waiting for our table. The bartender conveniently transferred our tab to the table. For starters, we had Zucchini cakes, lamb meatballs and pita with Tzatiski sauce. My favorite of all three were the meatballs. They were served in a marinara-esque sauce that we used to dip our bread in as well.For mains we opted to share two entrees of the fried fish and lamb skewers. The fish stole the show. I had never tried fried fish but it was so succulent and melted "right off the bone" just as our server had mentioned.We took it one step further and ordered Baklava ice cream and Greek donuts. BEST. ICE CREAM. EVER. Wow! I've never had anything like it. The service at Kokkari is absolutely impeccable and I would recommend this place for a nice dinner with close friends and family. You can't possibly go wrong.
I don't usually opt for Greek/Mediterranean food, but my boyfriend received some Kokkari gift certificates from his holiday party so we decided to try this restaurant for dinner. Neither of us were familiar with Mediterranean food and had no idea what to order from the menu. Luckily, our server was super nice and made some recommendations. We ended up ordering grilled octopus, stuffed grilled calamari, crispy baked duck ravioli, and the goat stew. The octopus and calamari were tender and not rubbery, which is alway appreciated. The goat stew was recommended to us by our server and we thoroughly enjoyed it even though I had never tried goat meat before. The duck ravioli tasted fabulous and I completely regret not ordering more of it. I will not make this mistake next time.The food is definitely pricey here. I don't think I would've tried Kokkari if it wasn't for the gift certificates. However, now that I know the food is delicious, I look forward to coming back some day.
Kokkari has been on my mind for two years but something (cough: prices) kept me away. I found myself facing the opportune moment of planning my wedding anniversary dinner and jumped for this dining experience. An open table reservation ensured a place to sit at 815 pm with shiny and happy hosts.The server (Lydia) was sweet and knowledgeable, she knew the complicated names & descriptions of all the Greek dishes which was beyond us. Specials were belted out expertly and we got started.Kalamata Pita ($13.25): Flatbread with ample cheese, onion, olive and mushroom toppings. Yum!Kolokithokeftethes ($11.75): Zucchini crispy cakes. These I want to make my best friend! They were perfection. The dressing that came on the side was all but licked off the plate. I have tried to make these at home before but no where close to what I was served. No wonder I could not charge $6 for each of mine :P Mapakia ($10): Brussel sprouts with bacon. This was the only part for which I cut one star, otherwise everything was more than amazing. These were a little low on flavor and watery. When everything else is close to perfection but you have one watery dish, it stands out like a sore thumb. Spnakakotiropita ($9.75): Traditional and delicate filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill. The crust was SO flaky, light and yummy, it left us yearning for more!Kokinisto me Manestra ($35.25): Lamb shank that fell of the bone, it was so tender and well seasoned! One of the best we have had since forever. The grains were weird and I forgot to ask what that was exactly, but it seemed like a rice puff.Galaktoboureka ($10): Semolina filled filo. So flaky and delicate, it was like a party in my mouth. Be sure to combine the three elements: the filo, the poached peach and ice cream for maximum effect!Milo Furnisto ($9): A baked apple with stuffing of walnuts and raisins, side of a scoop of ice cream. This was a seasonal dish and we were SO glad to have gone for it! The apple was juicy and succulent. Me and my husband did not talk for a whole 3-4 minutes that we took to finish the two desserts!As I have said before, there are some places where you pay and feel bad about paying, Kokkari was NOT in that category. I was all like, TAKE MY MONEY!
You must come here super hungry! There is so much to choose from. We had a hard time picking what we wanted, but ended up getting an assortment of foods to try with the help of our host. Everyone here is very helpful, so A+ on service for sure.Kokkari is fun for any occasion - we got drinks at the bar before our dinner so that was a treat in itself - the drinks are good. I can't say my moscow mule was that strong, but my dates martini drink was! We had the hummus - I went for the one advertised as "spicy," but don't worry, it's not spicy at all. The pita bread was buttery delicious. Then we went for the grilled octopus which was good. My date had the lamb chops and I went for the sea bass. Everything was mild in flavor, but you can tell it was fresh. Overall, you'll have a fun night at Kokkari.
This place absolutely lives up to the hype. The ambiance has an old world charm. It would work well for date night or a lovely group dinner. The service was very good, although they didn't have the bottle of wine we initially ordered and it took a very long time for them to figure that out. Overall service was slow but since I was having a leisurely dinner NBD. Outside of that, this was a superb dining experience. The bread with the olive oil to start - I mean, why am I even ordering dinner? "Good olive oil" is life changing. But, we didn't stop with the bread. Appetizer: Kolokithokeftethes (read: "zucchini cakes")One word, Delightful. Crispy and perfectly accompanied by the cucumber-mint yogurt sauce. Entree: MoussakaThis is basically a greek sheppard's pie, only better. The lamb was so perfectly perfectly seasoned and melt-in-your-mouth good. Eggplant and potato to top made for a comfort food on another level. And the beshamel... If I could swim in a pool of this beshamel with my mouth agape to catch all of its creamy goodness, I would.Dessert: BaklavaYeah, we went there as if we weren't stuffed enough. Go big or go home people. This was so, so good. Up there with the top 3 I've had. It doesn't get much better.I know this place is pretty spendy but we didn't think it was terribly priced and portions sizes were generous. Perhaps being from DC we are used to $75+ dinner bills. I thought it was reasonable for what we ate and would absolutely recommend this place to anyone and everyone who asks.
I really enjoyed my experience at Kokkari. It is renowned in San Francisco for delicious Greek food and exceptional service. Kokkari is not an every night kind of restaurant, but great if you are looking to celebrate something special. Be sure to make reservations in advance. There menu consists of all things Greek. We started off with some drinks at the bar, which we took to our table once it was ready. Instead of ordering a main plate each, we choose several of the appetizers, this way we made sure we could try a greater variety of dishes. Some of the favorites out of all the plates we tried were: Zucchini Cakes, Lamb Short Ribs, House-made Grilled Pita with Tzatziki. We also finished it off with some dessert, an amazing sundae - The Kokkari Sundae - with chocolate and vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and toasted hazelnuts. Overall, my experience at Kokkari was great. It certainly lived up to the hype. From the brick oven where they cook the pitas, to the open kitchen concept, you really feel like you're getting an authentic Greek experience!
Just one of my favorite buildings in SF in a beautiful location nestled off into a nook of SF.The ambiance is beautiful, but not stiff like many places that try. It gets a five star for a great location and service..The food is different and I don't have too much experience with Greek food, but give it a shot. It isn't my particular favorite cuisine, but some dishes definitely stood out.Lamb riblets. Yes. Moussaka. A sort of stew. Ok, not necessarily a favorite, but the choices are endless. I'll be back to try others, but Greek cuisine just isn't my cup of tea. Yet.All in all, simply put a lovely location that I highly recommend you check out and forge your own experience. If anywhere to try Greek, this is it!
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. Always reliable, always classy and always great for a special occasion.if you are a vegetarian - then skip the mains, order a bunch of small plates and dessert. The zucchini cakes and saganaki are to die for the dessert really isnt an after thought!
If there's a single piece of advice I'd give to anyone regarding Kokkari it's: make a *expletive* reservation. Don't be the little-bit-tipsy people who decide at 7pm on a Friday night to take a pricey Uber across town to one of SF's more renowned restaurants and think that bursting through their doors full of hopes and dreams and ignorance is a "good plan". Don't show up in the rain, along with everyone else in the vicinity, and decide that you're going to "wait it out" because "someone will probably bail on their reservation". Just....don't. I can tell you from personal experience (which may or may not be the exact experience described above) that THAT is a HORRIBLE IDEA.Now that you're prepared to make a reservation, I can tell you WHY making a reservation is a good idea. Such a delicious idea. Such a "best *expletive* Mediterranean food I've ever had in my life it's just plain goddamn amazing" idea. Now, even though you may think that I was unable to dine here, given the diatribe above -- I did. Somehow, by the grace of some benevolent higher power, we snagged a couple of barstools while the throngs of other hungry and waiting patrons weren't looking. During our waiting time, however, Manager Dimitrios treated us with expert hospitality. He took our drink order, ensured that a fabulous wine was in our hands, and assured us that he'd do everything he could to provide us a table that night. And if we hadn't been able to sneak into a couple of barstools, I truly believe he would've found us one. Luckily, we didn't need to abuse his hospitality and were able to proceed with the culinary mind-blowing.The bartender was a treat. Genuinely kind and interested in taking care of us even though his bar was absolute mayhem. I wish I remembered his name, I am not proud of my memory. He deserves serious accolades. On his recommendation, we ordered the grilled calamari which was succulent and fresh, lightly seasoned, neither chewy nor tough. Divine. For our entrees, I ordered the white fish, again on the bartender's recommendation. Cooked in olive oil with lemon and capers, I think. I cannot be certain. It doesn't matter, really. The finished product rendered me powerless and I ate the whole thing. I'm not even the littlest bit ashamed of that fact. My partner in dining crime ordered lamb. I wish I could tell you which dish. I don't even know. The fish had me so enraptured that I simply couldn't focus on anything else. He was equally enraptured though, so, that tells you something. All in all, I have to say, there is something to be said for cuisine that focuses on highlighting and amplifying simple, natural flavors. The freshness of the food here is the real gem, the true piece de resistance. And its expert handling by the chef is why the reviews here are so consistent, so reliable. Clearly, Kokkari has hit the nail on the head...in multiple areas of the industry. Cuisine, quality, customer service, atmosphere (as an interior designer, I was thrilled with the decor and ambiance), all were notable. Not that Kokkari needs to be recommended by a little ol' Yelper like myself, but it will be. I won't be able to help myself. And I'm not even the littlest bit ashamed of that fact.
The biggest difference between Kokkari and its sister restaurant, Evvia, is that Kokkari has more interesting (IMO) starters. I've been a frequent diner at Evvia for years, so I rolled in here with a good idea of what I wanted to order.The lamb chops (duh!), wood oven roasted prawns, and kataifi dessert were amazing. No surprise there. The duck ravioli sounded good, but the filling was too dense. I also tried the baked feta, which turned out to be too salty for my taste.For a guaranteed good meal, skip all the frills and fancy shit and just get the lamb chops.
Kokkari Estiatorio is one of the most popular dining hotspots in SF. It took months in advance to secure a reservation (yes, they're THAT hot). A brisk 10-15 minute walk from the Pier/Embarcadero, Kokkari Estiatorio is where the party is at in this neighborhood (all else around is a small park, a bank and lots of apartments). In all, parking is quite do-able in this area...but I still prefer to walk (only a 9 minute walk from the Embarcadero bart station). Although the food was good, I was not blown away. Sure, it'll always be a safe location that won't ever disappoint if I were to ever recommend a place in the city to dine at but, at the end of the night, there wasn't much that captivated me/left me lingering to come back for more....except maybe the kolokithokeftethes! Really a 3.5 but I'll round up.Kolokithokeftethes- What a tongue twister! They're crispy zucchini cakes/fritters and they were the best dish of the night. Formed into discs of patty perfection, these zucchini cakes look unassuming but once you become acquainted, there is no going back. The zucchini cakes melt in your mouth on first bite. The addition of feta bits in the mix is what makes this dish so sweet and savory. Dip it in the pecso with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing and it's golden.Marithes Tiganites- I've been a fan of fried smelts for quite some time now. These were crispy without being over fried and I was so glad that they weren't drenched in oil- i could attest to this as I may have accidentally wiped my "greased" fingers on my white shirt instead of the table napkin. Major fail. After freaking out and then thoroughly examining my top, the stain was only mild and there was nothing to worry about! Phew!  Moussaka- Eggplant, lamb, and potato all strategically laid in casserole form. This dish faired much better than the rest of my group's entrees. I've have overly creamy moussakas before and was quite happy that that didn't occur at Kokkari's! Go ahead and satisfy your tastebuds with this savory dish. Ippoglossa-Pacific halibut steak with fregola, spinach, artichokes & a farina pepper puree. The halibut was very bland. I was never a fan of fish steak and the Ippoglossa, sadly, reaffirmed that feeling.
Make a reservation!! And well in advance! Even for lunch reservations. My friend and I came for lunch on a weekday and it was definitely pretty busy (even all the way until 2pm when we left)The restaurant is pretty classy, so thank goodness I wasn't wearing the brightly-patterned yoga pants you'd normally find me in. Definitely a good spot for any sort of special occasion or a business lunch. Service is what you would expect from a nice restaurant - friendly, attentive, nothing really noteworthy though.They serve complimentary bread and olive oil while you're waiting for your food. Nothing special, but the bread was soft and moist.Per 7x7 and Yelp's recommendations, my friend and I ordered the zucchini cakes as appetizers. I got the lamb souvlaki for my entree and my friend got the grilled lamb chops. A lot of the other appetizers sounded really good too, like the grilled octopus and grilled calamari, but there's only so much two people can eat :( Next time!Overall, food is well prepared and well seasoned, and I would definitely return, but unfortunately I wasn't impressed enough to be dying to come back, especially at the prices. Lunch is reasonably affordable but dinner is on the pricey end. -----------ZUCCHINI CAKES ($11.50) - 4/5[with cucumber and mint yogurt dressing]2 perfectly fried zucchini cakes. Great texture: soft, moist and cheesy on the inside, crisp and lightly battered on the outside, and not overly greasy like fried things tend to be. The tzatziki was nice and tangy and complemented the zucchini cakes well. Pretty good overall, but I'm not a huge fan of feta and the zucchini cakes were a little too cheesy for me to love them.-LAMB SOUVLAKI ($24.50) - 4/5[marinated lamb skewered with tomato, onion and bay leaf; served with chickpea salad, tzatziki and pita]I asked for my lamb to be cooked medium rare but some pieces, while still pinkish, were a little overcooked (more on the medium side of medium rare) and a little too tough for me. Flavors were still good though. I don't really like chickpeas, but I enjoyed the refreshing acidity and the rest of the components of the salad. I liked the light/tangy tzatziki as well (although I wasn't really sure what I was supposed to eat it with), and the grilled pita was soft and surprisingly delicious.-GRILLED LAMB CHOPS ($30) - 4.5/5[with lemon-oregano vinaigrette and potatoes]I tried some of my friend's lamb chops (medium rare) and they were pretty amazing. Super tender and flavorful, but super fatty (although I'm pretty sure that's why they're so good). Well-made but as delicious as they were, they were lacking something that distinguished them from other lamb I've had. Kind of pricey for only 2 somewhat small lamb chops too.
If you are in the mood for high end Greek food, Kokkari is the place to go. You will need to make a reservation ahead of time if you want to dine between 6-9pm but I found a 10pm a few days before my visit.The restaurant is dimly lit and attracts a chic crowd. The server talked of it as an institution rather than a restaurant and thought we were lucky in landing a reservation. He explained the menu in detail and pointed out his favorite items.To start, I tried the Kolokithokeftehes (crispy fried zucchini cakes) which were surprisingly fluffy and light, and the Papio Manti which is crispy baked duck ravioli. The best dish was Arnisia Pardakia which was a beautifully seasoned grilled lamb chop. The highlight of my meal was without a doubt the dessert: the Galaktoboureko is filled with a self indulgent custard in a golden crispy pastry and was the perfect ending to my meal.Nothing I had was lo-cal here but it was certainly delicious, and I fully enjoyed my dining experience.
Most amazing service and food! Lamp chops where delicious! Our amazing server recommended a great wine to pair with our food! I would definitely come back!
I've been on a bit of a mission to try all three "highly recommended Greek restaurants" in NorCal -  Kokkari, Evvia, and Nemea.  After eating at Kokkari this past weekend I can finally conclude that my favorite out of the 3 is Nemea followed by Evvia and then Kokkari.  Even though Kokkari only ranks 3rd on my list i'd still recommend it to others. Here are the items we gotTaramosalata - This is the one dish I always get whenever i'm at a Greek restaurant and Kokkari's version does not disappoint. The flavor and quality is there and the pita bread is on point. The one thing that kind of made me sad was that their regular bread (the free bread they bring to every table) was not as good as the ones at Nemea or Evvia. The bread at Nemea and Evvia had this nice slightly burnt char to it and it was even more delicious than the pita bread when you dipped it into the Taramosalata. If anyone knows if this style of bread has a name please message me!Traditional whole grilled fish (branzino) - This was a good dish but not as good as Nemea's version. The fish itself was slightly overcooked and the spices were not as flavorfulGrilled lambchops - This was really good and whether or not you like this version or Evvia's version depends on how "fatty" you like your lamb.  Evvia's version was super fatty while Kokkari's version was very tender but not overly fatty. Kind of like Japanese Wagyu vs. USDA Prime.  Rotisserie roasted duck - This was the off the menu special of the day. For around ~42 dollars you get about 1/3rd of a duck that is slow roasted on a rotisserie stuffed with an assortment of spices.  I was surprised how similar it tasted like Chinese Roasted Duck....which I personally like better...and I would have been able to get an entire Chinese Roasted Duck for less than 40 bucks.  Not to say the duck here was bad, on the contrary it was quite good.I know my review makes it seem like Kokkari is more like a 3 star restaurant but I do really think it deserves 4 stars...it's just that when compared to Nemea and Evvia I didn't enjoy the food as much at Kokkari.
I don't even know what else to say that hasn't already been said. This place is awesome. Riveting review, ay guys?As all the other reviews report, the service is great, the ambiance is relaxing, and the food is spot on. I have to give a shout out to those zucchini cakes. I have no clue what was in it but I'm all about it! Honestly I assumed they were going to be bland. Let's face it, the zucchini is not the most exciting of veggies but damn! It was scrumptious. I'll come back once my wallet recovers.
It is definitely a 5 star. The hostess was terrible. She was rude and short confirming my reservation. Even when i called in to notify my late arrival, she had to add her senses about my name changing into diff letters. There is no need to give me an attitude about it. But other than her cool demeanor, surprisingly everything from being seated by nice waitress to walking out the door went so well. My waiter was from greece and he really helped us with what to order. We had grilled octopus, lamb tongue, sea bream amd grilled lamb chops. I enjoyed all. I even appreciate the bus boy who was on top of eveything. Rich interior decor with warm environment in the restaurant. I highly recommend this place. By the way, if you can get Peter as your waiter, please try. He remembered my face from nyc, wow, talk about amazing memory!!
After nearly 8 years of hearing how excellent Kokkari was, I finally managed to get a reservation for dinner. My wife and I and another couple visited the restaurant on a Sunday night. The restaurant was packed. This wasn't surprising given how difficult it was to get a reservation. The dining room is huge, which surprised me. Despite the size, it looked very classy.After a wait this long and all the stellar feedback I've heard, I was worried that my experience wouldn't live up to expectation that I've slowly built up. (Aside: I watched the movie, Argo, for the first time much later than most of my peers . I heard from many of them that it was "It was the best movie they'd ever seen". Then, I watched it, and I thought it was just OK. Btw, Argo, like Kokkari, is a Greek word!). In any case, Kokkari actually EXCEEDED my expectations. The meal was fantastic! It wasn't like the movie, Argo, at all!For dinner, our group shared a few starters, including a corn+feta cheese special (Kalambaki), a Greek salad (Horiatiki), and a combination plate of flat bread with tzatziki, eggplant, and feta (Pikilia). The corn dish surprised me to the upside the most - very flavorful.For my main, I had the Lamb Chops (Arnisia Paidakia), a dish that I've heard about for years. My wife had the Lamb Souvlaki. It arrived on the biggest skewer I'd ever seen, which was pretty cool! The waitress promptly slid the food from the skewer to my wife's plate so that we'd wouldn't hurt ourselves trying to deal with the bad-ass skewer for the rest of dinner. Both lamb dishes were really great.Beyond the actual food, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention that the service was outstanding.
Kokkari's been on our "to try" list and even more so that it has taken the top spot on Zagat's Top 50 Restaurant list for San Francisco and that it is back on Michael Bauer's Top 100 list for 2015. Located on the edge of the financial district, street parking was not an issue. Our party of six checked in for our 6pm reservations and were promptly seated in the rear Taverna room, which has views of the large open kitchen and windows looking out to Jackson St. It had a mellower vibe than the front room, which has a vibrant bar and a large rotisserie, which had a lamb and some chickens on the spit. Our friendly server welcomed us and exchanged some pleasantries before describing the specials before taking our drink orders. Our group looked over the menu and we decided to go at it family style so that we could try a more of the dishes. Starters:Marithes Tiganites - crispy smelts with garlic skordalia and lemon. Nice and crispy, but wished the smelts were a little larger.Arnisia Plevrakia - grilled lamb riblets with lemon, garlic and oregano. Not often you see lamb riblets on a menu, but rack of lamb or lamb chops. These were grilled perfectly and the lamb was moist and tasty. Grilled Sardines - a special of the day. Two sardines to the order, grilled and drizzled with olive oil and seasonings. Papio Manti - crispy duck ravioli with spiced brown butter and yogurt. The ravioli were filled with a tasty duck filling that were complemented with the butter and yogurt. Tirokafteri - feta cheese spread with housemade grilled pita. Nice feta spread for the thick slices of grilled pita. Also came with some pickled vegetables.Mains:Souvla Tis Emeras - rotisserie of lamb. The dish consisted of several cuts from the lamb. Though tender, wished it was not as well done so it would be as dry.Psari Prito -traditional grilled whole branzino with horta and lemon. The fish is deboned before it's brought to the table. The fish is light and fresh tasting.Moussaka - traditional baked casserole of spiced lamb, eggplant, potato and yogurtGoat stew (special of the day) - tender pieces of goat over a bed of orzo. Dish was full of flavor.Desserts:Baklava - traditional walnut-honey baklava with vanilla praline ice cream. Galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with fresh apricot sweet crme fraiche and ice cream. Wished there was more custard in the filo. Overall, our party had a nice dining experience, from food to service. I can see why it's taken its place on Zagat Bauer's list. Now I'm glad that I finally get to check Kokkari off my list and claim it for my 600th.
This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants to go to. We showed up a little early for our reservation, so we went to the bar to get some drinks. The hostess comes over to let us know that our table was ready and she proceeded to carry our drinks to the table for us. She was very friendly, didn't act like she was forced to, but I still insisted that I can carry my own drink. The atmosphere was relaxing. We ordered appetizers, entrees and a dessert along with some Greek coffee that is heated over sand. Just a warning if you are not familiar with this type of coffee, it will taste grainy when you are at the bottom of your coffee due to the sand. Also, this coffee is pretty strong. When they say light, it basically is a watered down version of the strong coffee. I absolutely loved the sundae we ordered. It was chocolate & vanilla ice cream with hot fudge, whipped cream and topped with toasted hazelnuts. This was big enough for two people to eat and it was amazingness in a cup! What was a little strange to me was that the restrooms are located downstairs, but I thought it looked really cool downstairs because that is where all the private dining rooms are located. It feels like you are somewhere else when you are down there. It feels really intimate down there, so it would be perfect for a small private event. Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves trying out something new.
Can't be good enough!!!! It's an extra ordinary experience of excellence when it comes to Greek cuisine! Goat stout and louloumades for dessert! And of course kalamata pitta for starters!!!! Go for it!
Excellent moment, really good food.I also went to their sister restaurant Evvia South Bay, but I was more impressed by Kokkari. The lamb was perfectly cooked, the spreads were great. The atmosphere was also nice, pretty intimate and warm despite the large room and the table closed to each other.
I came back here recently for our anniversary dinner and it was just as delicious a second time. I got the sea bream ($39) and the bf got sea bass ($45). Pricey, but pretty much the most delicious grilled fish you will ever have. We went to Santorini recently, and honestly, this was even better than the grilled fishes we had there. Very flavorful, and the meat was moist and tender. Of the two, the sea bass was better, but I loved the sea bream. Good enough that I can probably eat this every day (if only my wallet allowed that). Even looked up the recipe online to see if I can somehow replicate it... wishful thinking mostly.We also got the zucchini cakes to share and while it was good, I didn't think it was $12 good for 2 small pieces. With just 2 entrees and 1 appetizer, we were stuffed. I suggest making reservations at least 2 weeks prior if you plan to come here as it does get booked up (and for good reason!)
Kokkari is one of my favorite restaurants in the city! The space almost feels like an intimate dining room in a fancy hotel that is classy and romantic, but also cozy and inviting. The restaurant has a rustic chic type of warmth with wooden accents, plush oriental rugs, and a wood-oven fireplace. The beautiful interior is really only the icing on the cake though because the delicious Greek fare is the real treat!I've had the fried zuchinni cakes, which are perfection with the pickled cucumbers and creamy tzaziki dressing (cucumber mint and yogurt). I love the contrasting textures and hot and cold combination. I've also had the persimmon salad and the grilled calamari stuffed with feta, olives, and fennel, which was quite good and definitely packed a punch with the intense flavor from the olives. There were so many appetizers that sounded yummy. I'll be back to try crispy duck ravioli, lamb riblets, and fried smelts! I had the goat stew for my entree, which was amazing! I wasn't sure what to expect with goat meat, but it was so tender and flavorful and the orzo was a nice complement. The portion was also generous and is enough to split between two people. The Kataifi Ekmek is a must-get dessert with a uniquely textured shredded phylloh dough, honey, custard, and whipped cream. It was SO good. We thought the desserts would be tiny, so we ordered rice pudding as a backup, but both portions were huge! I actually had to take some home...and if you know me that never happens! The service here is really quite excellent. The food comes out at a good pace and the servers are knowledgable about the menu and happy to give suggestions. I also rarely find servers that are not only attentive and friendly, but respectful with how they both approach you and clear your dishes. They even offered to keep our dishes warm for us when one of us left the table, which earned them big brownie points!Lately, I've had a string of bad luck with "fine-dining" restaurants disappointing me. When I go to a nice restaurant, I expect excellent service, delicious food and drinks, a killer dessert menu, and a pleasant ambiance. I don't think it's too much to ask for. Kokkari nailed it and I can't wait to come back!
I've been a fan of this place for years and my last visit did not change my mind. The only underwhelming dish was the lamb riblets...seemed a bit overdone. I had the goat/orzo stew which was the special of the evening...I've had it before and it is hands down one of my favorite dishes ever. Love the use of cinnamon in a savory dish. I hate that it did not make it into the restaurant cookbook. The other standout was dessert....we had the pomegranate granita with a Greek yogurt sorbet and mint syrup. This was a fantastic combination! The mint syrup sets off the pomegranate and all sorbets should be made with Greek yogurt in my opinion. The atmosphere of the place is also lovely for a winter dinner....rotisserie fireplace and comfortable seating. LOVE IT!
My pops has been wanting to visit Kokkari for years, and once his birthday rolled around, I knew we had to take him here, so several weeks in advance, I stayed up until midnight to make reservations the minute they were opened on his big day. Fun fact - online reservations don't seem to be available between 6:30 and 8 pm.LOCATION.Parking is hard to find, so you'll probably end up shelling out the $12 (!!!) for valet parking, but it will be a time saver. It's situated on a corner near the Embarcadero, so if you're seated next to a window, you're bound to see someone vastly less fortunate than yourself (I'm assuming if you're eating here you can afford to, and then some) wandering past. Definitely a humbling reminder to be grateful for what you have.SERVICE.The majority of my time at Kokkari was absolutely fantastic. Our waiter was witty, attentive, offered great advise on the menu, actually called dishes by their appropriate Greek names, and was genuinely engaged with us. However, once we received our entrees, it felt like we dropped off the radar of our waiter. It kind of felt like a "welp, you've most likely spent the max amount you will at this point, bye", which is not a great experience. He came by exactly two times after that - once to drop off dessert menus (and disappear for 15 minutes), then to drop off the bill (and then disappear for another 15 minutes).THE FOOD.We ordered the following below, as well as one of their appetizer specials I'm blanking on right now:++ GRILLED OCTOPUS- SAGHANAKI (far too rich & small portion-wise)+ GRILLED LAMB CHOPS+ ROASTED LAMBThe grilled octopus was my favorite part of the meal. I'm not a big meat & potatoes kind of gal (despite my upbringing), so I found the entrees a bit too heavy, although delicious. I foolishly ate half my plate and assumed the waiter would box up the rest when he took my plate, but nope, chucked it in the bin, so that was a bummer.PRO TIP: No complimentary birthday desserts are offered here, so just keep that in mind. I didn't really come in expecting anything, but was surprised when there was nothing. I guess it's become such a common thing at both nicer and more casual restaurants, it was odd to see the opposite.I definitely understand the hype behind Kokkari, and I had a relatively nice experience, but not enough to want to come back (especially with the bill we racked up!).
I am overwhelmed by the quality of restaurants in SF and seriously considering to move to SF and ask for a pay raise . Kokkari restaurant has at waiting list and I was told is booked in advance . I had my colleague who had made his reservation much his advance and his friend could not nake so I slide in the spot . My first thought when I entered was like it is tiny place simply overrated but when I was walking to my seat and latter when I used the restroom which you have to take an elevator downstairs then I resized how big is the place and how full is the place with real Greek/ Mediterranean food lovers . The rotisserie lamb with potato was easily the best lamb I had . I was so full with it that I did not even looked at the mouth watering deserts every body else was having and I am so ashamed of my self because I do not when I will come again to this place and I will never forgive myself . Can you believe it ? Any way if you like lamb cooked the real way you got to be here . The service and knowledge was par excellence and I really enjoyed it .
This restaurant cane highly recommended and really was exceptional, specifically the service. We made a reservation ahead of time since we would be on our honeymoon and good thing we did. The food was great Greek so we came out of our comfort zone over here. Upon knowing it was our honeymoon, our waiter immediately brought us champagne to celebrate which was so nice! We ordered the Saghanaki cheese to start, the lamb chops and sea bass for entrees, and the doughnuts for dessert. Our waiter also paired our meal with excellent wine choices and just again, was exceptional.Everything was good except I wish my fish had come with something other than grilled greens and didn't have some bones (I was nervous eating it). Beware if you don't like seeing the entire fish because it comes head to tail! Also, I liked the doughnuts but they were really nothing special. This was definitely our splurge as the prices are up there for most people, especially an average couple just married.
I have a confession to make---I like it dirty. There's nothing like some stimulating palate foreplay before you conquer an exotic set of moist lamb chops. Mmm. Yeeeep, I thoroughly appreciate the savory flavor of a good dirty martini. Not only did we have a great experience with our drinks, also with the food and service here. Due to impromptu dinner plans, my fianc and I had to resort to bar seating. Though we didn't score a table, we were delighted by our overall dining experience at the bar. Special thank you to barkeepers, Tony and Fatah, for their warm hospitality. Popular restaurants can often succumb to their own success, but according to all the glowing reviews of this superb place, service and food seem to stay consistent. We actually prefer the experience we had here, compared to the one we had at its highly revered sister restaurant, Evvia, in Palo Alto. We ordered: + Octapodaki tou Yiorgou (Grilled octopus): This one excited me, so I would definitely recommend this as an appetizer. Perfectly firm, yet oh so fork-tender, flavorful grilled octopus. The fragrant lemon, oregano, and olive oil coating on each piece of octopus made this app even more scrumptious. + Goat stew (not on menu, need to ask server): I heard about the hype regarding this specialty dry stew, so I wanted to request for it. Some people have reservations about goat, but I did NOT think it was off-putting/gamey at all. Chunks of goat were savory and tender and I really liked the soft cheese in this stew. Hearty, delicious stew, BUT nothing memorable. We agreed we wouldn't order this next time. + Arnisia Paidakia (Lamb chops w/ lemon oregano vinaigrette): Medium-rare cook was perfect and this aromatic dish was beautifully seasoned. Disappointed by the side of 'Kokkari potatoes' it came with. The potatoes were unappetizingly tough. + Galaktoboureko (Semolina custard filo with blood orange spoon sweet and crme fraiche ice cream): This was thee climax, at least for me. Surprisingly delish, simple, egg-roll looking things. Crisp. Warm. Delectable. Even my fianc stole a few bites and he doesn't even appreciate sweets! I wasn't feeling the blood orange zest though, so I shoved this to the side--too intensely tart for my taste. Nevertheless, this is a MUST for dessert.+ 5 stars overall dining experience+ 5 stars for its handsome, sizable venue and cozy, exotic ambiance + 4 stars for food: Hearty meal, nothing complex or monumental + Be sure to call at least 2-3 weeks in advance to secure your table reservationSuperb service was EVERYTHING here. You'll definitely feel taken care of.We will be back when our wallets permit! ;(
We had a late night reservation and took a shot based on the reviews of our Yelp friends. We had an overall good time and would recommend for all (especially greek food lovers).The feta app was great. The soup was good as well. My wife had a plate with fish and it was 10/10. I took a chance on Mousakka and enjoyed it pretty well (never had it before). So for two yelpers from TN on a visit I would say add it into your meal plans if you head to SF.
Love bringing my friends visiting town to this restaurant. Most items on the menu are delicious, in particular, the lamb chops, and the Avgolemeno. The decor is elegant, relatively grand for SF standard, and there are rooms you can book for private events and birthdays.
Being one of the only good authentic Greek restaurants in the city - this place is always booked full. The only other way to dine here without a reservation is to scope out a spot at the bar or get a really late reservation. Is it worth the 1.5 - 2 hour wait for bar seating? Maybe not but if you can get a reservation - it's a great spot to check out for Greek. The decor is beautiful - nicely adorn with wood accents, gorgeous center fireplace (where they roast the meat specials), classy furniture, chairs, table tops, and nice bar setup. The restaurant isn't that big - small to mid-sized - the crowd tends to be older.The bartender was personable and recommended a great sweet reisling. I scoped the place out for a business dinner and the hostess/host were super helpful in doing their best to try and secure me bar seats as I didn't have a reservation.The menu had a good selection of appetizers, main entrees, and a number of specials. We tried the appetizers - skordallia and a cheese dip which were both delicious. The octopus app was ok - a bit too charred/smokey tasting for my liking. The grilled lamb riblets were amazing though - tender/ flavorful , a must try.Main entrees - my boss got the lamb special that they were roasting on the fireplace and I got the grilled fish. Both were delicious - the fish cooked and seasoned perfectly. The lamb special was amazing - super tender. For dessert - we got the greek yogurt drizzled with walnuts and honey - out this world - the yogurt was definitely fresh and made in house - the light sweetness of the dates/walnuts/honey paired super well with it. The Galaktoboureko - custard in filo dough with ice cream - delicious as well. The dessert was the standout in my opinion. Great option for fancy greek but make a reservation. You don't want to be stuck waiting over an hour at the bar.
We had gone to the Kokkari restaurant once before and enjoyed it so much we couldn't wait to get back. Getting in was no easy feat. We had to make reservation weeks in advance to get a 6 o'clock reservation.It is a beautiful restaurant. The rooms have high ceilings and offer a very spacious and grand feel.The menu offers so many intriguing appetizers that that's what we settled on - no entrees.We started off with the Spanakotiropita - traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks and dill. They were absolutely delicious. They were the best Spanakotiropitas I'd ever had.Next we had the Papio Monti, crispy baked duck ravioli with spiced brown butter and yogurt. This was an interesting dish to try. It was very crispy and tasty, and I probably would order it again, but I'm not sure.Next we had the Kalamata Pita which was a flatbread with kalamata olives, chanterelles, caramelized onions and something called myzithra. It was okay, but it was a little bit bland, and I probably would not order it again.And last we had the Garides Skordates, wood oven roasted prawns with tomato and garlic butter. I found this to be overly saturated with saffron, and I would definitely not order it again.I would definitely go back to this restaurant for a light meal. It is a great place just to cozy up to the bar, get a drink and have some appetizers.
My husband (classically trained French Chef) planned a special getaway into SF for the weekend and made reservations at Kokkari. Our experience was memorable! From the appetizers (octopus, duck ravioli, Kokkari salad) to the main entrees (lemon chicken and lamb chops) every bite was perfection. Ambiance was cozy yet sophisticated; we sat next to Mayor Willie Brown's table-everyone was having a good time, over delicious food.Our server, Frank, was definitely a seasoned professional with the timing of food coming out like clockwork and was very attentive and engaging. His recommendations for the dulce de leche ice-cream really capped off a perfect meal. With impeccable cuisine and service like this, no wonder why there wasn't an empty seat in the house.
A killer Mediterranean restaurant with a unique decor and an eclectic menu!I was a little over doing the expensive-italian-cuisine-route for my birthday and was craving some Grecian flavors! #firstworldproblemsI am so happy I did because the food here was extraordinary! First off, you must try the Kolokithokeftethes (crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing). These bad boys taste similar to a vegetarian version of a crab cake. They are cooked to perfection and the mint-yogurt is the perfect tangy offset.Next up were the entrees- I got the Psari Psito - traditional grilled Sea Bass with horta & lemon or. It's really nice that they take the bones out for you so you are not awkwardly plucking them out of your mouth, though I did find one or two little guys! Anyways, the fish was cooked to perfection and I loved the crispy skin. It also felt nice to go out and eat something fairly healthy.Last but not least we got the baklava and ice cream. To me, it is necessary to eat baklava at a Mediterranean restaurant. The baklava ROCKED (flaky, flavorful, perfect portion size) and I love the ice cream addition.Next time I will also be taking home a bottle of their olive oil! It was amazing.
Holy smokes. The goat stew (which is not on the menu) is fantastic. Everyone needs to try it at some point.
Cozy, rustic, wooden interior; greek food, wood oven, lamb chops; superb service, suit & ties, extensive wine selection. You mix all of these together and what do you get? Kokkari. Came here on Easter Sunday night to celebrate my Dad's birthday and we all had an amazing time. I reserved our table one month in advance and we arrived 20 mins early to our reservation, they were able to accommodate us and sat us down right when we walked in! The atmosphere is classy and elegant. Our server was very well-mannered and explained to us the popular items on the menu, the specials of the day, and gave us the time to decide on what we would want to order. For appetizer, we got the recommended grill octopus, fried zucchini cakes, and the fried smelts. The fried zucchini cakes were soo delicious! It was rich and creamy, a hint of cheese, and the side of cool tzatziki sauce was the perfect sauce to balance out the heavy flavors. The fried smelts were good but I would skip this next time. The side lemon garlic hummus was great though. Last but not least, the grill octopus!! Sooo good. Big meaty chunks of octopus grilled to perfection, a little lemon juice on top, it was perfect. We all enjoyed this dish a lot. For entrees, we got their lamb chops at medium rare, rotisserie special of the day - roasted goat from napa, and the braised lamb shank. The lamb chops, wow, seriously super delicious. They were so soft, so succulent, so juice, so perfectly seasoned and the side of lemon was excellent to balance out the fattiness and also bring out the flavor. After I sliced the meat out from the bones, I went for it with my hands and ate every little edible piece off the bones. My sis's roasted napa goat was phenomenal as well! The goat had a bolder taste than our lamb chops and the seasoning was also more dense in flavor. My sister enjoyed it a lot. My dad's lamb shank was very tender and the meat was pretty much falling off the bones. Very good. We also thought the yukon potatoes were also very sweet and tender, delicious. When our waiter came around to check in on us, I told him that it was my Dad's birthday. He knew exactly what to do and asked for my dad's name and what I want to order as the dessert. He proceeded to come back with ice cream on a bed of dulce de leche with a lighted candle and happy birthday words. The presentation of the dish was beautiful! I think my Dad was smiling all the way to his ears. We all sang our birthdays softly and dug right in. The ice cream was very creamy, smooth, and the dulce de leche was sweet. Maybe a tad bit too sweet for me but I was never really a sweet tooth person. After a month of preparation (of my wallet), finally I find myself to the big bill that came at the end of our meal ($270 w/ tips). I think for everything Kokkari has to offer, the price is right and well worth it. It was a wonderful dining experience. My family was still talking about it the week after our Kokkari meal.
Worth the 60-day wait after making reservations! :) Sis was up at midnight to get our reservations and was only able to get the 5PM (or 9PM) reservations--you may need a dedicated T1 line, a top of the line gaming computer, and lightning fast clicking action to get the coveted 7PM reservation :PThe 5PM actually worked out well. Because we were early, the appetizers came lightning fast. Our main course took a while as the restaurant started getting filled up. So the timing of each course worked out well.Bathrooms access via elevator in the back dining area, back wall.What our party ordered:Apps-Saghanaki - essentially melted cheese in a hot skillet. Best eaten ASAP with bread...yum, melty cheese and bread.Arnisia Plevrakia - lamb riblets. Tasty, but skip if ordering lamb chops for main course. The lamb chops were much better.Kolokithokeftethes - zucchini cakes. Yum, good veg break from all the heavy items. Always been a fan of yogurt sauce. Also comes with pickled cucumber slices.Kalamari - feta stuffed calamari. Sis named this as her "top" app, but it was just OK for me. Unique taste combo though.Main Course-Moussaka - lamb casserole. Its ground lamb, so it was on the dry side. Mild, neutral taste, which may be why its so popular in the reviews. Least liked dish of the night, sorry.Grilled fish - choose to have it deboned. Very good, cooked perfect.Arnisia Paidakia - lamb chops. Yum, just yum. Only one way to order it=medium rare. Even if you normally order steaks medium, go medium rare! To reduce the heaviness of the dish I ordered it with braised greens instead of the potatoes. Turned out to be a very good choice, as you already have bread to mop up the lamb drippings :)Dessert-Rizogalo - rice puddingThe special, forgot name - shredded filo with custard, then crme, then pistachio crumblesBoth desserts were very good. Haven't eaten many Greek desserts so it was a treat.Greek coffee - essentially unfiltered espresso. The fine coffee grinds sink to the bottom of the cup. When you get to this sludge layer, you are done. I actually prefer regular espresso because ending the last sip with a grainy texture sucks--your already disappointed it gone, but now you have "sand" in your mouth. Toss up here, dessert really needed the coffee (I ordered it with "little sugar") to cut the sweet, but did not like the preparation.TIP ALERT: Order everything, including main course, family style!!! They will give each person dinner plates and put all the dishes in the middle. Unless you are on a business dinner, this is the only way to do it. You get to try so many more items...and sharing is always a good thing :)
always amazing, food, prices, service are fantastic
This was a random find, curtesy of Yelp, one night when we were out cocktailing in the city. It was very good, a little pricey. The presentation was very good, as well as, the atmosphere and ambience. The staff was delightful. I'm giving it 4 stars because the food was not outstanding to me.
3.5It was the restaurant I could not wait to get to. Reservation a month in advance. Studying the menu, looking for grilled octopus and delicious Greek.Yefsi in NYC still wins.The atmosphere is nice. Open kitchen, I like. Hosts were pleasant. Service- very annoying, Poor. Bordered on rude. He (M) rushed us and kept trying to up sell EVERYTHING. We didn't want a bunch of apps then dinner and he would not stop. He also stuck his hand in my bread when pointing at the menu and did not excuse himself of acknowledge it. Came and checked on the check 3 times. He knew we didn't put a card in there. And we didn't linger. We are not lingering people but this was too much.Food was great. But not amazing. The next 2 nights in SF were much better service and food.Bathrooms- you have to take a creepy elevator down to them. I asked if there were stairs- no. YuckSo, it wasn't a bad time but I don't plan to come back. The food didn't wow us and nobody cleaned their plate or even wanted to try dessert. No mas, not when there is better and easier!My rec is to skip it.
3.5 stars.I've had Kokkari bookmarked forever, and finally celebrate my most recent birthday here with a friend. We ordered the zucchini cakes, grilled octopus, and I had the lamb chops for my entree.The zucchini cake were crispy but small. The yogurt sauce paired perfectly. The grilled octopus was delicious and the portion was decent. The lamb chops were tender and the potatoes were crispy.Overall, the food was good but not mindblowing, and the prices are on the high side for the portions. However, I'm glad to have tried Kokkari so I can check it off my list.
It amazes myself how many birthday-specific restaurants we dined at recently! This, however, was an occasion in which two people were sharing a birthday dinner, and "co-selected" this Greek restaurant as the spot for the four of us.The following dishes and beverages were divided among the four of us:-Bottle of Orion-Saghanaki (Pan fried Kefalotiri cheese with lemon & oregano)-Arnisia Plevrakia (Grilled lamb riblets)-Octopodaki tou Yiorgou (Grilled octopus)-Kolokithokeftethes (Crispy zucchini cakes)-Lamb Souvlaki -Goat Stew-Lavraki -Solomos (Pacific salmon pan-roasted with black lentils & Kalamata olive, artichoke tapenade)-Galaktoboureko (Semolina custard in filo with Meyer lemon spoon sweet & creme fraiche ice cream)-Baklava -Spearmint Tea-Moscato d'Asti-Plomari Ouzo I must emphasize that was the group's dinner bill, but I did not try *EVERYTHING* personally. As such, I enjoyed my Lamb Souvlaki to an extent, but I sure wish I had chosen the Goat Stew (another person's selection), which tasted far more exquisite. Also did like the Octopus, and for dessert, Baklava. I "safely" selected Baklava, but if I had read up more about Galaktoboureko containing Meyer lemon, might've had that instead/additionally. So many options here!Also would really like to have tried their Spanakotiropita, but it ultimately wasn't my night to pick our items...Friendly service from multiple people. Gotta find the downstairs elevator in back to reach restrooms, but they are quite nice.Hope to return just because!Final Rating: 3.5 stars, rounded up
This is a place that has a lot more hype than substance. In the end, the food is good but not justified at the offered price points with service leaving more to be desired. We came for lunch for two and spent almost $200 including tip. . .without alcohol. We tried the infamous zucchini cakes, the traditional spanakopita, fried smelts, and a bowl of lentil soup. Zucchini cakes - not as cheesy as the pictures. Crispy and decently seasoned. For $12, it was an expensive underwhelming appetizer.Spanakopita - crispy phyllo layers, salty feta that wasn't acidic, and creamy spinach. Straightforward but straight up wallet busting for two pieces for almost $11.Fried smelt - well battered, crispy, and lightly seasoned. It came with a mashed potato aioli that was terribly garlicky. This was the only appetizer that I didn't mind paying $12, since not all places have smelt or done well like this. Lentil soup - more like a clear broth minestrone with the pasta replaced with lentils. This was something I could have made at home for way less than $10 and be able to pass off appropriately as rustic. . . But this place doesn't seem right to have rustic dishes. For our mains, we had the branzino and the lamb chops. I always hesitate ordering fish since it is always so overpriced. I felt this way in this case, since it was $44 and although cooked appropriately, it was covered with a garlicky sauce that ruined it for me. The lamb chops were undercooked even though we asked for medium. Only one chop was cooked to medium rare and the other one was almost rare. For a place that does this type of meat, they really should know how to properly cook meat. The potatoes were crispy and lemony. The Greek coffee did not have any deep or dark notes. I've had Armenian and Turkish coffees, and this paled in comparison. And it was almost as short as the shortest Italian espresso you can order. . .so it was like $2.50 for each of the two sips I had. The semolina custard rolls were tasty but not necessarily ' blow your mind' kind of dessert. The quince was cooked in honey so the fruit taste was masked by the floral honey. And the pistachio ice cream, clearly natural, had a taste that is hard to describe but it was not reminiscent of a pistachio nut. Lastly, the ouzo sorbet. Unique with the refreshing twist of citrus. But the taste became monotone with the anise background and the sorbet really needed biscuits to help break up the monotony. The service really lacked finesse and warmth. My water glass was empty at least twice during our almost 2 hour long lunch. The waiter didn't openly provide recommendations. The waitstaff dropped off dishes without much acknowledgement or ability to navigate fitting new dishes amongst the dinnerware on the small table. They also took our dishes without asking if we wanted the leftovers boxed. Given the price point, Kokkari left me wanting and expecting more on the food front and left me disappointed on the service front. I'm glad we didn't come for dinner service because we'd have just paid more for the same mediocre experience.
I've always wanted to try this place because I love Greek food! My fianc at the time, which happens to be my husband now surprised me with a text telling me he made reservations to Kokkari! I asked what the occasion was and he said it's because I always wanted to try it and it was our wedding week! I was so excited!! When we sat down, we were greeted by our wonderful waitress who gave us a few suggestions on what to order.. She was so patient with us. For a party of two, we ordered a ton of food! We are big eaters!!As for appetizers, we tried a few things.. Grilled Calamari- it was new to us because we're used to eating fried calamari. This was actually more delicious than any friend ones I've tried. I felt this was more healthier and I had no problem eating it all! It was nice and tender and I love the taste of grilled foods!Spanakotiropita-Who could hate spinach and cheese in a nice flaky filo crust!! Yum! Baked Cheese! OMG!!! I love this stuff!! They give you free bread! Get the cheese and eat it with the bread! So good!! I love the ooey gooeyness! Heaven in my mouth!! Taramasalata- It's basically a fish roe cod dip which they serve with pita bread! SO good!!As for our meals...Lemon and oregano roasted chicken served with roasted potatoes. The chicken was not dry, it was actually very moist! I love the taste of fresh herbs!!Lemon and oregano lamb chops served with potatoes. My husband actually ordered this dish and I ended up eating it all! So good!! Dessert- My husband wanted to try this ice cream, which the waitress recommended. This one I was not able to try because it had some type of nut and I am allergic. When the waitress saw I want having any, I told her I was allergic so she brought me a chocolate ice cream!!Love the service! Love the food! Love coming here!!
Best food in the city. So much fun. Incredible vibrant atmosphere. Ambiance spectacular. Every single item on the menu was great. We had a work dinner there and not one person was unhappy with their entre. Unfortunately our waiter wasn't so great. He was nice. But he faked wine knowledge. We asked for a sommelier but he said they don't have them and that he would suffice. So we trusted him. Problem was that we ordered wines he recommended, he brought wine totally different than what we ordered, he faked a whole discussion about the wines that were on our table (we googled them) and wines not on our table. He brought us the wrong dishes and didn't bring us what we ordered. He was a jerk to us and then weird. The food and fun and ambience perfect. I think that we just had a weird fluke waiter on the fluke night.
A yelp buddy recommended Kokkari, citing it as a hot restaurant in SF.Hard to find a flaw with Kokkari!Off the bat, you notice the customer service from the staff. Lydia was stellar! Always approaching with a smile...!We started off with a couple of apps: grilled stuffed calamari & prawns. Thank you, Lydia for the recommendation on the calamari! We loved both apps! The calamari was fresh & tender--not tough/chewy. Good grilled flavor adds a nice touch. Cap it off by stuffing with cheese! Yummers!The prawns were basking in garlicky butter. Garlic & butter--one of my favorite & popular combinations! Deshell the prawn and swish it around the garlic butter for extra sauciness before engulfing in your mouth! Good eats!I had a tough time choosing the entree--everything in the Yelp pics looked soo good! In the mood for lamb, I chose their Moussaka. Great decision! This dish delivered rich flavor yet wasn't gamey tasting from the lamb. I could definitely order this again!Not a must-try for tourists simply because SF is not identified with mediterranean cuisine, but Kokkari won't disappoint you!
Fantastic service all night. I was blown away by the professionalism of every person who helped us in any way. Great food recommendations, fantastic atmosphere and such an outstanding dining experience. Loved it!
Absolutely recommended: scallop, steakCame here for birthday.Surroundings: beautiful and quietServers: I like how they describe their favorite dishesFood: either so-so or outstanding
We love Kokkari and could eat there every night. We like taking our chances to sit at the bar for dinner. I wish they had a better system like first come first served for the bar dinner dining because it is hard on the guests waiting to get a lucky seat. The food is always fantastic. The crowd is very friendly and it is always a great time.
Great food, but they forgot our birthday request for our mom's 80th birthday. So no celebratory dessert. We also had a mediocre table. Kind of a disappointment for 80.
Great foodGreat serviceExcellent menuGreat selectionGreat atmosphere Nothing bad to say except the duck ravioli wasn't that great
This place is amazing! I wish I hadn't kept moving this down on my list of restaurants to try. I kept putting it higher for the typical names people toss out as top SF restaurants. We walked into the place in a bit of a bad mood and when the food started coming, it was beyond good. All the stress of the day melted away, we got lost in the cuisine and enjoyed the best meal I've had in San Francisco... PERIOD!.Watermelon Salad - watermelon blocked, topped with baby basil, pine nuts, fantastic feta, and then drizzled with olive oil. Simply amazing combination of favors yet very light and natural. Sweet Corn - Spiced butter, roasted corn (take on off the cob) and little crumbs of feta. This one vegetable is so good you could just keep eating it as your main. Lamb Meatballs - Lot's of places talk about how they have wonderful meatballs. These are made to perfection and 100% lamb vs a mixture, which while perhaps improving the lightness of the meatball, draws away from the flavor.Ravioli - Phenomenal summer squash, tomatoes, and in a pesto like sauce.Moussaka - Best I've had. Perfectly made in your own casserole dish vs being served on a plate from a larger dish.
I don't know where to start... My girlfriend and I came here on Saturday to celebrate our anniversary and this place turned out to be the perfect spot! Immediately upon entering, we were greeted by the friendly staff and seated at our table which was right next to the giant bread table/roasting fire (it was a little hot at first, but then it cooled down).Appetizers:Spanakotiropita - delicious pies that were warm and well balanced with feta and spinach. Best I have had.Zucchini Cakes - pretty good with the yogurt!Entrees:Pork Shoulder Special - roasted for 48 hours. So tender and moist... amazing! The olive oil/salt dressing on the side was excellent. I really liked how they served a lot of meat and topped it with a few pieces of chicharrn which was delicious too!Sea Bream Special - very good! This was roasted as well. It was a little on the firmer side and not as flaky compared to sea bass and halibut, but it was still very soft. It did have more of a ocean/fish flavor, but that just added to the fresh taste. The fish was huge!Dessert:Bird's nest (made from wheat shavings) topped with homemade dulce de leche ice cream and caramel. It wasn't too sweet and the crunchiness from the nest made it a nice end to our meal. Coffee was good too!The ambiance is very warm and personal with floor lamps and large cushioned chairs adding an elegant feel. The service was great and our waiter really took the time to explain everything and answer our questions. At first we thought the place was small, but after walking back to the restrooms (which are in the basement) we saw how big it really was. The front part of the restaurant seemed more formal than the back. If you come on the earlier side you may get lucky and find street parking (it's worth looking) if not they have valet. Definitely make reservations.
Excellent service and wonderful food. We ordered the fried zucchini and the chicken- both were very yummy!!!If you are in San Francisco, give this place a try. Make sure you have a reservation, it's super busy.
Incredible food! We have been coming to kokkari for years now and love the food and service always! Our favorite meals are the lamb skewer which comes with a side Persian cucumber and mint salad, Greek yogurt dip( with grated cucumber) and lemon zested potatoes. As for the appetizers, we love the octopus. Always very fresh with a mild dressing of olive oil and lemon. Grilled cheese appetizer is also very tasty as well as their meat balls. For desert, we ordered the Sunday which is gluten free and incredibly tasty.
One of the most flawless dining experiences I've ever had, hands down.I took my Dad here for his 60th birthday on a Sunday at 5:15. Yes, it's true, make reservations as far in advanced as you can. I did mine about 3 weeks out & didn't get my first choice, but was lucky to get in still. We were seated in the restaurant as soon as we arrived. The first thing I couldn't get over was how BIG the restaurant was! It was truly impressive. Once seated, we were immediately greeted by our server, Jillian. She was extremely friendly, knowledgable & had a whole list of specials off menu to list for us! My Dad & I went for the lamb meatballs & baked feta as appetizers with white wine pairings suggested by our waitress. Both were delicious, but I have to say I preferred the baked feta a bit more. It was so salty and creamy at the same time, especially paired with the delicious local sourdough bread basket that was served.For dinner, I went for the moussaka, & my dad went for one of the specials, Roasted Spring Lamb on the spit, freshly carved, with a Greek red wine pairing by our waitress again. Both entrees were perfect. My moussaka was creamy, meaty, spicy & hearty - exactly what you look for in a moussaka. My dad's fresh carved lamb was mouth-watering. So tender, so juicy, so delicious. We both gobbled down our meals & wine, agreeing that this was one of the best meals we have ever experienced.Dessert was just as good - seasonal berry bread pudding with fresh creme. So tart, so fresh & a great way to end what was a pretty heavy dinner. By the time the bill came, our Dad & I were also impressed at how GREAT the meal was for the price we got. Only about $160 by the end of it. All & all - an AMAZING experience. Thank you, Kokkari for such a memorable birthday dinner for my Dad. It's a great experience of dining together that we will not forget! We cannot wait to come back & celebrate again.
Ambiance, Service and Food are the three main criterion for any eatery. I have been to Kokkari on perhaps 10+ occasions - they have never disappointed on any of those three levels. Obviously order lamb chops at this greek establishment. If one is to zero in on any negative aspect, it is that the restaurant is too darn good - reservations are always difficult to come by. Plan ahead.
This place is on point. Vancouver has a dearth of good Greek food so it was extra appreciated. The food is consistently solid. The service was the best we had during our visit. I wish i could recall the gentleman's name but he was a genuine, engaging and thoughtful individual. It is the type of good, feel-good service that makes you remember a restaurant. So for this it gets 5 stars.This place is busy. And after a decent bottle of wine and the Canadian exchange rate, dinner for 2 ran to about $400pp. So for that reason I'm not sure if i would tell me friends they have to go if they're in SF. in that i mean, it's definitely not a romantic place. it is loud, crowded and incredibly busy. But at the same time $400 is not something you would just drop for no reason. Perhaps if you're going for a more casual meal and not getting the razor clams twice over just for yourself nor a bottle of wine. It would be a consistent repeat.
Went there for the first time last night and LOVED it!The food was great, but the staff was even better.We were joking with our friends that it was about time to get engaged. Our waiter chimed in and we had a good laugh.When the desserts came out, he had the pastry chef write 'Congratulations' on one of the plates!We couldn't stop laughing and to top it off, we had several other waiters stop by to congratulate our friends. We'll see, it might have helped.........That's costumer service at it's best.
I have been here so many times I can't even remember. It is the most amazing restaurant in Northern California! I know that is a bold statement but it is my all time favorite restaurant hands down. Every time I come home I make my mom schedule a reservation here so that we can go. The service here is always amazing. The food even more astounding! Seriously, I could list all the outstanding dishes to order here but I promise you anything you order will be nothing short of mouthwatering. I will say that one of my favorites/go to dishes is the lamb chops, a greek staple that Kokkari nails! I suggest going to Kokkari with a large group of people. Even though it may be expensive, it is fun to be with a lot of people because you can order many mezethes and dishes and everyone can taste a little bit of everything on the menu! Kokkari also makes amazing Moscow Mules that I could drink 6 of in one dinner if getting a little tipsy wasn't an issue if you know what I mean!All in all, Kokkari is a well known restaurant that has a appreciable reputation and amazing reviews on Yelp to show for it. Like I said go with a group or make it a date night with your significant other Kokkari will not disappoint!
We have been wanting to try this place FOREVER! Kokkari far exceeded our expectations in many ways. The hostess had a little bit of attitude (didn't appreciate that but maybe she was stressed out). From the moment we were seated, the service was IMPECCABLE! The food ranked up there with some of the best cuisine that we have ever experienced. As a Greek-American, many Greek owned and operated restaurants are not of this caliper due to their fast food style. The food was flavorful, arrived hot, and the portion sizes we just right right. I would HIGHLY recommend Kokkari if you are looking for fantastic ambience, SUPERIOR service, and fantastic food, all at a reasonable price. We are already planning our next dinner their. Thank you to the staff at Kokkari for making this such an amazing experience.
Chances are, you're reading through reviews to determine if it's worth jumping through hoops and donating a kidney to make a dinner reservation at Kokkari, right? Let's get to it then!Overall, the food was very good and we really enjoyed our seafood dishes - the grilled octopus appetizer (lightly charred on the outside for texture yet still tender inside) and grilled whole fish entrees (branzini that night). Outside of the seafood, we ranked the juicy lamb chops (Arnisia Paidakia) as our next favorite item, and thought the rest of the food (including the goat stew) was tasty but not memorable.Kudos to the reservation desk (including the manager) - I had to make some last-minute changes to our reservation and they graciously accommodated our extra guests despite the restaurant being fully booked!It's not necessarily our server's fault, but there was a painfully long wait (~45 minutes??) between our appetizers and entrees which put a huge damper on our dining experience. Our server was friendly but we found it odd that he would constantly pour more wine into some of our guests' glasses - despite the glasses being full and the guests mentioning that they didn't want any more wine. I know it sounds snobby and nitpicky, but you kinda expect a certain level of service at a place like this, right? :)So is dining here worth it? For our taste and dollar (~$85pp) preferences, probably not... but if you're looking for excellent, upscale Greek food in a lovely restaurant in SF, there's nothing wrong with Kokkari!
Sophisticated, sexy, and modern decor. Perfect for date night or a special occasion. Didn't make reservations, but was able to snag two seats by the bar with a girlfriend. I didn't realize how large (or packed!) the restaurant was until I had to use the restroom (which you have to take an elevator down to). The front dining/bar area leads into a larger dining room, and then there are private dining rooms off to the side.Service wasn't altogether that friendly, but the food (their hummus and chicken dish!) and ambiance were gratifying enough that I'd return. And though the restaurant was quite large and brimming with lots of clientele, the restaurant still felt cozy and intimate.
Have you heard of Kokkari? She's a real beauty, w a chic, sophisticated interior. She reminds me of Napa.A gorgeous fireplace anchors the main dining room.The table in front of the fireplace? That's the best table, in my not-so-humble opinion.The vitals...The "fries with eyes..."That's what they call the fried smelt. Sounds exotic & maybe on the adventurous side. But dive right in. I can be a bit squirmy, but these are totally ok; no need to be weirded out. They're delicious & addictive.The baked feta is major delicious.The baked beans? Divine.If you love lamb, you'll love it here. There's the lamb meatballs, lamb riblets, the moussaka, lamb shank, lamb skewers, & lamb chops. The lamb chops are fantastic. Don't leave without trying her baklava. This is dynamite here.And going to the ladies room here is like going to the spa. You have to take the elevator. I love this for some reason. You walk all the way through the restaurant, past the adjacent dining room, to the elevator. And you step off of the elevator into a soothing oasis. It's just elegant. Classy & classic. A star in SF's constellation of restaurants.5 stars.
I have to say I was a little nervous that Kokkari wouldn't live up to the hype. I really didn't want to be disappointed and am so glad I wasn't. I made my reservation about 1 month in advance and was lucky to get a good seating on a Saturday evening. My boyfriend and I arrived a few minutes before our reservation and were immediately greeted and checked in. We were led through a dining room with a open fire pit and rotisserie meats cooking. The smell was mouthwatering. Our table was nice and cozy in the larger back dining room with a view into the kitchen. Our Server came to greet us and let us settle in with wine and dinner menus. We decided on a nice bottle of viognier suggested by our server which really paired well with the zucchini cake and grilled octopus appetizers and drank well through out the meal.Starters: - Zucchini cakes w pickled cucumbers and spoonful of tazeki. The dill and cucumber flavors were so wonderful and the cakes were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. Very good, but maybe not a knock your socks off dish. Very straight forward and delivers- Grilled Octopus- Now this was definitely a highlight. Tender and well marinaded full of lemon, olive oil and butter flavor without being heavy. The slight crunch from the grill and softness of the octopus was a great texture combination. I think this was some of the best I've had. There was no sign of chewiness or toughness!Mains:- Sea Bass: a whole fish oven roasted with gold potatoes and red onions served with a beautiful lemon butter sauce. The fish comes deboned and filleted. Our server suggested we have this first and served us as if we were having a courses meal. I really appreciated this as up next....- Goat Stew: a dish I would have never thought to order but the BF was keen as soon as he heard this off menu option was a young goat, not gamey or like mutton so I went along for the adventure. I'm so glad I did. A hot cast iron dish set before us and I could smell the spices immediately. A mixture of cinnamon, feta and cardamom invade your senses in the most pleasant, mouth watering way. Little snow caps of feta sprinkled atop big chunks of goat, on a bed of orzo just calling your name. I served up portions onto our plates so we could get a little bit of everything for the perfect bite. This is DEFINITELY a dish I would order again. I rarely red meat but this was so tender and didn't upset my stomach... I'm writing this review 2 days later so it's quite safe to say.Dessert: I suggested sharing 1 but was quickly shot down so we ordered 2 Greek Coffees and 2 dessertsCoffee: something to note here- DO NOT stir your Greek coffee, you will be sorely disappointed by this rookie mistake. The grounds are so fine and sit at the bottom of your espresso sizes coffee cup. Your server will ask you how sweet you would like your coffee. BC it's such a small portion I suggest only a Demi Tass or none at all. I am also a dunker and am in full support of doing this the the small biscotti that is served with the coffee.Rice Pudding: while I love baklava, I feel like it's a pretty standard Greek dessert so was out to try something different. I'm so glad we did. My BF's choice, this perfect rice pudding dish is served with a honey glazed grilled peach. I saw glimpses of my BF in his happy place. Semolina Custard- inside filo dough pastry served with frozen creme fraiche that tastes more like a tart Greek yoghurt. I loved this, while sweet, it was not too sweet like many American desserts. I really enjoyed these both especially since I don't get semolina too often and it's not something I would make but the rice pudding was definitely a star.Service was excellent, our appetizers came out a bit quickly but overall Kokkari has lived up to all the great reviews and I would definitely come back.- 2 appetizers- 2 mains- 2 desserts- Greek coffees - 1 bottle of wineAbout $260 w tax and tip
Only got to have some appetizers, so just giving it 3 stars (which, I don't think is bad)Everything I had was very good. I plan to come back and have a more extensive meal.Was lucky enough to grab a seat at the bar, had excellent service, love the ambiance.The zucchini cakes(kolokithokeftethes) were awesome. The spinach filo(spanakotiropita) was also great. The grilled octopus(Octapodaki tou Yiorgou) was my least favorite. The dining room had a rotisserie spit, which was service pork the night I was there (Monday), the bartender said duck is on the spit on Friday nights and the other nights usually always have lamb. Next visit, I will be having whatever is on the spit. Looking forward to it.
Best Greek restaurant I've been to bar none. Atmosphere and service are also top notch. Their appetizers are where they truly shine. The key is the creativity. It's definitely not the run of the mill fare you would find at other Greek restaurants. For mains we each had lamb in a different form and both were also amazingly good. Be sure to make reservations well in advance. It's a tough ticket, although strangely enough when we went there were many empty tables.
sigh! This place has always held a special place in my heart - it was one of the first restaurants my parents and I visited when I first moved to sf 4.5 years ago. It was a great experience then, so it seemed appropriate that when it was my last day at my first job out of college, I had my goodbye lunch here... We showed up right on time for our noon reservation, and it was PACKED! We were squished at the front with everyone else who were here for their rezzie. Poor supply chain management.. But we were promptly showed to our table for 2 and brought waters and menus and yummy acme bread. The restaurant is quite large, and the decor is nice. You can also see the whole animals roasting out on the fire pit. Pretty cool. We ordered - spanakopita, lamb riblets, flaming cheese, and lamb chops. All were good. But not amazing! It was sad.. :( Chops were definitely the best item we ordered - tender and juicy and flavorful. The cheese was not a hit with my friend - too salty, but I enjoyed it with the bread. I also need to find out what olive oil they use - it's soooo good.They have a great wine list - by the glass and bottle and magnums. Nommmmm. And the service is quite good - they noticed my friend was chewing gum and offered a paper napkin without asking!! So observant.
The restaurant itself was really fancy. It had high ceilings, classy interior design, white table cloths, etc. I think I was expecting a more greek like place. Service was good they seated us right when we got there considering we did have a reservation. Definitely one of the more fancier looking places I have been to. I felt a tad bit underdressed. As for the food we ordered the lamp chops, roasted duck (one of the specials), and the octopus for appetizers. The lamp chops and octopus were superb. Both were moist that you didn't have to chew to eat it haha. It's really hard to get that perfect texture on a grilled octopus but they were able to do it! The duck was sadly a disappointment. I should have known better not to order duck at a greek place. But, duck is one of my favs to order and I couldn't resist. The flavor was ok and it was a tad bit chewy as well.
Awesome!! Very big restaurant so great for large parties. Can't go wrong with ordering any appetizers as they were all great! Loved the bread and hummus plate (caviar spread is my favorite). Octopus was awesome and so were a few other dishes. As for the entre I had the grilled market sea bass and that was very fresh and grilled to perfection. You will get some bones while eating it.... definitely get the lamb because that was delicious. As for dessert.. rice pudding was great! You'll leave feeling completely satisfied and with a full belly.
oh wow. everything. literally. drinks. appetizers. mains. desserts. ambiance. sex appeal. love
I have been coming to this restaurant for as long I can remember. I had birthdays holidays special company events it is has never been disappointed me. The staff is very fast and sufficient the food comes out hot and perfect every time. The lamb Riblets appetizer is a most not gamey lots of flavor and the meat comes of the bone like s hot knife to a butter cooked to perfection every time. The rest of the menu is also excellent specially the whole baked fish and not confusing like most other high-end restaurants. It's a long Waite to get a reservation but definitely worth the Waite. The bar is full of high-end libations of your choice go and give this place a try you won't be disappointed. Keep on going guys and don't change anything. Cheers
I am loving this Yelp app! I went to Kokkari a while back and the food was amazing! We started with the duck confit dolmas and then had the lamb. The only drawback was how loud it was in the dining room. It was really hard to have a conversation. We will definitely go back though. Great job!
Sam was our server, and a very entertaining one he was!We enjoyed the food very much, especially the lamb chops and the goat stew!
Absolutely love this place. The food. Service. Drinks. Ambiance. Big group or just two - it doesn't matter. Daria is wonderful. She is friendly. Provides excellent recommendations. Very patient. In terms of the food. Where do I start. You just can't go wrong. Lots to love and truly enjoy. For the meat eaters - the rib eye is to die for. It's charcoal grilled. Just yummy. There are great options for the vegetarians in the group as well. Desserts - try it all! If you can! I cannot wait to return and bring other friends and family to enjoy all things Kokari!!
It's the best restaurant in the Bay Area. Maybe even California. The lamb is perfect, the octopus is perfect - everything is just done right. I wish I lived here.
Most important thing to know about eating at Kokkari: make a reservation. Having taken the aforementioned precaution, I was quite blown away by the size and classy interior of the restaurant. Granted, I was already excited about getting lunch with three very good friends, but Kokkari definitely heightened the experience. Thanks to a bit of Yelp research beforehand, between the four of us girls we got the zucchini cakes, grilled lamb meatballs, and wood fired prawns for starters as well as the Tuesday special and lamb souvlaki. Our waiter was very helpful in making suggestions as well. Among the appetizers, I preferred the zucchini cakes: rich and almost cheesy. The cake was offset by the freshness of the yogurt and cucumber that accompanied it. The meatballs with sour cream in the sauce and the prawns were tasty as well. Wasn't as much of a fan of the bread; bit too cold and tough for my taste.As for the entrees, the souvlaki hirino was huge, a sort of greek wrap that did not lend itself to dignified eating. Inside were pieces of pork, a portion of veggies, and a white mayonnaise like sauce. Very filling. The lamb was a bit tough, but the side dishes that accompanied helped with the chewiness of the meat. Altogether we each paid $24, so about $96 in total. I hesitate to give the restaurant 5 stars because while the food was delicious, it was not truly mind-blowing for me. The initial bites of every dish were amazing, but slightly greasy tastes started creeping in towards the end. In any case, the service was fantastic, the interior design of the restaurant (complete with roasting spit on the fireplace) was a pleasure to behold, and ultimately we were all very satisfied with our dining experience. Thanks Kokkari!
Place is ok. I have been twice as not many Greek restaurants in SF. It is expensive and not worth the money in my opinion. Service is top notch so that's nice and mostly what you are paying for. The food is good but not the best I have ever had.
Always enjoy food and service @ the restaurant. Unfortunately very unsatisfied with the level of service @ the bar, bartender was cranky and rude.
Having read a lot of good reviews we decided to try this Greek restaurant on a recent visit to San Francisco. It's located in the Financial District of the city and within walking distance of the Embarcadero Bart station. The interior of this restaurant is very open, rustic, and consists of a couple of large rooms.  We were seated in the back room near the food preparation area and the grills. The server was very helpful and suggested various dishes which included the fish selections of the day. He was very knowledgeable about the preparations of all the offerings.My husband chose Souvlaki---large chunks of lamb alternating with roasted tomatoes. The lamb was cooked medium rare, very tender, and had a hint of cumin along with garlic. I chose sea bream, which was grilled whole with garlic, lemon, oregano, and had a side of braised greens on the side. The fish was very flavorful and mild with a medium texture.For dessert, I chose an Arborio rice pudding with a poached, caramelized pear on top. Very light, creamy, and delicious. My husband had a custard with shredded filo---a slightly gelatinous texture with hints of yogurt also nice finish to the meal. The final touch was Greek coffee, which was very similar to Turkish coffee.I have to say that this is probably the best Greek food I've ever tasted. We would definitely come back here and try some other dishes.   This restaurant is a real gem in the Financial District!
We made an advanced reservation thru Open Table & were treated to a Sublime experience , warm professional greeting, fabulous waiter service , comfortable ambience & the food wow!!!We mixed various starters like grilled Octopus, grilled Calamari , meatballs, Artichoke Souvlaki & Greek salad , all together with a great Russian river Chardonnay & the final act a wonderful Greek yoghurt with walnuts Dates & drizzled with Honey Truly a wow restaurant that will very much be a go to return dining hot spot!!
I love Kokkari. I hate Kokkari. Love the food. Hate the popularity. But it has been popular for 15 some years (no mean feat in San Francisco) so they're doing something right. I managed to have dinner here for the first time in probably 5 years by eating at the bar with a friend.Somehow I managed to miss THE ENTIRE LAMB that was being roasted over the fireplace/rotisserie in the dining room and went for the moussaka, which was excellent and incredibly rich as always. My dining companion had the goat curry (her favorite), which I was a little wary of. But it was very tasty and lamb-like when I tried it and I like lamb.If you plan ahead, make a reservation (well ahead). If not, try the bar: you might get lucky.
I have a thing against SF restaurants. I've done my share of fine dining here and I always felt like something was off, it was way too pricey and just not good enough to justify the price tag. Well, my world was turned upside down after eating at Kokkari and now I'm gonna have to give SF fine dining another try. WOW, I love this restaurant! We got lucky with our reservations. We made next day reservations for Thursday and were seated right in front of the roasting pig. Food standouts:- pork riblets - YES, delicious- baked feta - so simple.. so good.- pork belly - tasted meatier and juicier and not too fatty.. yum!- all the salads! the waiter kept emphasizing how big they were and how we might not be able to finish them... pish posh, they were normal size. go crazy if you want because they were great. we had the greek and maroulosalata salads.- goat stew - my main dish. I was skeptical but the yelp reviews were all positive and I felt like YOLOing for the night. I'm so glad!! The orzo was so perfect and amazing. The goat was really good albeit I wouldn't liked it a little more tender.. still great though!!- lamb chops - oh my god. cooked to perfection.Sidenote: you have to take the elevator to the bathroom. Weird.. especially when you're riding down with other people that need to use the restroom too and you're all wondering.. who gets first dibs?! Also not great for someone who is about to explode so.. plan ahead?
Kokkari is one of my favorite restaurants of all time. Their food is always of superior quality and flavor and beautifully presented. The management and waitstaff are attentive and professional. We went yesterday for my sister's special birthday. We had told them in advance that we were celebrating a special occasion and they acknowledged the event and congratulated my sister in an appropriate manner. Our server helped select a lovely bottle of sparkling wine. We felt like VIP guests for sure.Now for the food. Their bread is heavenly - crusty on the outside served with special olive oil that Kokkari curates from Athens. We ordered the baked feta which was delicious, rich and creamy. We had chopped salad with pine nuts and a delightful creamy feta dressing. My daughter ordered an octopus salad that was delicious and had the freshest, tastiest octopus we had ever had - slightly chewy as it should be. We also sampled the dolmathes which were stuffed with a savory lamb filling. My brother in law ordered the whole fish - fresh and juicy and beautifully presented. My other daughter and I split the roasted half chicken served with roasted potato wedges. The chicken was so flavorful and juicy and potatoes soft on the inside and slightly crisp on the outside. My sister ordered a greek salad which was lovely and just what she wanted.I want to offer another compliment to the entire staff as we also had in our group my one year old grandson. Normally, I would not think of Kokkari as a great place to take a little guy but he is generally pretty good in restaurants. We were greeted by management and staff in such a welcoming way. They told us how sweet and cute he is (which we all wanted to hear) but encouraged us to have a good time and not worry about what others thought. In the end, at least a half dozen other staff and management stopped by to congratulate my sister and fawn over my grandson. So - we have been to Kokkari many times before and will continue frequenting this, one of our favorite restaurants.tripadvisor.com/ShowUser
What a wonderful birthday lunch! Six of us, including the cutest 1 year old on the planet came for lunch. They reassured us that the baby was welcome right away, which was very welcoming. The wines, food and service were all excellent. The lamb dolmathes with pine nuts and the baked feta were lovely. The whole fried fish was succulent and tender. The roasted chicken with potatoes and the chopped salad were big hits. The giant sundries, dulce leche ice cream with pine nut caramel sauce and flourless chocolate cake finished off a perfect 60th birthday meal. I'll be back!
This place is amazing. They have many dishes that I love. The grilled octopus was smokey and tender. The grilled calamari was equally tasty if octopus is not your thing. I also recommend the grilled cheese. If you've never had Mediterranean grilled cheese, this is the place to try it.The whole baked fish is a must try, so perfectly cooked with olive oil and lemon sauce. I'd love to go back again soon.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. Amazing food and incredible service. My favorite dishes are the goat stew or any of the lamb dishes.Making a reservation to celebrate a special occasion is completely worth it.
Our hostess was gracious and found us a comfortable table for 4pp (even though there were only three of us). The ambiance was warm and pleasant. I was disappointed that there was not a cocktail list. The bartender said "we don't have a list... just order whatever you'd like"... which sounded to me like... we don't want to make the effort... or we'd appreciate it if you'd just hurry up and order wine instead. Well, that is what we went with in the end... Two of us ordered a glass of wine off the list. One was great (but $20 a glass), the other (a Bordeaux) smelled like wet, musty socks... I couldn't even put it to my lips. It sat untouched on the table for the entire time. The waiter certainly noticed on his multiple trips to our table... but bothered not to ask or say anything... and just charged me anyway. The hors d'Oeuvres (beets, brussel sprouts, lemon chicken soup) were ho hum... the brussel sprouts were overcooked and mushy, which surprised me since they were grilled and sauteed. If the beets had any pistachios (as mentioned on the menu) I sure didn't see any. The lemon chicken rice soup tasted like the bottom of the large soup pot had burned (either that or the lemons were charred black before they were added to the soup). There was very little chicken or rice in the bowl of soup. It was mainly a thick, slighly creamy, burnt lemon broth... very unappetizing and mostly left untouched.I ordered the famed "kokkari lamb chops". They were certainly impressive in size... but I would have appreciated them a little more trimmed of fat. They were also on the border of being burned even though they were cooked medium rare. Our server was efficient, but not particularly warm.I have a feeling that the management will not be happy to read these things... that their standards are much higher than this. I am sure there are servers and chefs working here that do a fantastic job (for it is a large restaurant)... we unfortunately didn't experience their efforts.This place was recommended to me, but in the end, I was sincerely disappointed. To me it became just another over-priced San Francisco restaurant.
Amazing lost for words. We went there for a birthday Saturday and service freshness of the food was amazing. I can't forget about the drinks!!!just excellent! !!
One of the best dining experiences that I have ever had! The vibe is great; romantic but fun and a little swanky. Drinks were made perfectly; we ordered an aperol spritz and a negroni. The service was fantastic; we arrived early and they got us seated, the waitress was so friendly. And the food was unreal. We went more on the appetizer side, but it ended up being the perfect amount of food. We ordered an artichoke/bell pepper skewer thing that had Greek yogurt and a red sauce; delicious. Then we had the lamb riblets, which were incredibly delicious. You must order the lamb riblets. We also had the grilled octopus, which was great. Not chewy like we've had it in the past. And lastly, we had the Greek salad (horiatiki), which was JUST like the one that we had I Greece, which we haven't been able to find since. I cannot wait to come back to this place!
Excellent ambience, excellent food, professional wait staff, beautifully presented food.The meals are classy, the guests are classy, and you will leave feeling well taken care of.I have tried all of there appetizers at various times throughout many work lunches and dinners. They are all very well appointed and delicious. The lamb is cooked to perfection and probably my favorite menu item.Lovely desserts. Very classy place to take a date, join a coworker for a meal, or impress some out of town friends. You will not be disappointed.
Greece only wishes they had restaurants this beautiful. This place is the whole package. The experience is well worth the price and no matter what your tax bracket, the price is high. The lamb is perfectly seasoned and cooked to tender medium rare, definitely not the typical Greek way of overdone and add lemon. The dips were perfectly blended and made it hard to stop trying to get every last bit on the pita bread. The star of the show was the octopus, tender and tasty with a great olive oil that enhanced the flavor but did not overpower. I can go on and on, but as I have seen it has all been written before.The meal was memorable and I'll be back in the bay area in June for another visit to Kokkari that I am already looking forward to.
This place is always amazing and I was not disappointed on a recent visit:Goat Stew Special - a rich and flavorful stew with tender pieces of goat, this was amazing. I usually go for the same items (the Moussaka is incredible!), but I'm glad I tried something different since this is not always on their menu and I thought this was an excellent dish.Dolmas - I'd had this before, but I think I forgot how good this really was: unlike the type that are typically found elsewhere, this version has meat and raisins and really makes this a feast for the palate with the different flavors all working together.Fried Cheese - It's hard to go wrong with fried cheese and the same is true here - excellent item with rich and salty flavors!I've been coming to Kokkari for years and I'm glad it continues to impress me.
0 Stars! never been to this restaurant, frankly and never will want to. here is my story:called on Tue 01/19/2016 for dinner reservations for Valentines day. The lady was nice but told me that their event coordinator handled dinner reservations. She transferred me to her voicemail. I left all the info to call me back. 1 day goes by, nothing. Two days go by...I call again. The lady on the phone says she is off thurs and fri and all weekend and will call me back Monday.....it is now a Tue night still nothing. I only called because my wife heard it was a good restaurant and we wanted to try something new. If anyone in management who works there, fire this coordinator, she's pis sing off your would be customers. and one more thing a simple we are all booked that day is a lot more professional than leaving us hanging. Epic Fail.
The food, atmosphere and service were all terrific. The decor was cozy and rustic and overall had a great open feel to it. The service was above and beyond. My friend is gluten free and our waiter was great customizing and finding options that would work for us. We got the feta sto fumo which was a baked feta that was yummy. It had a little kick to it which was a nice surprise and it went well with the bread. As you should expect at a geek restaurant, the olive oil served with the bread was simply perfect. The grilled calamari was great quality and delicious. It was stuffed with feta, fennel, and black olives. We also got gigantes, which was a stew type dish with white beans, tomatoes and feta. This was a different dish in a good way. The aginares souvlaki was a skewer of grilled veggies and Greek yogurt. The veggies were perfectly grilled and paired nicely with the yogurt. The Horiatiki was a classic Greek salad done right with tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, onion, oregano, olives and feta. The lamb skewers were out of this world delicious. All of these dishes were perfect for sharing and I would recommend all of them. We were three gals and this was plenty of food. We were excited to finally check this place out so we were happy to try lots of different dishes. Our waiter, Mario, was awesome. He knew we were visiting from out of town and missed getting a chance to try Kokkari the past few times since it was hard to get a reservation. He brought us one of the best desserts I've ever had. Yoaourti me meli was a creamy yogurt sorbert with fresh strawberry granita, perfectly sweet and refreshing! Another must try... It was a great dining experience and I can't wait to go back next time I'm in the San Francisco area.
One of my personal top 5 restaurants in US. Lamb chops, brazino for the daily fish....both outstanding. Even if you don't like Mediterranean food, this restaurant is a must when in SF. It will redefine your definition of this style of food.
Dinner. Food 3/5Zucchini cakes. 2/5 why is this so popular?!Lamb chops. 2.5/5. Severely lacking in flavor Seabass special. 4/5. Well seasoned, crispy skin. Surprised it was a whole fish.Galaktoboureko. 4.5/5 best part of the meal$150 for 2 (pretip, 2 wines). Large portions. Great service and ambience. Not likely to return for food.
I would only eat & drink here if it was an option. The entire door staff is excellent every time, service is impeccable, the mixed drinks are always outstanding and still, the food is the star. This beautiful place is perfect for the girls night out, boys night out, date night, & mom & dad. Where else? The Dolmades are just slam-dunk excellent every single time! I double order and call it a lunch now.
Why 3 stars? Because I'm the outlier.  ---  ---  ---3200+ reviews and a 4.5 star average. A spot on the 2014 Yelp's Top 100 list. All of my co-workers raving about it.But unfortunately, I'm on the other side of the fence. This wasn't one of my favorites.I ordered the Kolokithokeftethes and the moussaka, and tried a couple of bites of other plates on the table. I personally found the food to be in the 2-3 star range. Maybe I just don't love Greek food? Maybe it's too intense/gamey for me. I hate being such a Debbie Downer on a page full of glowing reviews.The service was phenomenal, and the place is as classy as they come. I wish I loved it.
Thought food was generally ok. Got the roasted lamb on the spit, roasted whole fish, saganaki (flaming cheese), spinach filo pastry, octopus. Most of the dishes lacked any meaningful flavor - not bad, just nothing special. I was actually a bit disappointed with the roasted lamb, which had been slowly roasted for 4 hours, as I was expecting it to be delicious. It was ok. Service, however was phenomenal.If you're going, skip the octopus and roasted lamb. The saganaki is decent and the salads looked pretty good (we didn't order any). They also had a pretty good wine selection.
Me and my husband came here for the third time after having a wonderful experience twice before. We expected the same quality but our expectation was shattered when we received our first appetizer zucchini cakes which was cold n not crispy within 2 mins after order,later second appetizer wood oven roasted prawns which was equally bad .We did not loose hope from appetizer and decided to go ahead and order entre lamb chops and skewers rear ,with our first bite on lamb we found it hard to chew and not juicy at all ,yet again disappointment on entre.Later ordered dessert baklava ,a total disaster to end with .Baklava was like hard rock without any crispy layers .Kokkari totally disappointed us this time ,they have reduced the quality so low to 2/10.When we complained to managers ,they responded poorly.Probably this would be our last visit here and will not keep this place in our favorite list of restaurants in San francisco .
Highlights:- Perfect service: from the moment you arrive to the time you leave, you are well taken care of my professional and attentive staff - Amazing food: our server recommended the ribs... Super good. We also had the saghanaki (fried cheese)... Both so good. The highlight was the grilled whole fish and the lamb chops. They were both extremely flavourful, well seasoned, and perfectly cooked. I highly recommend both. - Ambiance: the kitchen is open so you can see where they are roasting lamb over a charcoal fire... the restaurant is well decorated but not too uptight (I was in a t-shirt). - Bonus: if you love the olive oil like we did, they sell bottles for $22. They also sell a cookbook for $40 (it's over $100 on Amazon) and the recipes for most of the items on the menu are inside and are pretty straightforward to make. Lowlights:- NoneIf you're looking for a great dining experience and delicious Greek food, look no further. Definitely book ahead of time, as reservations are 2-3 weeks out.
Food, atmosphere, service are all exemplary. Graduation dinner, 12 of us. Good for groups. We were seated at a long table in the second room watching all the magic happen in the kitchen. Reservation was for 8; we arrived at 8; and we were seated at like 8:05! Awesome.The menu changes all the time, so I can't guarantee what I ate and loved is what will be available to you.We had: ~Appetizers-- fried octopus; a fried cheese thing; duck. All absolutely fantastic.~Dinner-- duck (friday nights only), THE LAMB CHOPS (this is THEE item to get), steak, salmon. All phenomenal.Very, very close to perfect. Enough to give it 5 stars. Would absolutely return for a group dinner or a romantic dinner.
Came here recently on a Saturday night before a show. Had a great time.Our waiter (George) was one of the best I have ever had the pleasure of being served by. His descriptions of the specials and his enthusiasm were great. Well worth the 20% tip that I rarely give.I had the best roasted chicken here in the last 10 years (maybe ever). Very rich flavor. My moussaka was very good.Reservations are a must here. I made mine a few weeks in advance after trying a few times unsuccessfully before.
There are not enough words to describe the magnificent experience we had there. The ambiance is Mediterranean authentic. The staff are professionals and the food quality is pure and high. My wife is a cordon bleu chef so the bar is high. We ordered 8 apps to start all were off the menu except the special lamb sausage. It was the best of the 8!I ordered the lemon orzo soup - save the money it was bland.We then ordered the special Greek fish deboned. It was cooked perfectly and white fleshy meat was not fishy. My wife started her career as a pastry chef so the desert was super important to her.. The Baklava sadly fell short. It was equivalent to store bought and not homemade. Sad ending but overall, we could not be happier. Very moderately priced - well worth the trip and you must try if in San Fran.
My no:1 restaurant in San Francisco. Hands down.
Hands down the best restaurant I've ever been to in SF. I look forward whenever I make reservations here. The flourless chocolate cake is the best - I won't come here without ordering it. Always, always, always make reservations. This place is packed, and for good reason.
This place is much bigger, more space than their sister Evvia in Palo Alto, atmosphere is great, service is awesome and food is luscious, can't complain. We had refreshing karpouzi (water melon), Kolokithokeftethes (zucchini cakes), and Grilled Branzino (sea bass), and Greek cookies they just don't have cocktail menu.
ZOMG. Still absolutely one of my favorite date-night spots.Fried Squash BlossomsMini Greek and Mini Chopped SaladsLamb Shank with OrzoRotisserie Pork with PotatoesCouldn't ask for anything more. Everything was perfection. Big portions too. Ended up taking half of each entree home. FYI, its just as good day 2! As usual, we went without reservations, waited about an hour for a spot at the bar. It was worth it. Reservations highly recommended if you happen to be better at planning date-night than L-bear and I. That being said, the service at the bar is great. The bartenders are really sweet and make it just as special as if you had one of the coveted tables. P.S. The bartenders keep track of who is next to sit at the bar. So don't go cat-fighting over a seat, just make sure the bartenders know that you are there waiting to dine at the bar. Politeness is ever in your favor at one of SFs hottest foodie spots.
Rarely do I write 5 star reviews but this place deserves one. On my last visit to SF I came here with a friend who lives in the city and frequents this place. When I walked in I was immediately intrigued by the beautiful, warm and welcoming decor. The ambience alone makes you want to hang out here and is designed to perfection. The food was incredible. You can taste the freshness and the seasonings have been perfected. I loved the octopus salad and chicken kabob dish, the branzino is the best I've ever had and the Greek deserts are all delicious but I highly recommend the chocolate torte. This place gets full fast so make a reservation. A true gem in SF not to be missed!
Now that my office moved two blocks away- I've found my new favorite Friday lunch spot with the best bartender in the city.Currently obsessed with the chicken (and lamb) Souvlaki but sub greek salad and side of tzatziki. Omg... I don't even normally LIKE green salad but this one is heavenly and I've never had feta like this- pretty sure it's made in house. Same to be said about the tzatziki- I literally think about it all week. It tastes so thick and full of wonderful flavors. YUM!!!!! Also been really into the meatballs and zuchinni cakes. And because everything else I have is relatively healthy- the sundae is an out of this world treat to finish the meal offBasically everything here is so fresh amazing and full of flavor, you cannot get food like this anywhere else in SF.
Came here for a work lunch with coworkers and had the fish special of a whole seabass with a cute lemon squeezer and braised veggies on the dish. I ate it all because the flavor was so cirtrusy and good! We had a lot of appetizers to share as well: grilled octopus, grilled cheese, grilled calamari, and a tomato salad. Everything didn't disappoint but the seabass is forever embedded in my mind of how delicious it was. For those who do like lamb, I also heard good things! The decor was beautiful and we sat near the kitchen where we can see some action. I'll never forget this huge vase next to our table that could probably fit me in it :p service was also impeccable! :)
Had a great seat for valentines. Service was excellent and we don't like to be rushed and they completely respected that. Zucchini cakes outstanding and the crab phyllo. Soup was not impressive. Greek salad good. Lamb chops excellent with the roasted potatoes. Lobster orzo was not quite as exciting as it sounded. Something missing in the flavors. Tried the octopus. It was not chewy but dense and easy to bite. Not really my taste but probably excellent for those who like octopus. Citrus chocolate cake excellent and the blast of citrus really offset the sweetness of chocolate nicely. The baklava was good too.
We arrive for our appt at almost 530 an we hung around the bat! the place is very rustic,wooden and very very beautiful inside. It was like a mass seating at 530 with everyone being taken by waiters groups at a time and ours was I feel the best ever! He explained everything on the menu we had ? about which honestly was a lot due to I never ate Greek before and I learned so much . One day they have pig roasting on the open fire, next day beef , chicken whatever is going to be the main meat of the day , but not to say the other stuff is not avail. it all looked fantastic. WE all had the specials of the day , a few side dishes and drinks and of course dessert . There was not ONE thing to complain about at all in this place ,I have never been to such a well run place in my life that was as BIG as it was on the inside . The place on the outside does not give it justice, just saying. Now this is a very special place to go to for us for the price is high but as MOM used to say " you get what u pay for " an in this case you get a whole lot more and I could not have done better for my best friends Birthday . Thank you Staff of Kokkari for making our dinner one of the top 5 in town!WE will be back!Randy Moore)scorpio)
Loved this restaurant! The decorations remind me of restoration hardware/ a greek royal home. Floor to ceiling windows and doors, the moment you walk in you can't help but be in awe. It's as if you have stepped out of San Francisco and into Greece (fancy Greece!)We got many dishes like the octopus, sizzling cheese dish, the sea bass, greek salad, and a few desserts. We were a party of 7, and were seated right in the middle of the main room with comfortable sofa-like chairs. I loved how crisp and cool it was due to the windows being open, and that it wasn't too loud, even though the place was PACKED! This restaurant is not only a place to come to tease your taste buds, but it's ultra romantic as well. Our server was Max. He was absolutely amazing and I was so impressed when he delivered the specials (sooooo much detail to remember with some of these dishes!!). He was so friendly and FUN! Made me laugh a lot (lol). Just in general a very friendly person. Will be back again soon!
I don't Yelp often but I felt compelled to tell you of our experience at Kokkari especially after reading other glowing reviews. It was not a good experience. We felt the food was good, not great but it was the service that really made our dinner an unpleasant experience. We ordered 3 appetizers. Again good, not great. They did come out very quickly but then the empty plates sat at our tables for 20 minutes after we were finished. In the meantime the table next to us were seated 4 businessmen who brought in their own bottles of wine. Lots of attention was being spent on this table while empty dishes sat at ours. Finally someone offered to clear the plates. Then we waited another 10 minutes for our entrees to arrive. Now its been 30 minutes. As I said at the beginning of this review, the food was good not great. I had the lamb chops and decided to take one of the three chops home. Upon leaving the restaurant I was told the hostess had our "doggie bag". When I requested the bag the hostess reached into a closet by the front door and just about threw the bag at me. No thank you or have a great night or thanks for coming. nothing, not a word. We eat out often. One of our favorites is Gary Danko. The service (and food) is so far superior to what Kokkari had to offer. I think dining out is more than just eating good food. Its the entire experience and this was not good. I felt our wait person and hostess couldn't be bothered.
Very nice restaurant. Service was great as well as the food. My boyfriend and i had a good time and would recommend for all.
Two Words: Top NotchSpanakotiropita. No, I did not just make that up. Order it. It is a warm pie of spinach and feta. The dill enhanced the flavors of the dish. For entrees, I ordered the grilled lamb chops. WOW. It was a properly cooked dish. They chose to lightly season it with lemon and oregano. The lamb chops were succulent and tender. The interior is quite intriguing, it is divided into five rooms. Some are private and some are more open. I dined in the Kcuzina which had high ceilings, dark wood, and wide windows. Everything about Kokkari was exceptional - especially the incredible staff which added to my dining experience.
Good service and nice ambiance. I prefer to give a 3 stars because I didn't really enjoy most of the dishes as much as I would have liked but the lamb chops made up for everything else that wasn't great including dessert (baklava and honey donuts). I would definitely recommend the lamb. We ordered: dolmathes, lamb dolmathes, saghanaki, Garides skordates, moussaka, psari psito, arnisia paidakia, baklava and loukoumades.
Being a Concierge in San Francisco I set the standard very high for restaurants that I recommend to the owners and guests that stay at the property that I work for. My property recently got a new GM who is kind enough to set up a Concierge Supervisor dinner for us and her. Upon arriving I fell in love with the ambience and look of Kokkari. The high ceilings with wood beams along with the fireplaces and floor to ceiling windows that opened creating an indoor/outdoor space almost really set the mood for what would be an amazing night. The service was incredible with attention to drinks never going empty and wine being replenished also. We ordered about 6 appetizers and everyone was amazing. The octopus and flash fired peppers and cheese on the small skillet were my favorites. I ordered the steak medium rare and it was perfection. The seasoning was just right not being too strong or salty and the steak was cooked exactly at a medium-rare that I enjoyed thoroughly. If you've been trying to land a reservation at Kokkari and find it's fully committed there's a reason! Do yourself a favor and book the first available reservation and be ready to experience an overall amazing dining experience. At Kokkari it's not just great food, but great everything, definitely an experience!Cheers to Kokkari!
Arguably the best lamb chops I've ever had. The grape leaves around the dolmas didn't leave a bitter taste in my mouth; they prepared it well! Meatballs were exquisite!When visiting SF, you have to visit this place, but avoid the lunch sandwich; it was horrible!
Mosharisia Brizola - Flinestone like 22 oz Large dry-aged rib-eye steak, charcoal-grilled, It looks like the "Old 96er" from The Great Outdoors, with braised greens & Kokkari potatoes - $52.25So, we were here 10 of us for dinner here, I wanted to have the steak for a long time, and finally I took my chance to get it. The dry-aged rib-eye, perfect medium rare, I was in HEAVEN, it was scrumptious! It was crispy and charred on the outside and then tender and juicy in the middle... and that is where it really explodes with flavor... I gave my gf one bite, she was having the lamb chops, and she said, "OMFG, what a incredible steak!"The Flintstones were nothing different than the modern American family. Pretty much the same attitude. Residing in Bedrock, Fred Flintstone worked an unsatisfying quarry job, but returned home to lovely wife Wilma and eventually daughter Pebbles. Fred, a big fan of golf and bowling, also enjoyed bullying neighbor Barney Rubble, while Barney's saucy wife Betty was best friends with Wilma. During the show's run, Barney and Betty would adopt an unnaturally strong son, Bamm-Bamm, who would become friends with little Pebbles. "The Flintstones," heavily inspired by "The Honeymooners," convinced a generation of children that dinosaurs and humans occupied the planet at the same time.I saw many people just like Flintstones were here in Kokkari having the steak.FOOD - 5 stars, pretty damn GOOD!AMBIANCE - 5 stars ...expansive yet cozy...the tables are far enough apartSERVICE - 5 stars ...excellent TOTAL - 5 stars
I DID IT!! I finally (after 2 years) made my way to a beautiful dinner at Kokkari. Convinced my bf to let me take him for his bday dinner, yup im awesome. We made reservations 2 weeks before and I was more excited for his bday dinner than he was. We got all dressed up and headed over for our 8:30 reservation. We were seated right away, I wish we would have got a better table bc we were stuck in a corner right by the door, but oh well! As you know this place is unbelievably busy. I didn't realize how big the space was until we got there!We started with off with vino of course and accompanied it with the following:Zucchini Cakes- A few friend recommended these so we were very excited. These aren't your average plain ol' zucchini cakes, Kokkari serves 2 crispy on the outside and soft and rich on the inside, almost creamy pieces of goodness. Paired with a mint yogurt sauce and pickled cucumbers, it was the perfect starter to our meal.Gigantes - another recommendation from a friend. This dish was very surprising, different but still yummy. Big white beans served in tomato sauce topped with feta. Its tangy yet creamy, very very filling! We used the bread they served to eat with the sauce. I liked it but will def want to try other starters next time.Whole grilled fish- So I am not a huge fish eater, and whole fish kind of freaks me out. But since they de-bone the fish for you and I was already pretty stuffed we decided to split this dish. We chose the Mediterranean sea bass. OMG IT WAS DELICIOUS. Yes sea bass is very soft and moist but the seasoning and the way the fish was grilled was just perfect to me. It was served with a side a sauteed spinach which was great bc it wasn't too heavy. Our server had cut and served the fish perfectly . You have to squeeze the lemon on top and just enjoy the deliciousness. Kataifi Ekmek- I didn't think I could have any dessert but bc the bday boy insisted we tried one of the dessert specials. It reminded me a less heavier and more yummier version of cheese cake. The pistachios on top were perfect! Overall, we had a great evening. I had very high expectations and was not disappointed. I cant wait to come back!
So disappointing from our last visit! But still A-OK!We called at 4PM on a Sunday and a very nice man with an accent explained that though they were filled up from a reservation point of view but that we should come in and put ourselves on the cancellation wait list.We arrived at 6PM and they were not fully packed when the hostess body stated that there was no wait list and that she didn't want to waste our time and that we should wait for the bar seating to open up even though they were full.The bar tenders were A-OK but when the very dry Moussaka was served (see 2nd photo posted and compare to the 1st photo posted from our first visit) I disciplined myself to keep cool so as to not ruin the special time spent with my daughter and just mentioned that I needed ketchup since the Moussaka was dry. RED FLAG right there even if they didn't here that I just said my entree was dry NOR did the bar tenders ask how everything was during the entree course (though they did for the salad & appetizer courses).Anyway - A-OK this time - disappointed, but am not turned off from revisiting. I really like this place.
Serviceable, but would not go out of my way anymore to visit this restaurant. been there a couple of times years before and it was better. had the mousakka, greek salad, retsina. the retsina was good.
We had a really good, but not necessarily great, meal here. I think my rating might reflect my astronomical expectations given their overall 4.5 yelp rating based on thousands of previous reviews. We were expecting transcendent food, service, and ambiance. But what we experienced was merely very good food, service, and ambiance. Now on to the review.We were able to snag a same day reservation here probably because it was Easter and everyone else was at home with their families and dyed eggs. The restaurant itself is quite lovely, cavernous, and a bit more formal than we expected. We were seated in the middle of three 2-seater tables- three empty tables, practically guaranteeing we'd have neighbors on both sides of us. I guess we could've asked to be seated at one of the outside tables, but this was minor for us so we rolled with it. Still, annoying...Our waiter was a nice guy, and the pace of the service was fine. We started off with the zucchini cakes and the lamb meatballs. Both were wonderful as everyone else have mentioned, with the star being the zucchini cakes. We also sampled a couple of glasses of Greek wine, one red, one white. Also, special. We were happy we had these items.Then things starting going off the rails. We both ordered whole fish- they had three varieties that night and we ordered two of the three. I preferred mine grilled and de-boned and my friend wanted his roasted with the bones left in tact.We both got roasted fish, both de-boned. I actually didn't know mine was wrong until the waiter came to apologize and offered to replace the fish. By then I was already too full to start again with another huge fish but maybe I should have because, though my fish was cooked well, and was very fresh, I didn't think it was special.I think the culprit was the "lazy" beurre blanc sauce that covered the fish. Uninspiring, and just really, well, lazy. Also, I was glad they had the option to remove the bones from the fish, but whoever had done mine wasn't very good at it because there were many (like 20+) little shards of bones throughout my entree. Someone had split through the bones and to be honest this was much, much worse than just leaving the bones in place. I could've removed them myself properly and thus avoided this issue...Finally, two somewhat underwhelming desserts- the baklava and the galaktoboureko. The galaktoboureko was actually very tasty, but not mind-blowing by any means.We found the cost of the dinner to be very reasonable given the quality of the food. I think without the hype I might've been persuaded to give this place 4-stars. But really, I don't think we're actually going to go here again so very difficult to recommend that anyone else go. That said, the food here is very good and opinions vary. You probably should try them and judge for yourself.
I'll give them a generous four stars. My overall impression is that Kokkari is good, actually very good, but overpriced by about 15% for the quality and quantity of the food you receive. I took my partner there for his birthday, as this is the restaurant he chose. I'll state up front that Greek is not one of my favorite cuisines, but I certainly don't hate it. Upon arrival we were brought to a table in the back, near the kitchen. Personally, I found the area a bit too loud, but my partner was fine with it. I also thought the tables were a touch too close together for such an expensive restaurant. I was not charmed by the service. Our waiter was efficient, but kind of overbearing too. He gave us menus and then returned to push us to order no less than four times in five minutes, no exaggeration. "Are you guys ready yet?" "How are we doing, have you decided?" Seriously, man, after the first two times, back the F-k off and let us talk and decide at our leisure. A good waiter would either look over for a signal or cruise by and do the same. This is an expensive place, people should not feel pressured into ordering. We both also felt he lacked a polish one might expect in a restaurant marketing itself at this level. We started with Saghanaki, fried cheese with lemon and oregano. It was good, but for $15 we received maybe 3 oz. of cheese. We also had the Papio Manti, baked duck ravioli. This was four small baked dumplings with yogurt and brown butter for $13.50. The flavors were very good, though. For entrees I ordered the braised lamb shank, and my partner had the goat stew, which is what I wanted to order but I let him get it as it was his birthday. The lamb shank was very good, served with ouzo. I found it just a little too salty for my taste, and I could have made a lamb shank just as good at home. Again, for $34, it was overpriced. My partner's goat stew was the meal's standout, by a light year. It was truly stupendous and it's the only thing we sampled that would make me really want to return here. It was simply scrumptious. So, two appetizers, two entrees, and one glass of wine totaled $120. This is not outrageous for fine dining but I genuinely feel this restaurant promises more than it delivers. It is very good. It is not spectacular. It is overpriced and tad pretentious. It was not a disappointment, but it was not a meal I'll remember, except for the goat stew.
What an amazing meal with wonderful service! Will definitely need to come back soon.Ordered:Dolmathes (grape leaves) - a small dish with only four pieces Saghanaki (fried cheese) - very savory and great with breadPsari Psito - Mediterranean Sea Bass (grilled fish) - nice and crispy skin with light buttery flavors.* Peking Duck Roti - tender smokey flavors and deliciously crispy skin. The potatoes an arugula was tangy and wonderful!* Goat Stew - So tender and there is an hints of spiciness and sweetness. Our favorite dish.(* Daily Special)Dessert: Galaktoboureko (semolina custard) - yummy, light, and not too sweet. Overall, I loved everything we ordered. Maybe I would switch switch out the grape leaves for a different delicious Mezethes and try the Psari sto Fourno (wood-oven roasted fish) instead. Deliciousness!!!!
Flaming cheese. It's pretty damn good. Flaming cheese.
Excellent service despite our dressed down appearance. We got seats at the bar, call ahead for a table, this place is busy. The bartender was AWESOME, super friendly and attentive. I tried a vodka gimlet with cucumber which is now officially my favorite drink ever.We started with the calamari which was filled with a feta mixture and was oh so tender. I had the goat special for my entree which had heavenly flavor! My fellow diner tried the fire roasted pork special which was equally fantastic. Lovely interior and an all around great experience.
Great food and service. Never disappoints.
Had lunch here yesterday, and I am going to have lunch here again... TODAY! That's how much I loved it. The Lamb Chops. Were. Simply. Amazing. It will be difficult today to have something else. The menue is fantastic, with all the things you'd expect an upscale Greek restaurant to have. I've been here for dinner to this summer, just did not have time to write about it. If you're willing to wait a few weeks for a dinner reservation, you must try. And it is a great date night place btw.
This place has a lot of hype. It's everyone's favorite restaurant so I had very high expectations and every single one was met. I came here to celebrate my 31st birthday and it absolutely perfect from the food to the service to the atmosphere. Everything we ordered was delicious; I would categorize it as elegant and comforting. Highlights were the grilled octopus, lamb meatballs, and spit roasted lamb. The desserts where amazing as well. This restaurant knows exactly what they are doing and are well deserving of all these fantastic reviews. Book early. I made a reservation as early as I could and the earliest spot I could get was 8:45. Enjoy!
Impeccable menu with attentive service. Word to the wise: arrive right at open to snag a seat at the bar... Getting a rezzy can be a bit difficult but the bar is cozy yet spacious. Try to get one of the round "turret tops" at the end... You'll know what I mean when you see it. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu but the moussaka, lamb riblets, and lamb chops are especially indulgent. Make sure to check out their traditional Greek coffee... Quite the show! (Hint: it's Turkish coffee but don't say that aloud.)
Went with friends for a girls night out and had the best time! The food was incredible and the service was even better. We tried lots of small plates and left very full and extremely satisfied.
I took my husband here for his birthday dinner. The ambiance was very pleasant.. high ceiling, fire place, perfect lighting. Being vegetarian, we were amazed to see the variety of vegetarian dishes that were being offered. We started off with watermelon salad and the grilled cheese appetizers. Watermelon salad was very flavorful.. watermelon pieces with crumbled feta , basil and drizzle of olive oil. The cheese dish along with a small bite of bread was very good and balanced. We had macaronia for the main course. which is 4 cheese ravioli with summer squash in pesto like sauce. This dish was very well balanced with exact amount of salt and spice. We ended with a dessert made of semolina inside the flaky puff with ice cream, it was a good end to the birthday dinner.
Came here for lunch on a Tuesday was blown away by the food. I had checked yelp before I came here and I am glad I did! It is well worth it! We shared the zucchini cakes and chicken skewers. They were both amazing!Reason for the four stars... the table we were sat at was MUCH to close to another two person table. It felt like it should be for a party of four.
Well we went with quite high expectations for this place. We ordered a few vegetarian appetizers one of them being the zucchini fritters the other being some kind of puff. Both of them were quite average. Nothing great.For the main course we ordered the lamb chops and the vegetarian ravioli. The lamb chops were pretty decent but the ravioli was a bland and tasteless.
Really enjoyed this restaurant. It was a last minute stop so we definitely could not get a table but it was a Wednesday night so a couple of spots opened up at the bar. Food service at the bar was totally on point and they perfectly spaced our multiple appetizers. We had the octopus, zucchini cakes, and salad, all paired with a bottle of wine. Salad was nothing special which is why I can't recall which one we had! Initially I felt the bartender on that night was a bit standoffish but once we ordered a good wine and food he quickly warmed up and provided excellent service. I will return but mostly because I want to sit in the dining room and try a few entrees. Highly recommend giving this a try if you can get in.
Came here for valentine's day dinner. I've never really had Greek food and I've heard this place is a reputable one for Greek food. Honestly, I was feeling a bit nervous because I haven't eaten lamb since I was a child and this place is well known for their lamb chops. Long story short, my anxieties are blown away because the food is BOMB. Apparently, yogurt seems to go with every dish and fret not, because it compliments with everything you order! Bf and I ordered the zucchini cakes, lamb chops, and moussaka. Moussaka is a bit on the heavier side but it tastes absolutely delicious and the texture is smooth and velvety. The lamb chops have the right amount of smoky flavor and the meat is soo tender! As for the zucchini cakes, they don't have meat in them, but their texture could have fooled me! We ended the meal with baklava. It kind of tastes like a pecan pie but better,The service is impeccable. THey are so knowledgable with their food and always greet us with a smile. Given how busy the night of valentine's day was, they still make effort to fill up our glasses of waters. The entire restaurant was filled with customers, and even then, we did not feel like we were rushed. Interestingly enough, we were definitely the youngest ones there as the target demographics seem to consist of late 20's+. Even so, waiters still respect us as customers, and I've definitely been to some higher end restaurants where we were subtly judged. Be sure to make reservations! This place seems to be highly popular, and for good reason. (:Overall, this restaurant is a staple and I will definitely comeback!
Amazing!!!no words,good service great food and beatifull place.the lamb ribs are the best i ever ate.The service is the best,seriously they really take cwre of you.I didnt like the lamb shank (personal taste) and asked to return it,they did it with no problems.I think its perfect for groups and young couples.
The lamb chops, and the dips are enough to keep coming back here.Food Quality - ExcellentFood Taste - ExcellentFood Originality - ExcellentPrice - ExcellentCustomer Service - ExcellentAmbiance - Excellent
Great spot for lunch and dinner. Extremely popular lunch spot. Excellent food and great service.
This is where visiting Greek royalty would dine.Visited for lunch a couple times, sampled a variety of the small plates and thought all were excellent. The dining room is beautiful, spacious, and really special.I always go for a lamb dish, which you can see roasting on a spit in the huge fireplace. The roasted whole fish also seems to be a popular entree. Flavors are really vibrant, reflecting common Green herbs and seasonings.I've heard that the same owners run Evvia in Palo Alto, which has similar food (but offers a more casual setting and overall experience).Highly recommended, just be aware of the Financial District prices!
Had a excellent meal and loved our waiter I would recommend this Greek restaurant to anyone Steve & Lais NewtonDanville, California
+ Lamb chops - medium rare, served with roasted potatoes; imagine the best steak you had, guaranteed it's not like any other lamb you have ever had + Goat stew - "special" but has been offered every visit, rich, tender meat with orzo, artichokes and spices, entree portion, but can easily be a shared plate + Zucchini cakes - great texture, seasoned well served with yogurt and cucumbers+ Dips - spicy feta spread is delicious, lentil spread is more bland, but pairs nicely with the feta, served with grilled herb pita, cucumbers, and pickled vegetables+ Bread and olive oil - soft with crusty exterior +/- Appetizers I enjoyed, but would probably not try again: gigante beans, prawns, spanakopita, duck ravioli, - Lamb souvlaki - go for the chop instead- Grilled octopus - not into it, if Kokkari can't make me love octopus, then I have accepted I probably never will be a fan Kokkari continues to be the best dining experience I have had in California. It is booked out over a week in advance, and with limited bar seating that is first-come, first-serve, a reservation is recommended. Traditional, up-scale Greek dishes are executed perfectly time and again. The menu is expansive with many options for meat eaters, and vegetarians, alike. The space is beautiful and luxurious; make sure to stop and look around at the wood oven, kitchen, and coffee contraption as you walk to your table. The waitstaff takes attentive service to another level, yet also creates a perfectly paced meal. It is truly a special place for a date night, dinner with friends, or a family gathering; a must visit if you live anywhere in the Bay Area.
WOW. This place is delicious and super authentic! One of the few restaurants that offer Sicilian wine. The menu is also plentiful with great options. Make reservations because the wait could be kind of long. We made reservations for a 8:45pm dinner and the restaurant was still packed.We ordered several appetizers for the table: grilled octopus, saghanaki, meatballs, dolmathes, and platters of dips with pita bread. All of it was great!!The food took a while to arrive, but it was worth the wait. For the entree, I had the lamb shank and it was SO HUGE. Really filling and super flavorful. Others had the sea bass special, lamb riblets, and moussaka. All great! No bad dishes.Last but not least, DESSERT!!! We ordered three desserts and shared them among the 8 of us. Baklava ice cream, Kokkari sundae, and Yiaourti Granita (yogurt sorbet). ALL DELICIOUS! Couldn't have ended dinner on a better note.Fun fact: There are wild parrots who live in this part of the city! They're dubbed "the wild parrots of Telegraph Hill". Some of the staff know about them too, so don't be afraid to ask. There's also a documentary on the parrots and how they got there too. Keep an eye out in the trees!
Best service ever. Very filling. Started with the zucchini cakes. The bf had the lamb chops and I had the lamb skewers. Lots of food but very flavorful and tender. The potatoes on the side were the best potatoes I've ever had! We paired our dishes with a bottle of wine: Neal. We were very, very stuffed but our guy brought us a complimentary dessert to end our meal. Very thoughtful and we felt special and taken care of. Very satisfied and pleased with our experience.
While it still serves some of the finest Greek cuisine in The City, Kokkari is slipping.Kokkari still has a Michelin Bib Gourmand award, indicating it is one of the best moderately-priced restaurants in the Bay Area, but it seems to be resting on its laurels. Service was less than spot-on and the lamb for which it is known was less than stellar.The atmosphere is still casual-elegant. There are still dark wood floors, faux painted walls, and white linens. A roaring fire still provides a perfect toasting for grilled meats. There is still a good selection of wines by the glass and by the bottle.What's the rub, you ask. The short-comings include slow service, disjointed pacing of courses, and lower quality grilled meats. The time between seating and first address by a server was more than five minutes. Appetizer courses were separated by at least a ten minute gap. Napa spring lamb was more fat than lamb.Yes, Kokkari is still good, but it is slipping. If the management doesn't watch it, the restaurant will slip off the Michelin Bib Gourmand list and out of the popular perception of San Francisco restaurants.
Amazing. Best restaurant I've been to in a while (or maybe even ever..)I had the lamb chops like most recommended and they were amazing. I don't eat much lamb as I'm not a fan usually but this was out of this world (and coming from someone who doesn't typically enjoy lamb is saying a lot) For dessert I had a custard filled pastry that came with pistachio ice cream. Delicious. I almost wish I got some to go.Service was amazing as well. My waiter was so nice and helpful and very friendly. Straight from Greece so very knowledgable! Just as a note I came here right at 5:30 on a Wednesday with no reservations hoping to steal a seat at the bar (none available). I ended up putting my name in with the hostess in case someone did not show up for their reservation and was seated within 10 mins! Probably just a lucky occurrence but definitely put your name in - it's worth a shot!
It's worth the hype! So delicious. We had the stuffed calamari, the zucchini cakes (my fav!), the lamb chops, and the rib eye. For dessert we had the Greek yogurt with honey. Everything was amazing!!! I'm drooling just thinking about it.
So my boyfriend found out about this place and heard it was a must try. The ambience is great , the service was phenomenal, The food was fresh and the presentation was amazing. I did find the food to be a bit bland and not so tasty. I was looking for more of a Greek flavor with a heartier taste. We ordered a thinly sliced raw fish as an app which was great but I would've wanted to eat that at a sushi restaurant. For lunch we ordered a fish that they caught the day before. The fish came out with the head and tail which I wasnt expecting. The fish was braised in butter and oil. Overall great service and high quality food but not what I wanted.
Came here for a special dinner celebration. Had been here previously for a business dinner. Ordered the grilled octopus, Marithes Tiganites (smelts), the Lamb chops, and kataifi ekmek (off menu not to secret "secret" dessert). Although the dessert was good, the octopus came out rubbery and overcooked, and the lamp chops came out cold. $45 for cold Lamp chops?  Would not repeat.
Great food and service. I've been here a few times... Every time service was great and the food was outstanding. If you can't get a reservation try to get in before 5:30 and sit at the bar, you won't regret it.
Any restaurant on Yelp with 3100 reviews and 4.5 stars is obviously legendary. Yelpers like to tear down overhyped spots, but Kokkari is so glorious that there is no way someone can eat here and not be blown away (unless they have no taste or don't appreciate good food, that is).Nearly every single one of my friends raved about this restaurant for months when I first moved to SF, and yet I very foolishly put off eating here until a few weeks ago. Even Greeks love Kokkari (my boyfriend who is albeit half-Greek, case in point). Let me tell you, my friends, that I'm not exaggerating when I say I was on the verge of tears for nearly the entire meal. Each bite was so heavenly that I couldn't speak. I ended up way overeating, of course (omg why do they keep refilling the bread basket and why does the bread -- which is super warm and fresh, by the way -- taste so good with all the other dishes?!), but it was worth it. I'm told the lamb chops are a MUST, but since I only came here with one other person, we opted for the grilled whole fish instead (which was dressed with dandelion greens, olive oil and lemon and so utterly divine). I'm now convinced this restaurant can do no wrong. Other highlights:- The pan-fried cheese with lemon and oregano. If you're a cheese lover like me, you absolutely MUST order this. You might be wondering how pan-fried cheese could cost $14, but just wait until you experience the texture and level of flavors in this dish. - The grilled lamb meatballs with spiced tomato sauce and Greek yogurt. Again just reduced to silence while nibbling at this succulent meat. The Greek yogurt was the perfect cooling element and brought it all together.- The grilled octopus with lemon, oregano and olive oil. What I continue to be amazed by at Kokkari is how simple the ingredients are, and yet it can achieve what so many more complex recipes cannot. I'm not the hugest fan of octopus, but here it was tender and again perfectly seasoned.- The Greek wine. Definitely order off the Greek menu; the wine from the other regions are like 3x the price. The bf and I shared a bottle for like $50 and while I was unaccustomed to its nuances at first, it improved with every sip. It was the absolute best complement to our food. - The service. You know when you get a waiter who's not only honest and gracious, but also just intuitive? Like he can see when you're trying to subtly make eye contact or need more water or gauge what kind of flavors you're in the mood for? That's the type of waiter we had. Simply amazing.The only downside? Dining at Kokkari doesn't come cheap. Save it for the special occasions.
Best Greek restaurant in the U.S. A must must are the lamb chops and the Loukoumades! If you like sweet wine, try the Samos. The service and food were amazing! Thank you!
Recently voted #1 restaurant in San Francisco by one of the food magazines, so I expect that reservations will be even more difficult to get. Kokkari is a classy and classic San Francisco restaurant that specializes in Mediterranean/Greek cuisine. Located close to the Ferry Building in Jackson Square, the restaurant just exudes cozy and inviting warmth. You can see armchairs and meat roasting in the spit as well as the distinctive smell of herbs.I wouldn't say Greek food is my favorite cuisine, but Kokkari executes everything perfectly. My boyfriend is partial to their wine, and it does pair really well with the meat. I think the best dishes are the lamb riblets, zucchini cakes with yogurt - so zesty! so crispy! - and their amazingly tender octopus. The roasted meat is so tender that it slips off their bones, and the lamb with orzo is flavorful in the most subtle way. Stay for dessert and try their famous baklava. You haven't truly tasted baklava until you've had homemade ones!
I've been wanting to go to Kokkari Estiatorio ever since I decided to move to San Francisco...mostly based on the amazing Yelp reviews. Finally after living here for almost exactly a year, I got the opportunity to try it out! I went with a group of 4 people. We made reservations about a month in advance. (Although I am not sure exactly far out they fill up!) When you walk in the restaurant you are transported to Greece. Okay, I have never actually been to Greece so I don't actually know what it's like...but the inside of this place is really awesome. The first thing you notice is a huge rotisserie where there is roasting meat on a spit.  The place is crowded, filled with happy people with amazing looking food on their plates. The service is impeccable. All the waitstaff is wearing shirts and ties and constantly moving to keep the 100+ diner's water glasses filled and the food coming.With your tape water they bring out some bread and delicious Greek olive oil. But don't fill up on that because you need to keep room for the real food! As a group we ordered the zucchini cakes (5/5, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside with an amazing yogurt mint sauce), octopus (4.5/5, very tender and flavorful, but the charred grilled flavor was a bit overwhelming), lamb tongue (4/5, very tender, mild lamb flavor). For the main course I ordered the lamb shank (4.5/5). It was a large portion, very tender and a delicious mild lamb flavor. It was served over a bed of orzo pasta with some myzithra cheese. The others got the goat stew special (5/5), fresh fish of the day, and lamb skewer. Everyone really enjoyed their food. Overall this was an amazing experience and I will definitely be going back!
The ambience was great! Nice interior decoration and service. However, the price was a bit too high. Food was good, but not as good as its price suggested...Wines were not limited to those on the menu -- you can ask for anything that's behind the counter even if it is not on the menu.
This is one of my favorite places in San Francisco. Everything I've ever had there has been absolutely first rate, along with the service as well. Tonight, we had ( I can't remember all of the Greek names... Sorry!) The fried cheese appetizer, absolutely perfect lamb chops,and goat stew (one of the specials.) Really, really good. Expensive, sure, but IMO worth it. Great wine list, attentive and knowledgeable server. Wish we lived closer.
Been on my SF list for some time now and I finally got to try it. After seeing this on the Yelp 100, it rose up on my list to try. Grilled Octopus - This was just delicious! They were very tender and had a great charred flavor. My only complaint was I wanted more. I wish I got the whole octopus.Lamp Chops - Ordered medium rare just like how I like my steaks. It came out perfect. I love the presentation of it. There's 3 chops and the meat was very tender and flavorful. I couldn't resist but pick the meat off the bones. It was served over their roasted potatoes.Rotisserie Duck - This was their special for the night. I was debating from their duck or chicken after seeing them roasting in the fire in the back. This was their take on a Peking duck. Half the bird was served over the roasted potatoes. It was very meaty and the flavor was spot on. They really pulled this off right.Baklava Ice Cream - Dessert... one of the most important parts of a meal. I was very excited to try this. They basically blend in baklava into the ice cream and put baklava honey over it. It came with three scoops. Great to share but I was tempted to just get my own.Parking in this area is generally hard to find but they do offer valet parking. I came here via muni so I didn't have a problem. The restrooms are downstairs and you have to take the elevator to get there. Service was amazing. I can't wait to come back to try their other dishes and of course get more octopus.
I have been wanting to go to this place forever! We had a friend in town last minute and tried to get a reservation, unfortunately the only thing available was a 5:30 reservation. Even though it was early I didn't want to pass it up. When we arrived the bar area was very crowded and impossible to get a seat. Luckily we got to sit at our table right away. We started with some wine and cocktails all of which were good but a little pricey in my opinion. We ordered a couple of dishes such as the stuffed octopus, the lamb meatballs, the duck ravioli, crme fresh ice cream with lemon puff pastry, and a pasta dish. My favorite was the stuffed octopus- I had NO idea this was going to be so delicious but the flavors worked together great! It was stuffed with feta cheese and had a citrus sauce and some sliced mandarin oranges. The flavors were GREAT! I would order this again for sure. The lamb meatballs were really delicious as well, the lamb was cooked perfectly and seasoned nicely and the sauce was really good. The duck ravioli was my least favorite dish I enjoyed the sauce and the duck but the deep fried (I think?) the ravioli and it had a crunchy texture. It was still good but not amazing. The dessert was delicious as well! The crme fresh ice cream was the most delicious thing I have had! Overall this was a great meal and I really enjoyed all the fun flavors and menu items makes me want to come back quickly. The only reason for 4 stars is that I thought it was quite pricey for the food especially the small quantity. Our server was also kind of rude he definitely had an attitude and I couldn't figure out why. Valet parking- 12$
Nice atmosphere, great staff! Enjoyed a wonderful meal of zucchini cakes, saghanaki*, grilled octopus*, spit-roasted lamb, a salad that involved ruby red grapefruit and rosewater, semolina custard* and doughnuts.*still dreaming about these dishes
Erik Cosselman is the Chef.He has very high standards. I went with him once to his organic lamb farm in Watsonville. He is also a farmer, so he can talk 'organic, sustainable farms'. and what he knew about the living animals was as impressive as what he can do in a kitchen... (lemon goat lung soup...OMG tremendous....a recipe he found in a 2,000 year old greek cookbook...Also you'll notice that the menu is seasonal only. if it's not in season in the bay area, you're not getting it.
I would have given this place a 3.5 star if yelp allowed it.Lamb chops - needed more seasoning- 3 star, Pork special- amazing- 5 star, octopus starters- the best melting in the mouth kind, that I have never had anywhere else - 5 star), Saganaki cheese-ok ok - 3.5 star,flourless dark chocolate cake-alright - 3.5 star, Rice pudding with poached pear- good 4starService - was alright(we were recommended the lamb chops, and the desserts which turned out to be okay okay)Ambience - was really good except for the 2 ppl seating arrangement sucked because the neighboring 2 ppl table was just 3 inches apart, and we had to listen to their whole argument the entire meal.
Such a lovely and warm experience! Our server was very knowledgeable and took the time to explain (and sometimes re-explain) what the dishes were like and what she recommended. Be warned, this is a classier restaurant than many restaurants in SF and there are a lot of people on fancy dates. With my date and I both being in sneakers, jeans, and a t-shirt, I really appreciated not being given any sort of side eye by any of the staff. When you are seated to your table, you can see the restaurant is very large but still homey, decorated with warm woods, a working rotisserie spit in a fireplace, oversized decorative loaves of bread, and cozy rugs on the floor. They offered to check my date's backpack as we were seated - a very kind service you don't see much in SF. The crispy duck ravioli had more of a kick to it than I was expecting, due to the paprika butter, and our server happily replaced it with a non-spicy plate. The lamb chops (the house specialty) had an amazing sear to it. Every dish was so fragrant in its spices and so flavorful. We ordered the branzino grilled with the sides of the oven roasted fish dish (the grilled fish normally just comes with swiss chard), but the oven roasted version comes with potatoes and onions. Thank you for being so accommodating to our substitutions! For dessert, we had the galaktoboureko, a warm semolina custard filled phyllo roll, served with creme fraiche ice cream and fresh figs. We also tried the Greek coffee and iced Greek coffee, both of which were very strong but smooth and flavorful! Overall, we had a very memorable and comfortable dining experience and we'll be back again for sure!
The Greek food here is so delicious that it's fit for the gods - Zeus, Athena, Apollo, Artemis...I bet even Ares and Hades would love it! The food here is really yummy - everything I've had here tastes so good. And you can tell because the restaurant is always packed and it's hard to get a reservation unless you call weeks in advance. This last time that I went, they had the goat stew as one of the specials. They don't have it all the time and our server said it was his favorite thing that Kokkari makes. I ordered that and it was DELICIOUS! I really liked it - the goat meat was very tender. There was also artichokes and feta cheese and underneath there was some very yummy orzo. I can see why the server likes this dish so much. I would totally order this again! We also ordered some appetizers, including the spanokopita, the lamb riblets, and the zucchini cakes. The lamb riblets were amazing - the meat fell right off the bone and was also really tender. I could just order like two or three orders of that by itself for a meal. The spanokopita was also really good and the zucchini cakes were the most delicious deep-fried vegetable patty things I've ever had. This is a fancy place - white tablecloths and servers with white button-up shirts - but it's not at all pretentious. The place is really big too - there's more seating at the back, past the kitchen. Oh, and the restrooms are downstairs and you have to take an elevator to get down there.
Excellent quality food and service. You cannot go wrong with the fish. Highly recommend the rotisserie chicken.Appetizers are outstanding we tried the lamb tongue that is a must.
This place is amazing! My friend and I shared six of the small plates and every single one that came out we claimed to be our favorite... Until the next one came, that is... We had the zucchini cakes, eggplant and artichoke skewers, Brussel sprouts, fried cheese, lamb meatballs, and tzatziki and pita. The tzatziki sauce is the best I've ever had! We finished it off with he Greek coffee and yogurt with dates and walnuts. No surprise-- the dessert was to die for!
For all true lamb lovers and don't mind spending a little more and who wants to treat their partner with the ambiance
Great food, great ambiance and great service. Came her for my both myself and my girlfriends birthday, we were a party of 4. Ordered the octopus, lamb chops, prosciutto, okra, baked feta, plus more and it was excellent. Our waiter Max was superb, thank you for the recommendations! Had a great sense of humor as well. We will definitely be back!
Met my wife there. But never mind that nonsense. The food is awesome!
In my opinion the best place in SF from top to bottom - drinks, apps, salads, entrees and sides. Service is always terrific though the people answering the phone can be a bit rude.
Great service!Food is sub par. Spinach pie was just ok. Octopus wasn't fresh. Salad was just so so.The grill chicken was so dry and Costco is better and didn't cost $28. Not sure if I would want to come back.The service was on point even though food not so much.I think it is over rated filled with expense report corporate diners.
Wow - this place is incredible! We held a business dinner here a few weeks ago and several of our attendees mentioned that Kokkari is the best place to dine in San Francisco...well, I am here to confirm they must be correct. We tried many different appetizers, salads, entrees and desserts and I was not disappointed by anything I tried - that is rare to love everything that is placed in front of you and this place surely delivers. Amazingly professional staff, great atmosphere and some of the best food in the city!
How have I not written a review for Kokkari before? I love this place!!! My favorite thing about this restaurant is the ambiance. It's the perfect candle-light dinner type of restaurant without the stiffness of most upscale restaurants. Also, the food is incredible! Must orders for me are: zuchinni cakes, bread with dipping sauces, lamb meatballs. We also tried an off menu special last night which was the pork sausage. Yum!!! It was fantastic. Entrees: I've tried quite a bit of dishes here and I do have to say, the home run for me is the goat stew. Holy COW. The goat is slow cooked to tender perfection and then its laid upon a bed of orzo. The flavors are really BOLD in this dish, you can taste the bay leaves, cardamom, cumin, etc. I am a fan! PS- this dish is not on the menu, but you can definitely ask for it :)Desserts: BAKLAVA ICE CREAM. Yup. There is such a thing! And it's homemade! They have actual baklava pieces mashed into the ice cream and it is FANTASTIC. The reason why i'm giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the dessert donuts. I was really excited to try this dessert, but it didn't deliver for me. It's waaayy too sweet and had too much syrup on it which made the donut a little mushy. I wouldn't get that again. Other than that, this place is a staple :) Keep doing what you're doing Kokkari!
Outstanding food & serviceVery hard to get a reservation, book early The meatballs and lamb chops were deeeee-lish
Kokkari has been on my list for some time, so I was delighted to finally have the opportunity to eat here. The restaurant is much larger than I expected, but this does not take away from the cozy, Mediterranean feel. As everyone seems to notice, the service is excellent! Very attentive and the recommendations were on point. As we were a larger party, we had the opportunity to try and share many of the dishes, but here are my favorites:Octapodaki tou Yiorgou- octopus can be a tough one (pun intended) if not prepared properly, but I was quite pleased that it was tender and cooked perfectly and with the lemon and olive oil, was refreshing and light.Garides Skordates - if you enjoy prawns, I highly recommend ordering this. Dip some bread in the remaining fresh tomato and garlic butter.Kolokithokeftethes-delicious zucchini cakes and yogurt dressing I plan on recreating at home. Psari Psito- the fish was flaky, moist, and seasoned perfectly.Arnisia Paidakia- lamb lovers beware. This will ruin you and you will not want to go anywhere else for lamb chops. There's a reason why this is their signature dish. The simplicity of the ingredients only adds to the flavor of this dish.Goat Stew- can't say that I remember having goat before, but when I return to Kokkari, I plan on ordering this, should it be one of the specials for the night. I love the combination of sweet and savory, and with the light cinnamon and tenderness of the goat, this was my absolute favorite of the night.
I'd heard of Kokkari, but once it was named #1 in SF by Zagat, I figured I should finally give it a shot. Turns out, I wasn't missing much.Our food tasted pretty good, but absolutely did not blow me away. Spanakopita and zucchini cakes were very good, but nothing you wouldn't find at a good Greek diner for a fraction of the price. The ravioli was okay, but the delicate squash and brown butter were overpowered by the unnecessary addition of feta.Dessert was the highlight. Flourless chocolate cake - rich, delicious, and somehow they managed to make it quite fluffy instead of the dense flourless cake you're used to. Baklava was just average, but the baklava praline ice cream that comes with it is divine.Even though we had a reservation, we had to wait nearly 20 minutes to be seated - and apparently so did everyone else, because the hostess was bombarded with complaints. Don't know if they overbooked or let in too many tables without a res, but they need to work that out.Finally, service was friendly enough but slow and spotty. It took forever to have our lunch order taken and another eternity to give our dessert order. Our waitress would just disappear for long periods of time.I don't see a reason to go back. Going to a hole-in-the-wall Greek diner would be a faster, cheaper, friendlier way to get my fix.
Kokkari has a beautiful, old-world and rustic vibe. The interior was decorated in earth tones with thick wood, exposed wooden beams, high ceilings, copper pots and brick walls. It was a nice treat to be seated with a full view of the wood-fire oven where a whole lamb and 1/2 dozen chickens were slowly roasting in the open fireplace. This place was great from start to finish. The food was creative while still retaining the classic feel of the cuisine generally and everything I had was absolutely tasty.Notables: Beet SaladSpanakopitaGrilled MeatballsLamb StewMousakaLamb ChopsWhile the venue was classy, the friendly service made one feel comfortable and relaxed. We were seated per our reservation promptly on arrival, the staff was courteous, knowledgeable and attentive and had great timing. Had an amazing dinner! Definitely recommend this place if you want good ambiance, delicious food and experience San Francisco dining at its finest!Tip: Request a table in the front room, near the open fireplace. Trust me, you will not regret it.
I have to agree with other Yelpers that the month long wait wasn't quite worth it.It's not that I didn't have a good time but I had to send back the silverware because it wasn't clean.Also when I was there I had to listen to the couple to the left of me having a loud argument. I shot a look to the waitress expecting her to a least keep in down.I mean this isn't a library but really!!
Incredible meal! We started with the pantzaria (roasted beets) and the soutzoukakia (grilled lamb meatballs), both of which were PERFECT. I'm fairly confident I could live on those two dishes for a year without getting sick of them.Next came the fakes... lentil soup. It was hearty and so perfect. I could probably also eat that daily without growing tired of it.For dinner I had the lamb skewer, which was so tender and not at all as overly rich as I find most lamb. My husband had the branzino, which he found light and tender. We went wild for dessert (it was my birthday) and got the baklava, the loukoumades (Greek doughnuts), and the sokolatina (chocolate cake). The only thing I could've done without is the chocolate cake. It was too chocolatey and not quite the right consistency for my taste. No bother... the other two desserts filled our dessert stomachs right up.For vino, we opted for the Hacienda Monasterio, Ribera del Duero. It was my first time trying this type of wine and I loved it.The ambiance is nice, but it seems like a place more suited for business dinners and big celebrations rather than for an intimate dinner for two. No bother. The food and the wine and the good company made for a fantastic evening.
We arrived half an hour early for our 10pm reservation. We availed of the $12 valet parking instead of going in circles looking for parking. I was sort of expecting five star service the moment we stepped in but the hostess was busy assisting the party ahead of us. It would have been better if she at least acknowledged us by smiling or nodding. As more people arrived crowding the entrance, additional personnel came to assist in checking people in. Everything went well from there.AMBIANCE: It's a good date place....there's a rustic elegance to it, very intimate.FOOD:Spanakotiropita - The best spanakopita I've ever tried. I loved that the phyllo crust was not too thick nor too greasy; it had the perfect ratio of spinach and feta.Marithes Tiganites - These crispy smelts were addicting! Garides sto Fourno - The wood oven roasted prawns with tomato and garlic butter was so good that even my tomato-hatin' husband was impressed. Portokalosalata - This is my type of salad because it doesn't have any greens :) I liked the mixed citrus but I wasn't a fan of the rose water.... it felt like I was eating from a bottle of perfume. My husband said it was like eating flowers. Nonetheless, we still finished the entire plate.  Arnisia Paidakia - The lamb chops were perfectly grilled. The meat was tender; there was no after taste. Lavraki - The grilled whole fish was also a winner. It was prepared simply yet expertly. Galaktoboureko - This semolina custard in film with blood orange spoon sweet and creme fruit ice cream is a must try! It was the perfect ending to a superb meal. I will return to Kokkari in a heartbeat for this dessert.  Glass of Cabernet - I'm no wine expert, but i did manage to enjoy a sip.Greek Coffee metro - My husband didn't care much for his coffee. Frappe coffee - I am not a coffee drinker, but I had to try it. I initially liked it, but I made the mistake of stirring it halfway through... it became too strong for my inexperienced coffee taste buds. SERVICE:The service could use some improvement. The appetizers arrived quickly but our entrees took forever.  We had to ask for our water glass to be refilled a couple of times. We had a hard time flagging down our server for the dessert menu. He should have offered us the dessert menu before he attended to a bigger party so that we could have placed our order by the time he was done with that party. But i'm already nitpicking. It was still, overall, good service. BOTTOMLINE: It's a must try!!! This is probably as good as it gets in terms of Greek cuisine in the Bay area.
I found Kokkari an extremely great place to eat...It has impeccable service and a value for its food. One of the best restaurants I have ever eaten....I have eaten there eleven times.
Every time people ask me for a good restaurant for a special event, Kokkari is always my first answer. It is a beautiful restaurant with delectable charm, stellar service, a warm and inviting ambience, and food that you will talk about for years to come. I still remember my first meal here like it was yesterday.APPETIZERSArnisia Plevrakia - grilled lamb riblets with lemon & oregano - I wanted to slap anyone's hands that came near this. So tender. So juicy. Seasoned perfectly. So so so good!Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirokafteri with housemade grilled pita - These were wonderful on the grilled pita or on... Kolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing - Another must try. It comes with two sizable pieces that you can cut up. I'm drooling just thinking about it.ENTREEPsari Psito - traditional grilled whole fish with horta & lemon- I've tried the bass and the fish that's similar to a snapper (I don't remember what it's called). You can have the main bone taken out, or the fish as a whole. Either way, it does take time to eat it, but savoring every bite is the best way to do it. Flakey, scrumptious, and so delicate.Kotopoulo Souvlas - lemon-oregano chicken roasted with baby leeks & Kokkari potatoes- Very succulent and juicy. Arnisia Paidakia - lamb chops grilled with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes- I'm not usually a lamb person. I have very sensitive taste buds and it's usually always too gamey for me. But every time I come here and try any lamb dish, I'm just simply in love with it. This particular dish was just spot on. Tender, juicy, delicious, and I didn't taste the gaminess of the lamb at all!DESSERTBaklava - Traditional walnut & honey baklava with vanilla-praline ice cream- Perfect way to end a perfect meal. Light and creamy and surprisingly not too sweet.We've also tried a couple of their specials that I cannot pronounce or even remotely remember what the spelling was. Either way, you just simply cannot go wrong with any of the choices. I must also mention the service is absolutely stellar. Our servers have always been very attentive and have wonderful suggestions. Our server even taught us how to say hello/goodbye/cheers in Greek (gei sou)! You genuinely feel like family when you dine here. I love every moment of it.Oh, and don't forget to snap a picture of the rack of lamb on the rotisserie in the fireplace when you first walk in :)Random note to self: Get a bottle of Schug (pinot noir) to pair with a heavier fish and a lamb dish. Compliments both perfectly.
Expensive, but worth it. Great service and food.
My friend and I managed to get reservations online the day of for 9:30pm. We had tried calling the weekend before, but the place was so busy no one even picked up the phone.For appetizers, we originally ordered the kalamata pita and the chicken livers, but ended up canceling the liver because they were marinated in yogurt (my friend eats kosher). We were waiting a long time for the pita to arrive, and it turns out they accidentally canceled both our appetizers. Our server was nice enough to ask them to make the pita dish and gave it to us on the house. Although by the time we got it, we already had our entrees so we were too full to eat it. My friend ordered the grilled fish and I ordered the lamb shank. Both dishes were really good! I could only finish half the lamb, and the leftover was enough to be my lunch the next day. We had the baklava ice cream and the rice pudding for dessert. We both enjoyed the ice cream, even if it was a little too sweet.
Holy amazing dinner. This place is fantastic. From the moment we walked in and our server, Chris, greeted us, I knew it was going to be good. He went on an on about the food and I could tell how genuinely excited he was about it. That's always a good sign. He was also very gracious in letting my friend and I have a long and leisurely dinner catching up without pressuring us about time at all. The atmosphere of the restaurant made you feel like you're part of a big family dining room, in a really inviting way. As for food, I had the zucchini cakes as an appetizer, the goat stew for an entree, which was incredibly. And the yogurt sorbet for dessert. Can't wait to go back! Get yourself there.
Zucchini Cakes - Fried really well to give them a really crunchy crust that contrasted with the soft interior. The stuffing was cheesy and gave the zucchini a richer flavor. Yogurt dressing was refreshing and helped round out the other rich and fatty flavors. Saghanaki - Delicious gooey pan fried cheese. It was salty and slightly sharp but generally pretty mild so it won't offend anyone. The crisp edges added more flavor and texture. Great on bread.Grilled Octopus - Grilled well, but I wasn't a fan of the texture. The way they prepared it made the octopus really soft. I think the natural springy texture of octopus is fun to eat so this didn't really do it for me. I guess softening up the octopus helps prevent the tough, rubbery texture when it's overcooked, but without the springiness, I thought it was kinda boring. An easy solution to this is to just not overcook the octopus. Then they won't need to soften it.Grilled Lamb Riblets - The lamb riblets were grilled well and had a flavorful sear. The execution was on point as the meat was tender but not to the point where it's meat mush. The meat held its structure but still slid off the bones easily. Goat Stew - The waiter described the stew being made with spices like nutmeg and allspice, but I didn't really taste much of that spice component. It still wasn't bad though. The goat was tender, and the cheese gave the stew more richness and aroma. The stew had enough basic seasonings like salt, but it would've been perfect if there were more of those warm spice flavors. Moussaka - Pretty good. I thought the stuffing of the moussaka had the warm cinnamon, nutmeg, and allspice flavors that were missing in the goat stew. The creamy bechamel helped layer out the flavors of the stuffing to make them more palatable and easier to enjoy. Grill Lamb Chops - Spectacular. The perfect sear gave them a smoky charred crust, and they had a beautiful warm red center. The simple seasoning brought out the best in the lamb, so it didn't need any fancy spices or anything. I was doubtful about the lamb chops at first, but now I see the light. Good job, Kokkari.
This is the best Greek food I've ever had, and I studied abroad in Greece. Make your reservations here as soon as you book your flight and your hotel room, and be willing to be flexible - you may have to eat at 6:30 or so but don't turn down a table. You'll thank me later. We started with a nice selection from the small plates menu: fried zucchini, fried cheese, and a hummus platter with a decadently fluffy pita I will spend the rest of my life trying to find. Save plenty of room in your carb budget for not only the pita but also the wonderful, freshly sliced bread with fresh olive oil. We also ordered the lamb meatballs, and I seriously could have eaten these items as my meal. If you're on a budget, I would still recommend giving this a try, especially if you're with other people. You can craft a nice little meal out of the small plates, get to try a lot of different flavors and order a glass of wine from the wonderful wine list. They do have a by-the-glass list, so don't let the big, beautiful, pricey list scare you away, or pick one of the lower priced bottles to share between you. We ordered the pork chop with potatoes, which a co-worker and I split after all the small plates (and bread) had been so filling. I was so glad I got to try one of the dishes they are most known for. Trust me, it did not disappoint. As you might imagine, the ambience, music, service, lighting, glassware, dishes, artwork - all of it was absolutely spot on. I loved the big square table that seated 8 of us comfortably and right in the center of it all. Despite my protest that I was full, some baklava appeared and I indulged in a bite or two. It was out of this world, a perfect end to one of the best meals I've ever had.
This is more of a 4.5 star restaurant, but Yelp sadly wants to limit me. Excellent service, delicious appetizers, and amazing entrees. Came here for a work lunch and it's a miracle that we're able to get a reservation for 10 people on-the-fly. This is a great place for an upscale dining experience. Highly recommended for business lunches or a date you really want to impress.
Truly phenomenal. How could Greek food ever taste THAT good? Oh boy, you're in for a big surprise.
I made the reservation two months prior to visting SF, but sadly this was the worst restaurant that I tried in SF. I went to Benu, Keiko a Nob Hills and Kusakabe while I was in SF and I was very satisfied with their foods. I understand that Kokkari is not a fine dining restaurant but I felt like this place is little overpriced. Foods were mediocre, and nothing really stood out. The restaurant maybe is good for locals but does not deserve a long trip to try.
Lamb riblets are nice and fall off the bone. Texture could have been more crunchy crispy. Watermelon salad was good. Baklava was all nutty - not enough of the layers of crispy honey pastry that you would expect. It was like a pecan pie. :(
A long-awaited trip that required a farther-out reservation than your average Michelin-starred French bistro, but wow, was it worth the exercise in patience!Kokkari is impossibly huge, probably the largest Greek restaurant I've ever eaten in. And yet, the service was impeccable, and we were lucky enough to have a seat near the kitchen, which kept the cold weather outside easily at bay. I was also impressed by the decor -- Efharisto! There was no "oh look, this place is Greek" blue-and-white everywhere. There was no silly breaking of plates. This was indeed fine Greek dining -- yes, it totally exists, contrary to most of what you find in America. Our non-Greek waiter was relatively new and learning, so I did have to put my orders in English, but he was apologetic and did ask me to pronounce the menu items in Greek so he could learn, so he gets credit for that.The wine list had us in fits because it was so hard to choose from a remarkable selection of domestic and European reds and whites. We actually ended up with an Oregonian Pinot of all things splitting the difference between my partner's Lamb Chop entree and my roasted chicken.For starters, we had the Saganaki, which when done properly, is a thing of beauty. No showy flambe here folks, just a well-seasoned piece of exquisite cheese pan fried and nicely garnished with a lemon in a piece of cheesecloth (nice touch -- why have I never thought of catching seeds that way?)We also had the Grilled Octopodaki (young octopus), which is a lot harder to find in the U.S. than Kalamarakia, and I personally like the taste and texture better. Again, a winner here.Our entrees were absolutely perfectly cooked and amazing. My chicken was so much a reminder of all the best food I had in Greece -- the simple stuff -- the not-so-fussy basic application of a few herbs and fresh ingredients. That, to me, is the embodiment of Greek cooking. The lamb was absolutely juicy and flavorful, and the portions were more than enough to accommodate the price tag.We finished with a not-too-sweet flourless chocolate cake, and then I snuck in a nightcap of 12-yr old Port, because seriously, why not at that point be a little stumbly on the way home from a marvelous evening. Bravo, Kokkari -- you have now earned second-place to Taverna Cretekou in Alexandria, VA as the best Greek restaurant in the U.S. -- and, first place for the coast I'm currently living on ;)
Kokkari made our trip to SF so much better!We got a reservation at 10pm, but our schedule ran a little ahead and we showed up at the restaurant an hour earlier. The hostess said no problem, and we were seated in just a couple minutes. As we were walked to our table.. I looked around and all I was thinking was.. how many tables were there? The restaurant was hugeeee!Ambiance was definitely romantic, perfect for dates for sure. The couple that was sitting next to our table were holding hands throughout the entire meal... omg... clear throat... Amazing food... good wine list... with a sommelier telling you all about Greek wineWineAplha Axia... tasted like cab.. went well with our foodOctopus, cooked with EVOO and salt, kinda bland IMOKolokithokeftethes, crispy zucchini cakes... really good, must order. They slice thin layers of zucchini to make a cake, very fresh with a nice crunch on the outsideManti - lamb ravioli / dumplings. Delicious., flavorful, never had something like this before. You will have to try it!!Moussaka - meat pie... a more popular dish for Greek places... deliciousKataifi - dessert... layers of custard and stuff that look like cheese (but no cheese) bonus point for not being to sweetJust recommended this place to a friend of mine going to SF next week!!PS.. make sure you check out how to make the Greek coffee on the burning sand by the kitchen... my first experience watching it. Very impressive!!
I was excited about trying this place, ever since it has been on my bookmark for ages and when I heard that reservations were made,...Time to go!Entering Kokkari, was like entering a dimly lit and intimate dining affair. With a living room setting, extended room in the back place and a rotisserie oven on public display (that night was roasted duck), the ambiance was romantically undeceivable!It was a lamb theme that night when ordering, indecisively. Lamb riblets, lamb casserole and lamb chops. Everything was lamb besides the red wine, sparkling San Pellegrino water and scrumptious dessert, Kataifi! Their lamb riblets were commendably tender and falling off the bone! Use the oil that's flavored with the tasty lamb riblets, as a dipping sauce with the complimentary bread! Lamb casserole was hearty, but I think it could have been substituted with something better. Their lamb chops passed - cooked as I wanted, medium rare and tasted nice. I've had better spiced and flavored up lamb chops before. Of course, red wine was ordered to compliment the tasting of lamb.What caught me off by surprise, which was recommended well by our server who spoke Greek fluently, was their Kataifi as dessert! It was delightfully moist and custard-like with every bite. Topped with crushed pistachios, Kataifi ended my palate with a sweet finishing touch!Kokkari exudes this charming aura in its atmosphere and it was a great dining experience to relieve a long working weekday in the Financial District area!
Earlier this year, while cleaning out my closet I found a receipt for Kokkari in one of my coat pockets. The receipt was from 1999 and was greyed and brittle with age, but the memories from that dinner--and several others I've had there throughout the years--are still vivid. A sign of a great dining experience is how long it stays with you (I mean the memories, not the bad taste when you burp). When I found that receipt I hadn't been back to Kokkari in 10 years or so, and I vowed to visit it again. Which I have--thrice--in the last six months. What I learned from the recent visits is that the place has remained consistently outstanding all these years. There's really nothing to complain about. The service, food, and ambiance are fantastic. Every time. The food follows the philosophy I've heard from so many top chefs; good ingredients, simple preparation, executed flawlessly. You won't find any freeze-dried foamy things on your plate; let the hipster foodies eat that crap. My favorites are the fish specials (perfectly grilled with a squeeze of lemon and a side of braised greens), the grilled octopus starter, the baked feta (surprisingly mild and creamy), the zucchini cakes, the Saghanaki (pan fried Kefalotiri cheese; it's amazing) . . . I could go on but you're probably getting bored just reading the list. Not a fan of Greek/ Mediterranean food? No worries. Neither is my wife, but Kokkari's translation of Greek food is totally accessible, yet still true. Easily one of my top three favorite restaurants in SF, and I've lived in or near SF for 25 years. If you don't have a wonderful dining experience here, you're just not trying.
The place is beautiful and the food elegantly presented. The whole grilled fishes are especially tasty. The table service was good but I took a star away because the front house hostess was snobby and rude. I didn't appreciate the attitude upon arrival. I almost said something to the restaurant manager but I didn't want to be bothered with her issues.
Having read the reviews before having dinner at Kokkari, it really upsets me to have to give it 3 stars.There are two sections of the restaurant (the front and the back). The front is a lot quieter, a lot more romantic and looks really nice. The back (where we were seated) was a lot louder, a lot more people, really close the kitchen (which I hate) definitely nothing intimate about sitting at the back, the tables for two are really close together (I may as well be having dinner with the couple next to me). So before you continue, this review is based on a couple who don't eat meat, so if you eat meat, you probably should read some of the meat reviews :) The vegetarian options are pretty limited. I was actually quite full, so didn't go for a main (which there was only one... pasta ravioli). I had the courgette cakes (frankly, I've had better), and I can't even remember what the other dishes were, but they were quite uninspiring. The ravioli in one word - meh. I prefer my own ravioli. I have been to a dozen Greek/Turkish restaurants in London which were by far much cheaper than this restaurant, and were a lot better. This really is only a mediocre restaurant compared to others. The biggest disappointment for me was the baklava (OMG there is nothing more I enjoy on this earth). The baklava was super dry. I was pretty mad at this point, because my expectations were so high. I ended up sending it back :( the manager came to talk to me after, but after telling him my thoughts, he had nothing to say, so although he may have meant well, he never said anything. Overall - just an ok evening - nothing to write home about. Just an overpriced meal.
This restaurant has consistently well-executed food. Around the holidays it is particularly cozy and sparkly with lovely decorations. Service is a bit flat at times, but there's heart to the whole operation.
Walked by this place a while back, and when I finally had the chance to go, I couldn't contain my excitement.Right of the bat, I knew I wanted the lamb chop, and for darn good reasons. It was to die for. Literally an orgasm in my mouth...HA! TWSS,Anyways. 5 stars because prices were affordable; and I loved every appetizer dish I had, and I had at least 5. I wish I could remember what I got, but I can't so you'll just have to try for yourself. The service here was awesome. Dude really knows his ish - down from the types of wine to the nitty gritty of each dish on the menu. Definitely recommended. :)
Great food, just like my yia-yia made. Well not as traditional but it's good for a meal that caters to the masses. My review might be biased because I would give anyone a 5 star review for selling a plate of feta.
Wow wow wow! This has to be the best restaurant in SF.. We came here last night and had the best Greek meal ever. We started with the meatballs and grilled octopus and then had the zucchini fritters, goat stew and duck meatball pasta. We had a great bottle of Cabernet suggested by our amazing server. Everything was very flavorful and rich, we were amazed with every bite. We almost came here again for our second night in SF!!!
Really nice enjoyed my night here ... Great med food Had to sit at bar Tough to get table but worth it
I was delightfully surprised to be taken here for my birthday lunch by my boyfriend. We ordered so many things: the baked feta= outstanding. Shrimp= perfect. Octopus: very tasty (and I don't really like octopus). Tzatziki = couldn't stop eating it. Lamb Slovaki = best lamb I've ever had. The bulgar salad w currants was so delicate and amazing... I could go on. The ambiance is fantastic and I WILL be going back!
GET THIS:Kolokithokeftethes. Crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressingOctapodaki tou Yiorgou. Grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oilPear and arugula saladArnisia Paidakia. Lamb chops grilled with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoesYiaourti me Meli. Greek yogurt with spiced walnuts & dates drizzled with Marshall's honeyAnother great experience at Kokkari. This place is warm and comfortable, while being the kind of place that makes you want to dress up a little bit. It's big, but the layout with personal lamps makes it feel cozy. The food is spectacular and the service is attentive, friendly, and top-notch.
So I ended up here on a whim as part of an executive team doing a dinner here. The restaurant is in a neat little area of town, by the bay bridge and piers. The inside is gorgeous, woodsy, rustic, and plain beautiful!We were attended to by a wonderful wait staff, extremely friendly, constant refills, and good humored.We started with some deep fried "squash bread" which was crazy delicious and perfect with the Greek yogurt sauce.We each picked some appetizers for our mains, I got the lamb meatballs (aghhhh SO GOOD), and a deep fried fish meal (wonderfully tasty with some fresh lemon).The food was outstanding and I ended the meal with a Turkish coffee (medium sweet). Which was crazy good (great flavor).The prices were reasonable and it appears to be a happening spot around town! Go here, you won't regret it (or maybe you will, either way, I loved it!)
I've been here a few times for work lunches. It seems to be hard to get into, if you have more than 2 people and you don't have a reservation you're probably not getting in. With that said, the food is good. I usually try to get the special.I also really like the saghanaki, it's a fried cheese appetizer. I'm a sucker for cheese really...I did however have to send back my lamb chops once, for being really undercooked. Other than that, I've enjoyed everything else I've tried here.
Excellent meal, but at a costly price. The house special of the day was a rotisserie goose that absolutely melts in your mouth. The best dish on the menu was the seared lamb chops, but many many dishes were not far behind at all. The appetizers are amazing and the wine selection was phenomenal. The charred octopus and the zucchini cake appetizers were both stunning. For dessert the baklava is a must in all situations. All in all this restaurant is absolutely amazing and I would recommend it to everyone.
Another example of a location, location, location restaurant.Just ok, food! Not good not bad just OK.Service tries to be upper class but fails at execution.Lunch for two $180.00 including tip. Although one of the few SF establishment that does not charge their guest for SF health mandate. (Well at least not on the guest-check anyway.)Won't be returning there are many other choices out there in SF.
The moussaka is outstanding, the riblets are good, as are the smelts (the garlic/potato dip is really good). Excellent service, beautiful restaurant.
I don't even have words to praise Kokkari. I just loved this place and I can go here any number of times without getting bored. Everything here is awesome, be it ambiance, food or people. We went here on Friday evening around 5 without reservation but luckily got seats in bar. This was my first time I went here and never realized that it can be this busy. If you want to go with reservations do it 3-4 days before going.We got served by Fatah, he was very hospitable and amazing. We listened to his advice for ordering food and all the food was amazing.We started with Gigantes which was perfectly cooked and perfect in taste. Then we had Saghanaki which is pan fried cheese it was amazing. For main course we had ravioli and it was so so. We have vegetarian constraint so couldn't try much. For dessert we went with Fatah's advice don't know the name but it was perfect.In all total this place is one of the must must visit if you are in SF.
Food and atmosphere were great! Tried to call for a reservation night of and earliest we could get was 9:45p. Ordered the octopus and the roasted brussel sprouts to start. Octopus wasn't the best I've ever had but flavor was good, the roasted brussel sprouts were amazing. We decided to split the lamb chops, and upgraded to get a 4th chop. Amazing amazing amazing. The dish was perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. Price points were high but worth it. Would recommend and will def be going back.
Elegant place for dinner with fantastic food. The zucchini cake is a must try and the desserts are fantastic also. The portion sizes are very generous and the staff is very attentive and friendly.
The ambiance at koakkari was lovely. There was a rustic , yet classy feel. The lighting was dim and their exposed kitchen and bread making made the restaurant very intimate. Service was excellent- the wait staff was kind and attentive, and there was a constant flow of food hitting the table. We ordered all starters:Zucchini cakes- amazing, best choice of all of lunch. So light and came with a creamy balancing dipping sauce. Dolmades- heavy on the grape leave and the rice was a bit overcooked. But the olive oil was incredible.Baked feta- INCREDIBLE. Lightly citrusy and so flavorful. I would order it w/o the bell pepper. Tzatiki- lovely. Comes with pickled veggiesFavosalata- don't order this spread. It tastes like a super bowl sunday jalapeo dip.
Good meal..... enjoyable experience thank you to my son for the nice treat!!! Most enjoyable..
Service is excellent. The staff is very attentive . Food came out on time and was delicious , as expected, will come again and bring friends. Try the ribeye steak and share it. It's 22 ounces of gastronomical bliss.
Is there a button for a 6th star?Went for a late lunch the other day with friends, lucky to get a last minute table ('cuz we couldn't get one at Slanted Door). Lucky us.First off the ambience is very classy without coming across as elitist or stuffy. Every single one of the staff is the very definition of professional -- most so our waiter.[aside: why is it that so many restaurants today, regardless of what city they are in, land up (or perhaps plan to be?) in one of two undesirable categories: those that seem to go out of their way to ooze pretention to the point of condescension, having no comprehension of the concepts guest, hospitality, or even basic respect -- though the food is often, if not always good. And then those who hire and tolerate wholly incompetent staff who like to remind you that they are something better than a service employee and can't be bothered to try better -- while still expecting a generous tip. But I digress].Kokkari is proudly neither. Truly a gem. The waiter took his time explaining the menu, the daily specials, and took an extra pleasure in helping each of us choose just the right items (even if we couldn't pronounce them). The clincher for me, as I had expressed a passion for lamb and this being only the third day of spring, was when I was tentatively offered the dinner-only Kokinisto me Manestra, a braised lamb shank with meat that quite literally fell off the bone. He had to confirm with the chef, who gratefully agreed, and I ended up with the best piece of lamb I've ever eaten in my life. And likely will never experience again short of returning to Kokkari.The Spanakotiropita and Zucchini Cake appetizers almost defy definition. What is the next up category from OMG!? And the crusted fresh bread was almost a meal in itself. The wine list takes comprehensive to a new level as well with enough to challenge your favorite self-ascribed sommelier.The prices, while not every day dining for most of us, are very reasonable considering what you get in return. Not an experience to be missed.
I came here with a friend, and I can see why this place is popular. There was a huge crowd waiting to get tabled, and we were lucky enough to be seated fairly quickly. I think the appetizers are the main selling points here. We tried many appetizers, but the fried smelt is definitely a must try (if you like fishy taste). Other appetizers we tried were octopus, kalamari, and different spreads that came with bread. All of those were also really good. The main dish is large enough to share with two people, so you can share and enjoy an evening of fine dining exchanging dishes.
The food was good, service was great, and the atmosphere was warm and inviting. We tried lots of different things including the spread plate (delicious), fried cheese (one of my favorites!), octopus, and the complimentary bread with olive oil. All were really good. I had the moussaka which was very rich so I was glad it was in a smaller dish. The lamb was really nice! My only complaint was that I find the prices not justified for the type of food (kind of like paying fancy prices for Mexican food when most times the simpler authentic stuff is the best) but I am glad I tried it!
Kokkari, up until recently, was like a unicorn. Everyone talks about its magic, and people have had experiences, but I personally had not yet experienced anything except hearsay.That all changed when I was graciously taken to a work lunch here, where I got a sampling of their appetizers, and one of the BEST lunches I've ever had when it ended with the the lamb chops. To share, we had the Baked Feta, Zucchini Cakes, Spanakotiropita, Calimari, Brussel Sprouts, and Lamb Riblets. Out of everything, I definitely liked the Brussel Sprouts and Zucchini Cakes the best!Let's get on to what's more important: the lamb chops. I'm normally not a huge lamb fan; in fact I almost never order it. When I told my fiance I was headed to Kokkari, the first thing he told me was: If you don't get the lamb chops, you'll a) be wasting your time with whatever else you get, and b) will experience the biggest FOMO of all time. Pretty compelling argument, don't you think? I'm so glad I took his advice, the lamb was likely one of the best things I've eaten, and for it to come at a lunch meal, completely blew me away. While you're only given 2 chops, they are cooked to absolute perfection. It's soft, tender, and seared perfectly on the outside. So, as words of advice: Get the lamb chops or go home. You will definitely not regret it.
If I only lived in San Francisco! Greek food is always one of my top choices, so when a group of coworkers and I were on a business trip in SF, first thing on my agenda was to find some great eats for the evenings. I stumbled upon Kokkari Estiatorio (here on Yelp, of course), and persuaded my colleagues to join me in trying it on a Saturday night. When we arrived, all 4 of us were blown away by the interior (and we all felt a little under-dressed); low lighting, big rustic chairs, and a bustling crowd of good-looking people seemed to fill the room. At first, the hostess told us we'd have quite a wait; but then, they pulled a few strings and got us a table after only 15 minutes. The service and food were equally wonderful. Our group of ladies did a family-style dinner and everything we ordered was amazing. The server we had was warm, funny, attentive, and knowledgeable on the wine list and ingredients in the food. I plan on visiting this place each time I'm in SF; it's gotta be on my top 10 restaurants, for sure.
This place has over 3000 reviews! There must be a reason why, so I came here to give it a try. My oh my, was it delicious =PMade reservations almost 3 weeks in advance. Came here on a Monday night and it was still packed with people. Our server was super attentive and gave great recommendations. My fave from the three appetizers was Arnisia Plevrakia the lamb riblets. For entree I ordered a fish special they had but I kind of wish I ordered their lamb chop. The Galaktoboureko was the perfect dessert to end the night. Out of the three we ordered it was my fave. It reminds me of an apple pie except it had a custard filling. I can't wait to be back to try their lamb chop!
Eh I've been coming here for years. I fly out from LA every year for the food show. I made a reservation for 6 for this coming Sunday the 1/17 and they said that my reservation is for 5. I was told by the employee "our reservation bookers rarely make mistakes".... Sure let me tell my client you can't come to dinner because the restaurant messed up on our reservation and does not want to fix it. Thank you.
Went to this place with very high expectations since it is one of the highest Zagat rated restaurant. The food was mostly amazing. The only letdown was the baked feta which was over seasoned and way too salty. It was inedible. The zucchini cakes and the lamb were excellent. The waiter recommended the semolina custard in filo pastry for dessert. He was right. It was heavenly! The service was excellent as well. My husband loved the greek coffee.
I was lucky to get a reservation at this hot spot for lunch. The resturaunt itself is gorgeous. We got the best seat in the house in front if he hearth and watch the pork on the spit roast for that night's dinner. Our server Jeff was incredibly charming and knowledgable of the menu. He was extremely helpful and diligent about my sons' food allergies. The ingredients were fresh and of great quality. I did find a hair in my food which they were extremely embarrassed about which is why I can't give this spot 5 stars but the food and service was outstanding.
I'm a little conflicted about this place pretty much on everything.Service - slow but our server and everyone else was pretty nice.. it took a long time for our server to greet us.. didn't come around to check on us very much during our dining experience.. even the bill took forever.. but as the conflict.. he was super friendly and likeable.. but we did feel very neglected throughout the entire time we were there.. we also did arrive there at 545 so it wasn't that busy yet..Food - everything tasted amazing with initial bites.. lamb belly, grilled octopus, grilled sole and rotisserie goose were all amazing.. I loved the lamb belly especially.. however I did start feeling greasy and gross halfway through each dish.. the lamb belly was understandable since it was after all fatty belly..but the other dishes were the same as well.. I didn't feel like the goose meat was that fatty when I was eating it but I still felt the same halway thru..I think most of the dishes did get drown with a lot of olive oil... Which was by itself had really good taste BTW.. again another conflict.. I'm not sure if the food was really the one that made me icky and gross or the atmosphere..My biggest complaint.. it got really smoky and greasy in there.. all my clothes were stinky and gross when I got home.. i had to jump into the shower as soon as I got home cause everything just felt and smell oily.. Overall I thought it was good but for a sort of fancy place.. I think they definitely need to do a way better job
Great food, very nice atmosphere and good service! I will recommend everyone to try it out!
Fabulous! Our best experience in SF! We were treated to one of the cozy booths near the front windows. I would recommend for parties of two! Our server was fantastic! He was extremely pleasant and made killer recommendations. We started with the stuffed grape leaves and zucchini fritters...both delicious. I am (originally) from a part of Pittsburgh that boasts excellent Lebanese and Greek restaurants, so I am a particularly tough critic when it comes to grape leaves. These were some of the best I've had. Not to mention the mint/dill yogurt that comes with the zucchini appetizer would be good on ANYTHING! My husband had the lamb shank and ignored me for 20 minutes while he devoured it. Best thing he ate in SF, he says. I had the Bronzino. It was PERFECT. The flavors were light and fresh and the crispy skin was to die! Dessert was a layered "cake" with shredded filo, semolina custard, creme fraiche, and pistashio. Could have eaten mountains of it! This place is a MUST TRY! Will definitely return!
With 3000+ reviews and an overall 4.5 stars, Kokkari has been on my bookmark list for awhile. Finally decided to get a reservation and went on a random Tuesday night earlier this month. Like many reviews have mentioned, the service was impeccable, i wish i got remembered our waiter's name but he was a delight.Now onto the food.. My friend and I decided to first start off with the very popular Zucchini cakes with yogurt dressing, one of their specials- duck wrapped in grape leaves, grilled octopus, and pan fried Kefalograviera cheese. (I know, we ordered a lot of appetizers.. heh heh) The octopus was the only dish i would order again. For the entrees, we shared the lamb chops and lamb casserole. Both were delicious but not amazing. The lamp chops were cooked to medium rare perfection, with every bite full of flavor.At this point, I'm incredibly stuffed. But we wanted to try their baklava with ice cream. wow, the baklava was way too sweet.  Overall, the whole experience was OK.
Whatever we ordered was ok, not delicious - not horrible, but just ok. Guess I had very high expectations from this place. Service was good though.
We just had a wonderful dinner at Kokkari. The food, which was a set menu, was unbelievable. Our server, Jason, was incredible. He was knowledgable, helpful, and good natured. Everything could not have been better. Highly recommend.
Great Place, great food, awesome wine selection, great service.
Very good but extremely busy! Came with my partner and enjoyed the Goat stew and Moussaka... Omg... So good!! Who would have thought that eating your childhood favorite "Billy Goat Gruff" would knock your target socks off!?!??? Our sever, tall greek guy was great and super sweet, he toyed with us because we were a bit lit from the wine, and he made us laugh. Overall, this is a great place to dine with a bunch of friends or family.
this was actually my first time at kokkari, even though i've been to evvia a million times. i got the same things i always get - the dips, zucchini cakes, gigantes, and whole grilled branzino w/ greens.for dessert, we got yummy donuts w/ honey and powdered sugar, as well as a special cake which had a philo crust, creme fraiche, yogurt, etc.
Came here by recommendation. I normally don't order the top sellers but in this case I must say the grilled octopus as a starter + lamb chops as entree + any dessert and coffee is a sure bet. Enjoy!
This is hands-down my favorite restaurant I've ever been to. The service is always excellent. The food is incredible...every time. I highly recommend Kokkari! Enjoy! PS...get the saganaki! Theirs is the best I've ever had!
This was our first dinner stop of our visit to San Francisco and it will be tough to top! Our server, Michael, was attentive, personable and knowledgable and made the experience wonderful. All of the staff was friendly and welcoming. The food...the lamb shank was amazing. Fall off the bone tender, succulent, well seasoned. Delicious. The tomato and feta salad was fresh, simple perfection. Everything was amazing. Top notch restaurant, I hope the others on our trip can measure up!
I am not sure how to describe Kokkari's. It's highly rated if not number one ranked in the city. We were able to get reservations for 6pm. Its a formal place -- perhaps too formal for us. Wait staff was impeccable in knowledge and in giving recommendations. We had a few small plates and then entrees. All were good. I didn't find them great.
Elegant atmosphere, delicious food, comfortable setting. A friend invited us to brunch here. It gets pretty packed so she made reservations ahead of time. We were a group of four and they sat us comfortably at a table in the corner. The service was impeccable and the food was amazing. I wasn't as hungry as the others so I had a few appetizers as meals. I had the dolmathes and spanakotiropita and both were very good. I also tried the branzino someone ordered for the table and that was also delicious. We had a nice time here and will definitely return when we visit San Fran again.
3 stars for the main course, ambience and service. 4 stars for the appetizers and dessert.The ambience including candlelit tables and low noise levels make it nice for a romantic (but expensive) date. I will go back just for the galaktoboureko, and while I am at it, maybe just stick to the appetizers and skip the maincourse like I saw a few other people do.
This is my second time trying out the tastes of the restaurant, the first was at it's sister location in Palo Alto called Eviva. Came here on a Sunday night after a comedy how and was looking forward to good food. The waiter was very friendly. We ordered the tempura squash flower, which was just okay. Also, from last time I really loved the cucumber yogurt dip. I asked for it on the side, and the waiter suggested to get it with pita ($8). I sprang for it, and it was good, and decided to save most of it to go. For my entree I got the roast chicken, and it was hugeee. It was a big portion and very good. I do wish it came with a side salad or something, it was a big chunk of protein. I also tried the lamb from my husband's plate, that was delicious too.Now the next day, I opened up my packed leftovers and they didn't pack the yogurt dip. I was sooooo disappointed. I had specifically saved it, and they included the left over pita but not dip.
After a lifetime of worshipping the ground that John Stamos walks on, it's official-- I finally have a hot Greek boyfriend.Prior to dining at Kokkari Estiatorio, my only familiarization with Greek food was Daphne's Greek Cafe, which is probably the equivalent of Jollibee to Filipinos or Taco Bell to Mexicans. I know, shame on me.After a Saturday evening of golf & drinking, the bf said he wanted to give my palate a tour of his country and suggested we eat at Kokkari. Leave it to two drunk lovers to think we could easily get a table at one of San Francisco's most popular restaurants on a weekend. This place is PACKED. To give an idea of how busy they are, we couldn't make a reservation until the following Sunday at 9:30pm... because someone cancelled.Needless to say, this place does not disappoint. We were seated next to the fireplace-looking rotisserie of a dimly lit, intimate room. Add a bottle of red wine, and boom-- instant romance. To start, we ordered the housemade grilled pita bread and chose tzatziki, melitzanosalata (eggplant), and taramosalata (carp roe) as our spreads. It came with dolmathes (stuffed grape leaves), kalamata olives, and pickled vegetables. While tzatziki is definitely one of the most popular Greek dips, I liked the taramosalata the most because it had a very rich, almost caviar-like flavor. We also ordered the grilled octopus, spanakotiropita, saghanaki (pan-fried cheese), and lamb riblets. The octopus was deliciously seasoned and was very refreshing when paired with the other savory appetizers. The spanakotiropita was a perfect, flaky crisp of spinach and feta goodness, and the fried cheese had a delectably salty yet lemony note to accompany its gooey richness. He must have been REALLY excited to introduce me to Greek food because we ordered so much food for two people. I don't know if the waitress forgot our lamb riblets or she just noticed that I was huffing and puffing to finish the appetizers, but I was actually thankful that they didn't come out because I was incredibly full and we still had lamb chops coming. We really must eat with our eyes though because I saw those beautiful, medium rare lamb chops and started drooling again. They were tender and mouthwatering, and they instantly became my favorite part of the meal.Of course there's always room for dessert, so we ordered the galaktoboureko, aka filo-wrapped semolina custard. It was a delightful union of textures and flavors with the flakiness of the filo, the smoothness of the custard, and the crunchy-creaminess of the pistachio ice cream. It was the perfect ending to an already beautifully executed meal.I'm now a firm believer that everything Greek is awesome. I would definitely recommend this restaurant, and I'm already craving for my next visit.
Let me start off my saying that it's been a long time since I've food orgasmed this hard.My boyfriend and I live a few hours apart. While the distance is sometimes rough, I don't think our relationship had truly been put to the test until we came to Kokkari. We started off with the zucchini cakes and the octopus appetizers. Both were good, but not significantly better than anything we've had at similarly priced restaurants. We did enjoy dipping our bread in the leftover olive oil from the octopus though. We decided on two different entrees. I ordered the lamb chops and he got the rotisserie special for the day (pork on this particular day). This is when our love was put to the test. We normally order two different entrees, eat half, and then trade. He started in on his pork, and several bites later decided it wasn't anything special and was ready to trade. The problem was that my lamb chop was out of this world good. Did I love him enough to surrender half of the best lamb I've ever had for some mediocre slices of pork? This is a guy I've dated for a few years too. Could I look deep into my heart and muster up enough love to give him half? No. No, I couldn't. I did love him enough to give him a third though. I watched as he put the lamb in his mouth and melted into his chair with how delicious it was. Then I watched as he was hit with waves of regret over his comparatively poor entree choice. The pork was flavorful around the edges, but lacked any notable flavors towards the middle. I started in on the rest of the lamb as he watched me with forlorn eyes from across the table. As he watched, he told me that he would even happily and shamelessly take the bones when I was done. At that point, I was overcome with pity for him and let him have the rest. I guess I really do love him. If anyone ever asks you what true love tastes like, it tastes like Kokkari's lamb chop. As delicious as the lamb was, it was still not the cause of the intense and repeated food orgasms we had. Those came with dessert.For dessert, we decided upon the the baklava ice cream (pagoto baklava), and the galaktoboureko (semolina custard wrapped in filo dough with a side of pistachio ice cream). The waiter had recommended the galaktoboureko saying that it was the best dessert he'd ever had. I normally don't like to hype things up because it generally leads to disappointment, but this is a dessert I am unafraid of declaring as one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. I think it'll live up to the hype. My boyfriend was lucky I gave him half before I tasted it because I don't know if I could've done it afterwards. I might've loved him enough to give him half of the lamb, but I don't know if I could love anything or anyone enough to willingly part with half of this dessert again. Baklava ice cream was also delicious. Order both if you have stomach space for it, but if you can only choose one, the galaktoboureko is hands down the better choice. Reservations are available one month in advance of your desired dining date. While this appears to be a popular place to eat out, getting a reservation here does not require you to be sitting at your computer at an ungodly hour to grab a spot as soon as reservations are released like at a certain other popular dining establishment. It can accommodate way more people than other places I've been to in SF. It's a beautiful restaurant. While our table was close enough to another couple that we could've passed as one party of 4, I enjoyed the decor and the giant cushioned chairs. It felt like I was having dinner in the lobby of a classy hotel. Price: Zucchini cakes were $10.75. Octopus was $15.50. Appetizers in general run from $8 to $15.50. Lamb chop was $42. The rotisserie special pork ended up being $32. Entrees range in price between $22 to $49. Ice cream was $8 and the food orgasm inducing galaktoboureko was $9. Final bill before tip was included came out to be $127.51.
Kokkari - you never disappoint! I love this place. If you want quality food, authenticity, great ambiance and an unforgettable experience....make sure to visit this place. You won't get a last minute reservation here so make sure to plan ahead or come in early enough for a bar seating....there is a reason why it's always full. Kali Orexi!
I had a fantastic evening here. Our waiter was attentive and informative, and the food was great.Grilled octopus with lemon: very flavorful and tenderPita with eggplant spread: loved the spread, it was so goodArugula salad: tasty but not too specialGrilled fish with horta and lemon: I chose a sea bream, and the fish was perfect. Soft and flaky pieces, with the lemon as the perfect flavor for it. Baklava: came with two pieces with a scoop of ice cream, so perfect to share. I was expecting it to be very sweet, based on other experiences with baklava, but was pleasantly surprised it wasn't overly so.Sketo Greek coffee: similar to Turkish coffee, thick black and bitter, with the grounds still on the bottom. Paired perfectly with the baklava.One thing to note, I had to book a reservation three weeks in advance to find an opening for an early Friday night.
Just made a reservation for our anniversary and had to add a review for my favorite restaurant. The food just impeccable - I have never had anything I did not absolutely love!!! Hubby loves the meat that they cook on the huge fire a you enter. I usually get a couple of starters instead of a main ( they look great too). I can not go there without getting the zucchini cakes and Melitzanosalata & Taramosalata. Enjoy!!! And make a reservation early!!! We like to go on a weeknight early so we can take the ferry from Marin.
Had lunch here today...and have been here several times for lunch and dinner. Becoming an icon in the hood. Food is always superb. Nice wine-by-the-glass selection Nd even better-by-the-bottle. Wait staff and bar tenders: very attentive, friendly and knowledgeable Ambience: perfect!
Truly a delicious meal. Everything was made perfectly, and the service was wonderful. Definitely hope to be back
All of my coworkers really enjoy this place because we who doesn't love a delicious work lunch or dinner. I had never been here but was finally able to join in on a lunch with a client recently. We ordered some appetizers for the table to share: Saghanaki, Tzatziki, and Favosalat. The two dips came with this delicious homemade pita bread. The tzatziki was just so fresh and light. The favosalat was different, not exacly like hummus, but similar texture. It was different and delicious. The Saghanaki is this fried piece of cheese that was delicious. Apparently based on conversations from one of my partners, in some places, the cheese actually comes to the table flaming! Unfortunately, they don't allow it at that restaurant. I ended up getting the lamb since I had heard it was delicious. At lunch, it's two chops, but it's PLENTY of food. Really deliciously seasoned, and by the end of it, I was so impressed! The other time I've had Kokkari food, I ordered something to eat back in the office. I got the zucchini cakes. It comes with this great cucumber & mint yogurt dressing. I drenched my cakes in that cucumber mint yogurt dressing. I think I would put it on all mediterranean foods. The zucchini cakes were made with some feta I think which made it really crumbly, but also good. Protip: Yes, you can get things to go. Sometimes they will forget you, but it's okay. they'll make your food quite quickly and are really nice about it.
Wonderful! A real treat. Unique food, excellent service, very cozy ambiance even though the ceilings are high and the restaurant is seems to go on endlessly. The octopus was delightful, the moussaka a treat (if not a little rich) and the chicken and lamb were terrific. A bit tough to get a reservation at a reasonable time and street parking might be tough on a busy night, but definitely worth a look. The enormous rotisserie in the front of the restaurant is intense, but it looks pretty appetizing at second glance.
Food is awesome but more than that what we loved is the service from Majid. He will make you feel special. I was having a worst work day but he made up for all that and more. He even showed us their recipe book. He recommended best of their dishes and preparation based on our taste. He was truly concerned that all customers should get best experience. Very friendly. I would say that wait for magic of food in your mouth before writing a review or making an opinion on Kokkari.
The ambiance at this restaurant is really nice. The server was very knowledgeable and the specials sounded great, so my boyfriend had the pork special while I ordered the grilled while fish. The pork was tastier than the fish imo, but the fish was good as well even though I wasn't super excited about it. We had the traditional cheese dish for appetizer and it was just far too salty for my taste. the dessert though: Galaktoboureko, I loved!!! the filo was amazing, highly recommended!
We've been here several times and their game just keeps improving. Very hard to get into this place but there's no mystery to me why. This is what Greek food should be - excellent mezes, delicious lamb, out-of-this-world fish and seafood. Expensive but well worth it, looking forward to going back soon.
We had a wonderful dinner. The atmosphere was cozy. The food was amazing. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Make sure to get your reservation in early.
And the 5 Stars Prize go to ....A greek restaurant....What!Typically when you think about a greek restaurant, images of grape leaves, moussaka, kebab, can food, no fresh vegetables, old tacky "greek" decor and naked man statues come to mind.Forget it all, forget it is even greek. Kokkari could be your best dining experience of the year. The restaurant is massive with two large separate rooms. The decor is elegant and comfortable. The impressive fireplace is roasting chicken next to the guest. The front of the house is friendly and effective. They serve some of the greek classic dishes but they are crafted with care and the best ingredients.It is difficult to replicate our meal as we tried only 1 items from the menu and ordered all the specials as they all sounded amazing and indeed tasted fabulous.At Kokkari, anything roasted or grilled is going to be phenomenal. The leg of lamb grilled in olive oil and rosemary was divine. Strong meat flavor, tender pieces with the combination of the oil and lamb fat coating your palate at every bite. If there is lamb on the menu order it. The goat stew is another great appetizer. The portion is generous ( in LA is would be a large main to share for 2...). The goat is tender and bold. The seasoning is screaming its Mediterranean influence at every bite.The appetizers are normal sizes which means if you have your own appetizer, main dish and dessert you will be more than full. The large bean appetizer is packed with flavors and comes piping hot.The chef is expediting the tickets and controlling every dish before it leaves the open kitchen. From the second room you can observe the chef tasting plates, cleaning bowls and commenting on every dish. It is rare to see this much dedication.The quality of the ingredients, the precision and focus of the cooking make every dish delicious. You will want to buy Kokkari olive oil as it is mesmerizing.Kokkari should be an inspiration to all Los Angeles Chef plagued with the small plate decease and not able to handle high volume high end restaurants.
Ok this place is certainly amazing. Probably the very best Greek for I have ever had. Visiting from Chicago and this place is great. We ordered the zucchini cakes as we heard from other yelpers it was great. We ate it and then order the second one. We had a bunch of appetizers so we can paste everything great wine and shared one main course.  The staff was very nice and helpful. great wine list.If you're ever in San Francisco this is a must for dinner. Can't wait to come back here one day.
Wow. I am so impressed. One of my favorite meal I've had in SF thus far. With restaurants in this price point I rarely find ones that I rave about. This is definitely one of them. We had the lamb appetizers, deliciously cooked with that smoky, crunchy char. The octopus was fantastic. I love octopus but too often find that it isn't cooked well. This was just done very, very well. It competes with my favorite octopus dish from Angelini Osteria. The fried cheese was delicious, and must be eaten hot before it gets all congealed and gloopy. Though I would still have eaten it then, with my hands. Fine, even with no hands. The goat stew was good but my least favorite dish of the evening. It was something I'd never had before and tasted like extra hearty short ribs. Finally, the dessert special is something I can't pronounce, but it was a custardy cream cheese atop shredded phyllo dough. I can't wait to come back.
Is this restaurant worthy of the #1 Yelp restaurant in SF? Probably not. Is this a fabulous restaurant with good food? Yes. We made a reservation for 10pm because we made it last minute. We were seated immediately and the restaurant is deceiving because it is much bigger on the inside than it appears from outside. Lots of space and very nice decor. We were seated and immediately greeted and asked that water be brought to us so we could browse the wine menu. The service was great, our waitress was very knowledgeable about the dishes and explained them with such finesse that it made our dinning experience pleasurable. I ordered a Greek Red Wine while my lady ordered a white. For starters we got the zucchini cakes and I have to say that even though I hate zucchini, I loved the appetizer. It's lightly breaded and pan fried and it comes with a yogurt sauce that is to die for. Very tasty stuff. We also got the grilled octopus and that is a hit or miss. Some pieces were overly charred and tasted burnt while other pieces were cooked perfectly and went well with the dill and lemon sauce. Overall I was slightly disappointed with it and wished we had gotten something else instead. For entrees my girl got a grilled whole branzino which is ridiculous, but she hates lamb. I got the lamb chops which is the obviously good choice with Greek cuisine. The branzino was good but it was not amazing. The lamb chops were very tasty that after I forked and knifed it to the bone, I chewed on the bone to get every last bit of meat like an animal. My primal instincts took over and I didn't care what people thought of me. For dessert we got a baklava and another pastry dessert filled with custard. The baklava was your standard baklava you can get at any Greek restaurant so I was not blown away. The other pastry dessert was very nice and both came with ice cream. Overall the meal was excellent but it was the service that made it all worth while. You feel pampered from start to finish which is nice when you are celebrating getting into graduate school. The food was good but maybe try and get something different than the octopus, baklava or branzino. The other dishes I highly recommend.
My husband took me here on my birthday back in May. Ambiance: Very cute, loved the way the chairs and tables were set up. It gave me the feeling of sitting in someone's home dining room. Even the elevator and it's wood paneling contributed to the ambiance.Food: Wow. Everything was really good, some better than others.Arnisia plevralia (lamb riblets): !!!! (We almost got a second order)Zucchini cakesDuck dumplings: !!! Lamb chopsRavioliBaklava ice cream: !!!!Drinks: Bartenders were nice, drinks were okay, but you're not coming here for the drinks anyway. After a couple of cocktails that were just okay, I switched over to wine.Great experience overall, and will definitely be back.
AMAZZING AMAAZING. Perfect place to have dinner with such great company!Huge portions of mindbogglingly delicious food. A must order... Galaktoboureko, semolina custard in filo with blood orange spoon sweet & creme fraiche ice cream. HEAVENLY.Extraordinary customer service, trendy and upscale ambiance ... Cannot wait to come back!
Definitely a business lunch/drinks kind of place with a professional atmosphere.The food is great and it comes out on time and the drinks are tasty and fresh. The one constant complaint I have about this place is their service. During one visit, a friend and I sat at the bar. I wanted a gimlet with fresh lime juice, so first asked the bartender if they had fresh lime juice. He responds with, why? What do you want? It was rude and really put me off for the rest of our visit.At another visit, I went with a group of seven. The hostess was rude when we asked how much longer for our table to be set. We did have a reservation and she was not forthcoming with the details. Perhaps we caught the team on a bad day, but the service is what stops me from immediately recommending the place.
Overall 3.5ish (shit, I make things complicated)Hostess that greeted us set the tone, she was great. The place was beyond hopping and Lauren was professional, warm and good at her job. She gets a 5.We were dressed like homeless people but were treated like we were in black tie. Dirty, wrinkled sweatshirts but we had brushed our teeth.2.75 for Wait service. It was okay but unfriendly, dishes were good for the most part and well-timed. We were checked on twice which was great. But we initially sat at the table for a while until we flagged someone down. Was also a slow start. After that4.5 for lemon egg soup. Yummeee2.5 - lentil soup was decent but tepid. We are bad about not sending food back. Should have asked for it to be nuked.2 - zucchini cakes -meh4 - whole fish, off the hook5 - moussaka, way beyond off the hook 3.75- sundae was goodWe think Kokkari, while good, is quite overrated
The food here is wonderfully flavorful and delicious. For appetizers we ordered the Kalamata Pita, Octapodaki tou Yiorgou, and Kalamari. All were great but the octopus was definitely my favorite. Perfectly grilled.The entrees were pretty big portions. Lots of lamb on the menu. They also offer different whole grilled fish or a rotisserie item nightly. I ordered the roasted lemon-oregano chicken as my entree. It was very filling and seasoned well. I was very full after the main course but of course we had to take a look at the dessert menu. The Galaktoboureko was amazing! Custard in a light filo crust with ice cream and fig. I also really liked their Greek coffee. Stone ground coffee heated over hot sand? Yes please!Very friendly staff and beautiful ambiance. Great place for a date or dinner with family or friends!
Overrated. It was great a few years ago but now that it's popular, seems to have gone downhill. There are many great restaurants in the city and this isn't one of them. Don't waste your time and money going there.
Beautiful ambience and great, clean-tasting fresh food.Their zucchini cakes and octopus are indeed fantastic- the zucchini cakes were creamy on the inside but fried crispy on the outside. The octopus is probably some of the freshest I've had, cooked well with a nice, tangy lemon sauce to it.My husband ordered their lamb chops which he thought were just OK, nothing was extraordinary about the dish- it was not particularly tender or flavorful. I ordered their Wednesday special which was meat and rice covered in cabbage, served in their potato soup. It was served piping hot (just how I like it!) and was hearty, warm and filling.Overall, I left the restaurant feeling fantastic! The food makes you feel very clean- I never really felt like that before, feeling full but not heavy, it's a great feeling and I think reflects the freshness of the food.
Food is good here but noticed that every time we came in to town to dine here, we are always seated close to the doors or service stations and odd places. I think this subtle racism is so apparent in high end restaurants by seating non white clients at odd places in the restaurant .
Great service, comfortable environment and AMAZING lamb. Seriously out of this world lamb. The salad that went along with it was great as well.I wish I could eat here every day...
From what we heard about Restaurante we expected much more then what it was .. Everything was ordinary ... Nothing wow and to come back again ..
Let me preface this by saying that the 4 stars only apply if you love lamb. I LOOOOOOOOVE lamb so yea this place is right up my alley. For appetizers go with the octopus and zucchini cakes. Both were awesome. For dinner I had the lamb chops which were flavored pretty perfectly however, I've had better quality lamb chops elsewhere. Friends had the lamb shank which was also good as the meat fell off the bone. Overall the place was good, I had no complaints but then again, nothing here made me want to come back....great now I feel indifferent.
One of the most amazing meals i have ever had. A girlfriend and I arrived at 8pm on sunday and it was booked up. We sat at the bar and our bartender Brett was attentive to every need. The gigantes were so good that we ordered a 2nd to take home. Lamb riblets, octopus, watermelon feta salad, all perfectly presented and amazing flavors developed. Ended with galaktoboureko for a sweet finish and it was outstanding paired with a muscat. Will fly back to san fran just to dine here! Out of this world!
Very impressed by the dining experience at Kokkari Estiatorio. The service was wonderful, the food was amazing. Ordered the lamb shank for my dinner and it was fantastic. Fall off the bone meat, full of flavor. My partner ordered the pork and was very impressed with the flavors. The greek wines that they recommended with our meals was an excellent pairing. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Everything we tried was beyond delicious. Can't wait to make another trip up to San Francisco so I can come here. Great place for a date very romantic cozy great lighting love the fireplace.
I'm glad I tried this place before bringing colleagues there. The lamb chops were mostly salty. Server did not go out of her way to make the meal better. I said it was "okay" she asked if there was anything to make the lamb better. I said "not really. Just okay. Mostly salty." That was the end. She really could have went further it gave the sense she would apologize or try to do something anyway. The calamari was also mostly salty. No bread was offered, despite other tables receiving this. The dip was nice. Overall I would not recommend this place. The ambiance was fine, but none of the staff looked like they cared or were particularly friendly. In general it doesn't look like they try very hard beyond simple work lunch presentation.
There are certain special occasions that make you want to go somewhere new that you know won't be disappointing, and you are willing to break the budget to do so.For me, I rely on friends' opinions, Ronn Owens and Michael Bauer, and Yelp of course. So taking our family to Kokkari for my wife's birthday was an easy choice. I won't be able to comment on any entrees, but there are enough other reviews that cover them in detail. My best laid plans had our entrees ordered days in advance. Then we encountered the mine field that is the small plate menu Drinks and a first round of four apps:Crispy Zucchini cakes, lamb riblets, spanakotiropita, and an eggplant special. Despite the small plates and four of us sharing, we all realized upon finishing this round that there would be no entrees this night. We saw the size of those plates roll by and all knew they were out of the question. Simple answer, double down on the apps!Second round of small plates was equally delicious. The stand out was probably the roasted prawns. We sampled the desserts in a similarfashion and topped things off with a shot of Ouzo.Before I could begin to feel any regretthat I missed out on the famous Lamb Chops I had so looked forward to, our waiter, Josh ( whose service was superb),Informed us that many regulars come in and never order an entree. So absolutely no regrets on any decision made from the restaurant choice to what we ordered. The cost for dinner, drinks, wine and all....about $85.00 per person. Again no regrets whatsoever. What a fun and adventurous eating expedition from start to finish. Maybe I'll get to that roasted lamb chop next time.
Lamb tongue with jelly for appetizer. Grilled spring lamb & whole sea bass for entrees. Baklava and chocolate cake for desserts. Greek coffee. Fantastic meal with excellent service. Our waiter George has been there for more than 10 years and he knows his stuff. Extremely hospitable. There's a reason this restaurant has been around a long time and is always fully booked. Can't recommend it enough!
Food, service and ambiance is the best of the best in a City full of amazing restaurants.When SF, this should be on your list.  Make a reservation and enjoy.
A lovely restaurant perfect for special occasion dinners (i.e. family is in town, yippee- we're celebrating a birthday). The interior is classy, warm and comforting and the service was excellent and totally professional. When we think of top restaurants in SF, Kokkari just doesn't come to mind. The food was perfectly fine, but nothing special by any means, just well made Greek food. I would love to see some non traditional/modern takes on Greek food to make this place special. Nothing I ate however was very original. Well made certainly; unique flavors- unfortunately not.
It's good but overrated. Went on a Friday night and it was packed. Ordered the fried chicken livers but they ran out. Ordered the beans instead, which were really good. The stuffed grape leaves were good but nothing spectacular. The same for the dip appetizer. Also ordered the lentil soup, which was tasty and seemingly healthy. Finally, we also had the chicken, which was good. Overall, it's pricy but that's expected for the location. With so many options around, I think there are better places in town.
My personal travel guide (husband). Did his research on this restaurant. He gets 5 stars for restaurant picks. I'm not even going to review other posts on this one. I'm applauding my husband when I should applaud the restaurant. Your doing good if the only complaint is that we had to take an elevator to get to the restroom.  jk... put a restroom up stairs and I'll give you an additional star
Can't say enough about Kokkari. The mediterranean style menu is inventive and delicious. Love the ambiance-perfect for date night or celebrating with a group of friends. Highly recommended, but make sure to reserve well in advance (hard to get in spontaneously).
Don't believe the hype - at least if you're under 60 and/or not a tourist. Great service and ambiance, but the lamb was dry and tasteless. The appetizers beat the entrees hands down. As a local, I can guarantee you have better choices.
So much about this place is good that its hard to look for issues... The food, the bar, the service, the ambience... Always happy when i go with friends or co workers... Always!
Just immaculate!!!!Davide our server was amazing!!! Actually, the best in the city!!Chef Tony stopped by the table and was very welcoming. And our meal was amazing. We sampled a little bit of everything and can't really pick a favorite but If forced to, I would say the taramasalata was it. Everything else was spot on and we were glad with our lunch choice.
Don't understand all the glowing reviews. The food is ok, nothing more nothing less. However the reviews would have you believe that the place is amazing, and yet it's not. It's just mediocre. The rack of lamb and rib eye was seasoned adequately but even medium preparation resulted in chewy meat rather than melt-in-your-mouth excitement. The appetizers were ok as well: the zucchini cakes prepared quite well consisting of a crunchy exterior and moist center. The octopus on the other hand was a disaster, just bland and rubbery. The staff is nice and the place is decorated very well, a sort of rustic look. Our takeaway was that this place is just "OK" and not worth a revisit, not by a long shot!
Me and my bf decided to come here for dinner a few days before xmas.Ambiance - cozy, warm and romantic (love the huge fireplace while it was roasting geese?) Food - we got waaaaay too much appetizers Smelts- huge portion and it was ok...had betterGreek salad - simple refreshing Crispy zucchini cakes - one of my fav! Grilled lamb meatballs - very flavorful and rich! Grilled octopus - my least fav...I was honestly expecting it to be better. Had better in LAEntree:Goat stew - omg it was cooked to perfection! The goat is tender, melts in your mouth and the orzo was the perfect texture. Bold flavor yet not overwhelmingLamb chop - best lamb I ever had in my life! I ordered medium rare and it came out exactly how I like it. Love the lemon oregano vinaigrette!
Celebrated my 24th bday here and everything was delocious!! Hands down the best steak my family and I have had!! Be sure to request to sit by the fireplace, so romantic.
I can't say enough about this wonderful restaurant! My husband and I ate here during our trip to San Francisco. Hands down, this was our favorite restaurant we ate at! We loved the vibe of the restaurant! It was dark, comforting and very romantic with the fire. Our waiter was outstanding... we told him we wanted a bottle of wine for around $50, and he chose something perfect for us! This is what we ordered...Zucchini Cakes- 5/5, these were so good with the creamy sauceLamb chops- 5/5, oh my gosh these were so tender and yummySnapper-4/5, this was great, but not as good as the lamb chopsGalaktoboureko- 5/5- this was so tasty, must orderOverall, it was a perfect meal! I wish we lived closer and could eat here more often.
Trust me, they deserve 5 stars. President Obama fly chefs from this restaurant for his party. It's that good!
Really delicious Greek food, great for sharing. Three apps / veggies and the moussaka was plenty of food for two (big dinner or in my case, really heavy lunch). Make a reservation, and be prepared to search or pay for parking. Ambiance is great for business meal, date night, or taking parents.
I have been here two times now.Recommendation #1: get a reservation!!The service is beyond top notch. Other restaurants should come here to train their staff. No joke.The restaurant is super comfortable in decor, but also the tables and chairs are sophisticated but not stuffy. The food. Not one thing I've had here was disappointing. Not even the dessert. I'm serious. Trust.
Wonderful meal, good service, reasonable price!No wonder this restaurant is rated so well. The food is great. We ordered fried zucchini cake for appetizer. I had 2 starters instead of an entree. My hubby had a lamb dish. We also had our own dessert. Everything was delicious! The downside is the bathroom is all the way downstairs and in the back. There are 2 stalls and one of them needs serious attention. One of the sinks also clogs badly. The restaurant at this caliber should really has a staff to check in on their restroom. This is the only reason I didn't give it a 5 stars.
UGH-MAY-ZING! One of the best meals I've had in my life, definitely the best Greek meal I've had even after traveling all over Greece and eating at the best restaurants in Astoria, NY (which has a very high Greek population). My husband took me here for our one year anniversary. We at the zucchini cakes, lamb chops, the goat stew and my favorite the homemade sundae. Each thing was PERFECTION. The warm fire place, beautiful wood tables, the whole place feels like magic. This restaurant is very romantic. The service was friendly and not uptight. I dream about this restaurant and wish I lived in San Francisco so I could go there every day. I sent my cousin there a few weeks after and her impression was the same, it is amazing.
ignored at bar for 20 minutes. food was greasy and bland.
Delicious. We ordered 5 appetizers between the two of us and went to town!Amazing food, huge restaurant that's always packed and tough to get a table. We'll be back.
This is a long overdue review. And by long overdue, I mean over two and a half years or so late. I am writing this because, well, I have been dreaming of their lamb chops (Arnisia Paidakia) every night for the last two weeks. From what I recall, it was better than any orgasm any man has given me. No really, you need to try this along with their grilled fish (Psari Psito). My friend ordered this dish and albeit, it was not as orgasmic as what I ordered; however, I would still give it a thumbs up! (Two thumbs for the lamb chops!) Besides their appraised lamb chops, (I think it is impossible for me to stop mentioning about these mouthwatering pieces of meat!) Kokkari Estiatorio also have an amazing staff who are extremely attentive to their patrons. I slightly muttered that it was getting chilly, (we were not seated closely to their beautiful, homey fireplace), a server (not our designated one) overheard my comment and quickly closed the windows surrounding us. Thank you, handsome man. You, too, are better than any man I have been with. Oh, before I forget. They have a gorgeous ambiance. The long table for large parties in the back area is my favorite; it looks like it should be featured in magazines like Style at Home -- if not already. (Erin McLaughin, Editor-in-Chief, I am talking to you!)
This place has definitely lived up to all the hype! My girlfriends and I came here for a very late dinner on a Saturday night. Our hostess was so helpful and really made our experience one to remember. She was very honest when helping us decide how much food to order, and she picked out a delicious affordable bottle of wine that would complement all our dishes!My favorite dish by far was the baked feta. The flavors blended together so nicely, and the texture of the feta was perfect. We also had the zucchini cakes which went very well with the yogurt dipping sauce. For my entree, I ordered the ravioli which I felt was a little undercooked. It was also the only vegetarian entree on the menu. For dessert, we ended with the Loukomades which were like fluffy donut holes drizzled with honey. Overall, I wouldn't mind coming back here as part of a group. I appreciated that even though it is a very fancy restaurant, the hostess was down-to-earth and helpful.
We decided to celebrate our anniversary here after hearing great reviews from friends. Everything we ordered was delicious and filling. Portions were generous. I requested vegan dishes and there were quite a few options. The pita is amazing. We would definitely like to go back. The only thing I was disappointed about was our seating. When I had called they said they'd try to get us the best table. I'm not sure what that meant but would have, at the least, appreciated a private table. We were seated right next to another couple and that took away from a romantic ambiance.
Went here a while ago for a work lunch. Everything was pretty good, but what really stood out was a watermelon and feta cheese salad they served as an appetizer. Some pretty big chunks of watermelon with feta cheese and pine nuts with a couple other things I didn't know. I could eat that alone. The place definitely looks nice and a good place to take to impress parents, co-workers, etc.
We walked to Kokkari from union square for some pre-dinner hill climb cardio, and good thing we did, because I probably ate my body weight in the best Greek food I've ever had.We were seated promptly, and introduced to our server, who was friendly, very knowledgeable, and willing to put up with my family. (We can be a handful sometimes, especially after a few bottles of wine.) He started us off with some drinks from the bar, which were delicious and nicely balanced.All of the appetizers were delicious. E. was a little disappointed that they didn't light the saganaki on fire, but that may have been a little on the cheesy side for Kokkari. (I've recently been refining the form of comedy known as "dad humor." You're welcome.) Highlights include the cheese-stuffed calamari, the octopus, and the artichoke hearts.I shared the branzino and the lamb shank with my mom, and we both agreed that they were both equally amazing. The fish was light, flavorful, and seasoned and cooked to perfection. The lamb shank paired perfectly with the 100% cab that the server suggested, and fell right off the bone. The flavor and texture was rich, almost buttery, and the meat was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.We finished out meal with the donuts and chocolate cake, which were both great.Overall, Kokkari was my favorite dining experience during my time in California, and that's some huge praise considering the number of excellent restaurants we experienced. You keep doing you, Kokkari. Maybe well meet again someday.
We went in without reservations. They managed to squeeze us in when a table was available for a little over an hour. The server Georgie (I hope I spelt it right) gave great suggestions. The lamb and brussel sprouts were great.
Excellent foods, good service, beautiful ambient, and we all loved the wood lid oven! Cozy and warm in such a cold winter night! Zucchini cake, roasted beet, wood oven roasted prawn are all excellent. Moussaka is a bit too salted though first few bites were good. Rotisserie is great when mixed with the sauce. Overall a repeatable restaurant!
Fabulous wedding lunch with friends. Favorites were the fried smelt and whole fish.Super service. Beautiful and intimate setting.Dessert was delicious. I had the one with semolina stuffing.Everyone loved their food.
Fantastic restaurant and well worthy of the 4.5 star average. I was able to score a reservation for V-day and my bf and I couldn't have been happier with our experience. Since it was Valentine's they had a pre-fixe menu which made me a little nervous but it did not disappoint. My bf declared the pita the best he's ever had. From the seabass to the lambchops, zucchini cakes to the strawberry dessert..we fell madly in love with Kokkari.And the service? SUPERB. Our server, Broak ("The Turkish guy"), was fantastic. He was incredibly friendly engaging us in an effortless banter, very attentive and never made us feel rushed. He alone deserves 5 stars!This is a great restaurant and bf and I look forward to going back soon!
Had a lovely Anniversary dinner here! Money well spent....in English because I dont want to butcher the beautiful Greek language we started off with a few appetizers, Grilled Octopus which was sheer delight, Fresh and perfectly cooked simply marinated in olive oil n spice so good we ordered two, the panfried cheese, and my favorite the deep fried smelts which were suttle garlicky delight!Seconds we ordered the daily rotisserie, which I HIGHLY recommend if your in the mood for meat, because it was definitely newsworthy and the Mousakka which I had no business eating because I was fairly stuffed after all the appetizers n wine. This was super rich so I only recommend if you share with someone because its very filling but delicious!For dessert we topped off with the flourless chocolate cake....what a meal! The service was as to be expected, impeccable and well balanced....from the constant flow of wine, the exchanging of utensils through courses, to the nice array of reading glasses in case you forgot your own, we definitely did not feel neglected or harassed! If you always wanted to try it....Just do it! This place is a must!
One of my favorite restaurants in SF! I always make sure to come here on an empty stomach so I could try more entrees and apps than my stomach could normally handle, which is already pretty high to begin with. I love absolutely everything about Kokkari - the attentiveness of the waiters, the upscale intimate rustic ambiance, and of course the overwhelmingly delicious food. It makes for an intimate date night, a fun dinner to catch up with close friends, a no-fail restaurant to take the parents to and of course, a nice business dinner to close that deal.Although you cannot go wrong with anything here, I recommend the following extraordinary dishes: 1. Zucchini cakes appetizer: I love the texture - it's crispy on the outside and moist and soft on the inside. I'm not even a huge fan of zucchinis but I absolutely love this dish! 2. Grilled lamb meatballs appetizer: Mmm. It's such a hard toss up on whether I love the sauce more or the actual meatballs more. The sauce is so tomato-y and flavorful. And when the meatballs are doused in this, they tend to blow people's minds. 3. Braised lamb shank entree: Oh dear sweet baby jesus. This stuff is so good and the quantity is HUGE. The lamb meat is literally fall off the bone tender, so juicy and fatty, and is accompanied with an intensely flavorful long rice. This is a MUST ORDER and is one of the primary reasons why I will continue coming back! The wine selection is extensive and the waiters recommend great pairings. So definitely head to Kokkari for your next rendezvous in the financial district. Happy Eating, Yelpers!
This place is pretty great. If you're a meat lover or a vegetarian, either way, this place is for you. For the appetizers we had the obligatory squid and the meatball dish also. Very tender on the squid . They had a side of sea salt to pinch and add to any of your dishes and the squid is a good dish to use it with. The meatballs and tomato sauce was so good that we wanted to lick the bowl. For the main course,I had the lamb chops and oh my! The portion is generous unlike a lot of other restaurants that serve pork cops that are the size of lollipops. I try not to eat starchy carbs so I asked to have my paps substituted and they had no problems doing so with Brussel sprouts. It tasted as if was meant to be paired with the dish. Very well prepared. My fiance had the goat dish which was also fantastic. It reminded me of pulled pork but much better. More lean and more flavor. The service was great as well.the server had a wealth of information on all the dishes and was enthusiastic to help us without being annoying. Lots of places have servers that act very subdued and it's fine, but we actually enjoyed the small talk with our server. Yet she did not impose on used in mid conversation. The meal came fast. No unnecessary waiting. Yet no rush to get us out of there. Great ambiance. The meal in total for two people with two appetizers and two entrees with two glasses of wine and tip came out about $140. Well worth it. I'd like to come back here next time to try some of the fish dishes.
Fantastic ambience, but disappointing foodAs a tourist, I might not have cultivated the desire to come here for months, but the overwhelmingly enthusiast reviews on multiple sources definitely raised my expectations about Kokkari quite a bit. I visited the restaurant for a late dinner with my girlfriend on a thursday.The decor and ambience are definitely top of the class. The building evokes the architecture of mediterranean houses and the warm atmosphere puts you at your ease immediately.We started with grilled cheese, zucchini cakes, and octopus. The grilled cheese was too salty, while the octopus was a little burned and not entirely fresh. I liked the texture and the flavor of zucchini cake.We shared a seabass as an entree. It was well cooked and seemingly fresh, but it was marinated with a very persistent spice that covered too much the flavor of the fish and that I personally didn't really like.I wouldn't go back, but it's worth a try if you stay away from seafood
Absolutely delicious food!You need reservations way in advance unless you want to eat at 11 pm!The restaurant is very nicely decorated.The food is reasonably priced for the service and presentation you get.We really liked the ambiance and food and will be sure to make it back!
I have been coming here since 2002 and figured I didn't need to write a review - since they already had that covered. But after dining there this past Sunday night I figured it was worth the mention that in 13 years I've never had a less than stellar meal here, service has always been pleasant and professional, and the place is always warm, inviting and clean. Hard to pick favorites but if you're a first timer you must try the zuchinni cakes, the grilled octopus, the lamb chops and, if they ever have any version of Galaktoboureko on the dessert menu, go for it.
After being in SF for a couple of days and not getting out of work in time for a decent meal, I decided to treat myself tonight. So what did I do??? I yelped for the most highly rated restaurant in the area - and yep, you guessed it, Kokkari Estiatorio was it. I decided to go for it without any reservations. If you can, please make a reservation. It's quite the happening place. After standing by the bar for almost an hour and a half (must say, the bar staff was very nice and on top of it!), a spot at the bar finally opened up. I ordered the crispy smelts as an appetizer - wow, just wow!!!! I absolutely loved them! I also had the Psari Psito - traditional grilled whole fish with horta & lemon, it was perfect. So after much hype on yelp, I'd have to agree with the ratings - it's an absolute must visit if you're in the area. This Miami girl will be coming back and recommending to others! Thanks for such a great dining experience!
I could just write a review about the deliciousness of the baklava ice cream. That is a reason for me to come back! But I'll guess I write a review about the other items we ate as they were just as good.Everything we ordered was just awesome. We ordered family style: Saghanaki, Zucchini cakes, Watermelon & Feta, Beets salad, Tzatziki, Ravioli and lamb meatballs (for the meat eaters).Again, the food was fresh and delicious. Our server was also fantastic and we had our table near the kitchen which was exciting to us as we were able to watch all the food come out! I'll be back.
It is hard to go wrong with Kokkari. The dishes our party of four had were all good. Emphasis was on fish, but there were plenty of meet dishes. The wine list was extensive and a bit pricy. It is a perfect place for a business dinner. Large restaurant with private areas.
Visiting Kokkari was a great experience. The atmosphere was fun, the staff was phenomenal and the food was absolutely delicious!
We hosted a group event at Kokkari in one of their private rooms and the experience was top notch! While their arrangements on A/V could've been better, they blew the group away with the quality of the food! Every single item deserved more than five stars. My favorites were the Saghanaki and the Pesto Ravioli. Will definitely return, hopefully in the near future.
Overrated. Food is decent. My biggest annoyance is that the servers do not quite prices for their specials! The servers are very well trained to upsell, which is reminiscent of big celebrity chef restaurants that pepper LA and NYC.Average tab for 2 with wine is about $160, which I will gladly drop at the multitude of other amazing SF restaurants.
I would take a picture of our beautiful food, but it has vanished. This is my favorite spot in San Francisco. I couldn't wait to take my mom and friend here because I've been talking it up for a while now. The problem was that my flight was delayed more than once and my 530 reservation turned into a 6 and then into a 630... And in the end we didn't get there till almost 7. David and the host staff could not have been more understanding. I was so stressed out that we were going to miss our reservation. They graciously held the table for us and Todd (our server) was fantastic in ushering out our orders (we ordered a lot) while not making us feel rushed or slamming it all on the table at once. Impeccable service and the food did not disappoint as usual. Must order: kolokithokeftethes (zucchini cakes), saganaki, octopus, spanakotiropita, and the Greek salad.:)
A true SF classic with great ambience. No frills or fusion. The bar is also an awesome alternative when tables are full. Favorites:Apps- Gigantes- Grilled Octopus (Octapodaki tou Yiorgou)- Grilled lamb riblets (Arnisia Plevrakia)Mains- Moussaka- Dry-aged Rib-eye (Mosharisia Brizola)Dessert:- Baklava- Rice pudding (Rizogalo)
Truly my favorite restaurant in San Francisco! Every single time I've been here, the food has been delicious, the waitstaff incredibly friendly, the atmosphere very warm & cozy. It's seriously feels like you're eating inside a Greek friend's home. At the meals are perfectly paced, and you never feel like you're being rushed out. This is one of the few places you can truly focus on enjoying your dining experience. I love bringing guests here or special meals making wonderful memories. This place is worth every penny! For appetizers: the zucchini cakes, watermelon and feta salad, meatballs, and beet salad are go to's. Oh and don't forget the Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata Or Tirokafteri with housemade grilled pita! Entrees: You can't ever go wrong ordering the whole fish of the day- The skin is perfectly crispy, the flesh perfectly tender & to top it off they even debone it for you! The lamb burger for lunch is perfectly cooked and not too game-y. Also recommend the ravioli and octopus salad.Dessert: to be honest, I'm usually so full that I don't have much room for dessert but the loukoumades are are must try if you like sweets. The baklava, ice cream sundae are classics if you want to play it safe.
Upscale Greek food!Great ambiance, outstanding service, wonderful flavors.Believe the hype: * zucchini cakes are simply delicious!* Lamb shank with orzo - tender lamb accompanied with orzo and reduction* Dessert - semolina wrapped in filo - Oh soooo good!Delicious but passable* Roasted chicken with lemon - good but nothing exceptional* spanakopita - nothing unique and standardPlace very open, with the business dinner table, but yet can be romantic.Dinner for 2 averages: $90 (2 appetizers, 2 entrees, dessert, no drinks)
Kokkari Estiatorio has been on my must try list for a while and I was excited to finally get a reservation, even though it was for three weeks in advance! To start we ordered the grilled lamb meatballs and zucchini cakes. The meatballs were good, but pretty standard. The zucchini cakes were incredibly delicious. I thought they would be heavy but they were light and fluffy and I wish the dish came with more! We also were accidentally given some kind of eggplant dip and pita. The pita was fresh however I wouldn't order the eggplant dip. Next we shared the lemon oregano chicken and moussaka. The chicken was pretty good, very flavorful and not dry at all. However, I was pretty full (after the pita and appetizers) by the time the mains arrived so I didn't fully enjoy it. Make sure you get the Moussaka, it was great! Comes out looking like some sort of casserole dish but you bite into layers of great flavors with every bite. Finally, closed out the meal with the baklava. I am usually a fan of baklava but I really did not enjoy this one. I think there were way too many walnuts for my liking and the consistency was a little off. Might be okay to other people but definitely not worth the calories for me!
Although I've just had a summer full of amazing food, Kokkari just gave me one of the best dining experiences in SF. The restaurant is huge, but the atmosphere is extremely cozy. And I can't say enough about the food! It's out of this world.For appetizer, my boyfriend and I ordered the zucchini cakes with mint and yogurt dressing as well as the grilled calamari stuffed with feta and fennel. The zucchini cakes were crispy on the outside and exactly the same in texture as a crab cake on the inside. It's amazing what they did with the zucchini to get the same consistency, in addition to the flavors that were infused into the mixture. The cake as a whole was light, and the cool yogurt dressing added a nice smooth element. The grilled calamari had a grill flavor like I've never tasted before. The stuffing was uniquely flavored and so delicious. I ordered the branzino with the wood oven roasted preparation, and it was cooked with scallions and avgolemeno with a side of potatoes. The fish was fileted, so I didn't have to worry about bones and could fully enjoy the tender flakiness of the fish. The sauce was amazingly light and lemony, but still full of herb flavor. I also really loved the slightly crispy skin that added a crunch to the softness of the fish. My boyfriend ordered the lamb chops, which completely changed my perception of lamb. I've never been a fan of the taste, but the way they grilled the chops was perfect. The tenderness of the meat was unbeatable, as well as the seasoning on the outside. It was served with a slightly crispier potato that elevated my childhood memory of jojos from Safeway. The meal was already incredibly impressive, but then dessert happened. We went with the semolina custard in filo with creme fraiche ice cream, which was one of the best decisions of the night. Somehow they made they the filo dough light and airy, as opposed to heavy and greasy. The custard filling tasted like nothing I've tasted before, sweet and creamy and eggy to the perfect amount. The hot filling paired just right with the creme fraiche ice cream, which was topped with a slightly sweet apricot syrup. I could find nothing wrong with this meal, and I will be forever obsessed with the food. Kokkari has definitely made it onto my list of favorite restaurants!
I ate at better Greek restaurants for less. The decor is classy and so is the service. Everything is super professional. The problem is the food. For the price. 35$ for a single skewer of lamb with 2 tiny, bland potato wedges and garden variety tzatziki, is too much. The lamb riblets were under seasoned. The grilled octopus had no defined taste or kick to it. I won't be back and I won't recommend it to my friends.
Good stuff but I expected "out of this worrrldd" stuff.Made a res for a friday night and it was super packed. Had classic dishes like pita, calamari, lamb riblets, moussaka and dolmas but they were all just okay to me.The only things that I really, really enjoyed were the spanakopita and flourless chocolate cake. Spanakopita melts in your mouth and the chocolatey cake was fudgy and rich just how I like my cake.
Amazing! I live in Orange County.. cookie cutter land.. so there are not a lot of choices for exceptional dining in OC.. atleast to my standards and certainly not Greek food. Kokkariwas an exceptional place and will visit again next time I'm in San Francsico! I even purchaseda bottle of the olive oil, $25. Yasoo!
This is where my husband took me on one of our first dates! Will always cherish this place.Fresh, Mediterranean food, great service and a bustling ambience! Zucchini cakes and gigantes to die for!My husband really likes their lamb! Cocktails - they are more of a wine place, but will make some pretty decent cocktails if you ask them! Pricey, but one of the better Mediterranean places in SF!
Food is awesome but they definitely rushed us out. We literally had one bite left when the waiter took our plate, and didn't even ask if we were done. I have been here before and can say the food is 5stars. As for the SERVICE... The first time we ate here I didn't remember them being so quick to get us out. We had lunch our SECOND visit and were rushed out like it was a Taco Bell. The waiter and busboy LITERALLY cleared our table in seconds, we LITERALLY had one last bite on our plate when they took it. We were so shocked at what just happened we couldn't even get out the worlds to stop them. Ask for the free olives and bread, amazing. Food : 5starsService : 3-4stars
One of the best restaurants you will ever eat at. From the service to the food. Every time we visit San Francisco we eat here. The menu is amazing and you can't forget the desert and coffee! Would love to have a restaurant like this in LA!
Kokkari is perfection to the highest level. We all agree that the food is outstanding. However, the guests are also outstanding. Open, happy to be there, fun to talk to . .. it is a very special gathering in a very special place. Just go!
Came here on a weekday to meet my friends during my lunch break. Definitely need to get here a little early if you want a table to sit at, but my friends and I were fine just sitting at the bar. I chose the Lamb Souvlaki, friends had the Chicken Souvlaki, Beets salad and grilled calamari. We all shared some dolmathes.I have to say the dolmathes were amazing. I get dolmathes now and then whenever I go to Greek restaurants but they're not my favorite thing. Most of the time they're just too sour, and tart for me. Like someone put too much lemon on it. The dolmathes here were not like that at all, it was a really good balance. Totally changed my expectations of what a dolmathe should taste like.The Lamp Souvlaki was also really good. Juicy and tender, really no complaints here at all. My friend's chicken souvlaki disappeared before i was even halfway done, he definitely enjoyed his dish.This is a decently upscale restaurant, service is top quality. I would not expect anything less.Overall great restaurant with some really good food and service. Definitely will visit again if I'm around.
Kokkari is our favorite restaurant in the city! Great Greek food, great wine and we love the atmosphere there..you have to call in advance for a reservation!!We took our friends there a few times and they all loved it!
5 stars all the way based on the food, atmosphere and service. Let's start with the food (always one of my favorite topics): Our party of 10 began our 5 star meal with 3 lovely bottles of wine and a variety of appetizers. I can honestly say that everything I tried was incredible, but the zucchini cakes and meatballs were extra special. From there the rest of the table went the lamb chop or fish route. I don't eat lamb and a whole fish didn't really appeal to me due to bones. What I really wanted was some delish pita with tzatziki sauce. And so I ordered just that along with a Greek salad. I was in Greek heaven. By far the best pita bread I've had (made in house) and the feta and veggies in the salad were so fresh. And of course you can never go wrong with tzatziki sauce. For dessert our fab waiter (more on him later) recommended we share a variety of desserts. We somehow made room for a few orders of baklava, rice pudding and (my fave) flourless chocolate cake. The atmosphere is lively yet not too loud. They gave us one big round table, which was perfect for our group of 10. We could actually all interact thanks to the setup. I also spotted a private dining room that would be perfect if you wanted a bit more privacy. Perhaps my next group dinner. And finally on to George, the best waiter I've experienced in a long time. I loved his knowledge and his enthusiasm. I found myself wanting him to pull up a chair and join us for dinner. Kokkari is lucky to have him, as were we on Wednesday evening. Thank you George and Kokkari for the 5 star meal!
Hubby and I always enjoy the zucchini cakes and the pita bread for appetizers. We get different entrees every time we come here and are never disappointed. The rotisserie chicken is really good as well as the lamb dishes. Excellent service as well.
Lucky me to be treated to dinner here! I love Greek/Mediterrean cuisine so was looking forward to comparing this to Dio Deka of Los Gatos, which is my local fave.Our great meal was enhanced by our experienced server Chris, who knows lots about the menu and the various preparations. Thanks to him I tried something I would not have if I just read about it on the menu - the goat stew. I love moussaka (which one of my hosts ordered) but after Chris described the goat stew I was convinced. He did not steer me wrong! Our third companion had branzino roasted with tomatoes and olives. We were all delighted with the entrees and each had a bit left to bring home for snacking today. But I got ahead of myself - we shared 3 small plates to start - roasted carrots, roasted brussels sprouts, and the zucchini cakes. Oh my. All were delish and we cleaned our plates.All those veggies justified sharing a couple of deserts, including the "Greek donut holes." Nom nom nom.Hope to return soon.
Oh man oh man, this place is DEVINE. I loved every bite of food I had here. I also was eyeing the other four diners' dishes whom I was dining with. Everything looked great. We got the zucchini cakes (on the 7x7 Top 100 Dishes of 2015 list, so we obviously had to), the octopus, and the feta cheese appetizers. Yum. I got a great vegetarian entree with grilled vegetables. Overall, everything was spectacular and I cannot believe I haven't been here sooner, and I cannot WAIT to go back.
My experience here was fabulous !! Food was amazing and the bar is where I sat for dinner and impeccable service ! Mussels my favorite !
Amazing food (Mediterranean Seabass, kataifi dessert was heaven). Superb customer service!
I LOVED eating here! My husband and I went here last night for our anniversary! Our waiter was so genuinely nice and helpful! They didn't have a gluten free menu, but he had made his own for me to look at. So helpful! Everything we ordered was bursting with flavor! This chef knows how food should be prepared!   You HAVE to make a reservation ahead of time! This is my new favorite restaurant!
This is by far my favorite restaurant in SF. Great for any occasion, date night, family dinner, business dinner, girls night. The food is amazing. My favorite dishes include:Zucchini Cakes: I never miss a Kokkari dinner without getting at least one order of these. They remind me of my vacation in Greece but they are not too greasy. Served with some of their amazing Tzaziki sauce which I will get to next.Tzaziki: Served with this awesome housemade pita and sliced cucumber and carrots. Again, can't fail.Grilled Octopus: Light, simple, speaks for itself.For the entrees I usually go with the baked or grilled whole fish as it is amazingly fresh and simple, but I've tried some of the stews and heavier meat dishes which are also great.Service is always spot on. We also like to sit at the bar so we don't have to make a reservation, very colorful crowd as well.Kokkari will always be a staple in my book, sure it's not cheap, but you get what you pay for.
We went on a Monday night. I was surprised to see how busy it was! We ordered the crab cakes which were delicious! Highly recommended! My souvlaki was a tad chewy., that's why the 4 stars but my husbands. Salmon was delicious. I also highly recommend the baklava!! Yum :))
Went here for a company dinner! The service was phenomenal. And the food was even better! Very classy. Great ambiance. Amazing variety of dishes. Highly recommend.
I had heard great things about Kokkari, so I suggested it for a celebratory lunch outing at work. I obviously Yelp'ed the place before going, so I knew I had to try the zucchini cakes and lamb chops. Other appetizers and a dessert rounded out the ordering.The star of the lunch was the lamb meatball appetizer. They were grilled and covered in a spiced tomato sauce and greek yogurt. If I could have made a meal out of the meatballs, I would have!The zucchini cakes turned out to be the most unimpressive item of the day. They are like crab cakes, but with zucchini instead of crab. The seasoning was lacking and the mint yogurt dressing was flavorless - overall disappointing.I ordered the lamb chops medium rare. They weren't very tender, the lamb was a bit gamey, and the portions were small. So another disappointment.Luckily the dessert was good, so lunch ended on a high note. I'm not sure what it was called, but it was pie-like creation with seminola, honey, custard, and crime fraiche. It wasn't very sweet, it was dense, and it was delicious.
It's about that time of year where I follow through with last year's new year resolution... to yelp every new restaurant I've tried... I've missed a lotI've gotten a lot of mix reviews on this place, hence my delay to dining here after my 18 years in San Francisco. I must say I left a very happy camper. We order a few appetizer, nothing stood out but nothing was bad either. However, I was completely blown away by the lamb chop. Yes, I dare to say that this is one of the best lamb chop in SF!!! Woot Woot! I've finally found a place that can make a mean lamb chop!*Note: My step-dad was Greek, so Greek food was always on the menu growing up.
I've been here twice - once for a birthday meal in the main dining room, once in the small private dining room in the cellar for our wedding meal.The food at Kokkarri really is excellent and deserves the hype and stellar Yelp reviews. The service is pleasant and attentive without being too in your face.Highly recommended.
Eating here is an experience, no doubt. Kokkari is obviously a upscale restaurant in terms of the pricing and quality of food. However, they manage to keep the interior really cozy (by splitting the large interior into multiple dining rooms) and rustic with the decor. I love the feel of this place!Waiter (Jeff!) was extremely knowledgeable and added greatly to the experience.To start, this might sound lame, but the breadbasket is awesome. You can see them cut the loaves on this rustic-looking station near the fireplace, so you know it's fresh. They serve it with salt and their own olive oil which is super flavorful!Zucchini cakes were awesome, as expected - and zucchini is definitely the star of the dish. No weird/annoying fillers in the cake, it's all zucchini! The inside is so soft and creamy and there is a satisfying crunch from the outer crust. The yogurt sauce is delicious as well - it is somehow very rich while still feeling light on the tongue. Recommend!Lamb shank was seriously mouthwatering delicious juicy. They aren't kidding when they say "fall-off-the-bone-tender." Literally don't need a knife for this one. The portion of meat is really large... a big hunk of meat on a big bone... it's quite impressive. Not only is the meat super tender but the flavor is on point as well. The juices all soak into the orzo underneath and it makes for an amazing dish. Highly recommend!Grilled turbot was a special that night and it did not disappoint. When they said "whole grilled fish" I was expecting it to still be whole. However they had deboned and filleted the turbot already before serving, which made it easier (if maybe less fun) to eat. The portions that were skin side up on the plate had nice crispy skin, and the flavor on the skin was really delicious. However, the portions that were placed skin side down got a little soggy so I wish they plated it all skin side up. Came with a nice healthy portion of greens as well. Baklava Ice cream lived up to the hype and more. Super rich and flavorful vanilla ice cream with big chunks of baklava mixed in. How could you go wrong? The phyllo somehow doesn't get soggy in the ice cream either, it really is a delicious treat. Portions aren't huge (except for the lamb shank), they are sensible sizes, and everything is seriously delicious. Can't wait to come back.
Be sure to make a reservation, Kokkari is always packed. Get the lamb meatballs to start, they are unreal. Atmosphere is a mixture of rustic and modern.
I love the bar area and have also eaten at the bar also. I had the halibut which was lovely and served w lentils. The bread and olive oil is heaven .. The wine list was great and I found a red wine that I love and thought the price was good too. Love this place and worth the price tag! Yep I'm in.
We had an 8 pm theatre date across the street, without much time for a full meal we sat at the bar and shared four appetizers: a watermelon/feta salad, zucchini cakes, spinach pies and the most delicious pita topped with fresh tomatoes, caramelized onions and feta. everything was absolutely delicious, perfectly seasoned and the ambiance of the restaurant is wonderful. Attentive service. We will definitely return.
Went to Kokkari for dinner for the second time and the experience was just as great as the first!The zucchini cakes are a must try and the baked feta - delicious! We had the lamb skewer for our main dish and it was cooked perfectly. Not too "lamb-y" if you know what I mean. The flourless chocolate cake was the perfect dessert - there was a nice balance of textures - with the cake itself and the whipped cream on the side.This is the perfect spot for a nice dinner (date) or group outing. Ambiance was lovely - with an active rotisserie in the main dining room and nice, low lighting.
I went to Kokkari for lunch recently and it was delicious. My friend and I shared the baked feta appetizer with capers and other herbs, I highly recommend. I had the lamb souvlaki for my entree, served rare, this was mouth watering good. The plate included a chickpea salad and tzatziki. I've been once for dinner and my star rating would be 5. The atmosphere at night is awesome! A great place for a dinner date, if you can get reservations.
LOVED this place.+The food is delicious, melts in your mouth, and leaves you pining for more.+the decor is warm and comforting while maintaining sophistication and elegance+would recommend the lamb riblet, dolmathes (both veg & the special they had at the time was a lamb filled one), and DEF GET THE SPANAKOTIROPITA - it will melt in your mouth.the only thing keeping this place shy of the 5 stars was that our waiter was interesting, while describing the specials he started discussing the goat and then proceeded to tell us what goat tasted like (it's not an exotic meat) which was confusing because it almost came across as condescending. But humorous remarks of the waiter aside, this place is amazing. It is by far one of my favorite restaurants in SF and I can NOT wait to return!!
The food is so good here you can drink the olive oil!If you have the choice, sit near the fire. It's a great experience to pair with eating some delicious food.
I want to give this place 10 stars!! It was that good! The ambiance of this restaurant is wonderful. Downstairs where the bathroom is there is a private room that is just darling. We started with the meatballs and pan fried cheese. It was sooooo good!!! My husband had the ribeye and I had the whole fish. Both were equally delicious in their own unique ways. Service was top of the line!! If I ever find myself in SF again this will be at the top of my list!!
Have their lamb chops. They're quite tasty. I enjoy the ambience and service. Reservations are not difficult. They have a good wine selection if you're into wine. The food is quite authentic Greek food and filled with flavor.
Excellent food! Great service and ambiance!Would recommend the dolmas (mint flavored) and wood-oven baked white snapper.
I've been wanting to try this place for a while, my expectations were really high & now i've made it , nice setting right along with nice service make sure you bring some walking shoes if you intend on using the bathroom though, the soups & pies were really delicious but the duck meatballs (starters)tasted like they were processed -pre fried then later placed in an oven upon customers request of order , entree was ok , the lamb ribs would have been better if there were more flavor to the taste (med rare) the potatoes were also excellent, but overall my experience was ok , i would return but with the intentions of trying something totally different than what i ate during this most recent visit.
I can't believe I haven't rated my all time favorite Greek food restaurant! Amazing food, waitstaff, and ambiance. Expect to splurge and be completely satisfied and bust out of your seam! Been coming here since 2005 and the place survived through tough times because their food is continually high quality! Waitstaff will check with periodically which is awesome! I recommended this place to a friend and his friend who is Greek booked back to back reservations!
Finger smacking good! Tried their Zuccini cakes, Lamb Liver fry (the chef made this for us as they did not have the chicken livers in the menu), calamari.. All of them were awesome.. The service was excellent.. Parking is an issue but we used the valet parking as it is the most convenient thing to do when it rains ;)
Great selection of appetizers, entrees and sides. Service was spot on with the timing of taking orders, and presenting ordered items. Staff was always around and available to pouring the wine and refilling water glasses. Very attentive and no pressure to turn over the table.
We had a perfect meal here. The service was impeccable and food was even better. Appetizers-Grilled OctopusZucchini CakesEntrees-Grilled Lamb ChopsGrilled Whole Sea Bass (Fish of the Day)Dessert-Galaktoboureko (semolina custard wrapped in filo dough with a side of pistachio ice cream)The lamb chops and sea bass were so heavenly, I honestly couldn't decide which I loved more. We got some great recommendations by our server for a couple of great red wines to pair with the meal that we really enjoyed. It's a gorgeous establishment, with even more gorgeous food. A must visit in San Francisco!
Could not ask for a better tasting meal or a more knowledgeable wait staff, but what I found most impressive was how Kokkari pulled off the seemingly impossible- making its downtown SF-dining patrons feel like they are in Greece. The open air windows and minimalist/adobe decor transported me to the islands for the best dinner I could ask for.
I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said. But, sweet. mother. of. God., KOKKARI IS PHENOMENAL. IMO, it ranks among the best Greek restaurant food I've had in the U.S., if not THE best. The only problem with you, Kokkari, is that there are 2,000 miles between us, so I will just have to dream about you from afar. [PLEASE OPEN A CHICAGO LOCATION.There are many Greek people- and non-Greek people- here who want to eat your food.]One of my fellow Greek, foodie friends in Chicago raved about Kokkari, so I made a res as soon as I booked a flight to SF. We ended up changing the reservation and going for lunch rather than dinner. The service was great, and we were seated in a prime spot in front of the fire. We ordered family style, so our group was able to try several different dishes. Every dish was utterly delicious. The octopus was the only thing I wasn't completely enamored with. Here's what you should order: Greek wine; the gigandes (I'm salivating thinking about them); the Greek salad; saganaki; kotopoula souvlas (yummy, yummy chicken); the tsipoura (fish flown in from the old country); the sea bass. OH, and the galaktoboureko and baklava for dessert. I can't wait to go back to Kokkari and order the other half of the menu. Yes, I am a pig, and I don't care. I love you, Kokkari.
I have only dined here once, but it was such a memorable experience!It's tough to get a table without reservations, specially on the weekend - so reserve ahead of time. The ambiance is beautiful, the service wonderful and the food - well, just thinking about the food makes me smile. There's something so romantic and lovely about Kokkari; it's mostly the food & wine, but the general vibe - from the lighting to the restaurant set-up, it all plays an important part in creating that perfect atmosphere. We enjoyed the Salmon & the Lamb Chops for our entrees, and both the dishes were terrific. While I don't recall exactly what we had for dessert or even appetizers for that matter, I remember liking the food very much, and can say with confidence that the chances of you being disappointed in your food choices is pretty small. They seem to maintain a good standard across all the foods served here.Kokkari is ideal for date nights, or for a big birthday celebration with a large group of friends.. or if you simply want to treat yourself to something marvelous - this is where you need to go :)
I've officially dedicated my 100th review to my new obsession - Kokkari Estiatorio. I love it. I love it. I love it. I also love you - my wonderful boyfriend who surprised me with the reservation there after I came home from a trip! How lovely is that! It is definitely one of the most popular restaurants in SF when you have 2812 glowing reviews! We finally got a reservation a week in advance(how lucky, right?!) at this SF foodies' favorite. When we walked in, we felt warm and welcomed by its decor. although it has a front and back dining room, we could feel the rustic greek vibe everywhere. I love the fire place. I love the romantic small tables with cushiony sofa like chairs. It feels like we were invited i into someone's home in Santorini/Mykonos... Okay I'm just dreaming now. ps. It also has an elevator to take you downstairs into the private dining room and restrooms.We ordered:Kolokithokeftethes: Crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber and mint yogurt sauce. It is so amazing! You know it's good when my bf who is not a big fan of vegetables wanted to keep eating it! Crispy golden brown on the outside and soft in the inside. Octapodaki tou Yiorgou: Grilled octopus with lemon, oregano and olive oil garnished with watercress. We are big fans of grilled octopus. A lot of places ruin the octopus and make it rubber like. But the Octopus here is tender, and very much flavorful.Arnisia Paidakia: lamb chops grilled with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette and kokkari potatoes. We are LAMB lovers. The lamb melts in our mouth like butter. Having only lemon and salt and pepper as the only seasoning, I love how you can taste the real flavor of the meat. Honestly, all our dishes that night have the same seasoning and we love it! It is so simple yet delicious. The lemon juice definitely brings out the flavor and the citrusy lightens the meaty dish. We also had a Tonight's special(not shown on the menu) which is basically all parts of lambs(including the insides) that are oven cooked, same style seasoning and garnished with arugula. It was simply amazing!We were so stuffed with all parts of lamb and the wonderful wine that we couldn't dare to order dessert. The service was amazing also. The waiter we had was very friendly, attentive and polite. You can just tell he was so sincere with his suggestions on order choices, he really cared about our experience there versus at other restaurant sometimes you might run into a waiter who just points at the menu and says "this one". I love kokkari from all aspects, the decor, the service, wine list and especially the food. Highly recommended!I'm already obsessed with everything about Greece, damn it Kokkari, you are not helping either! ;)
The food here is wonderful. And did I mention the service!!!!!!! You can't go wrong here. Best choice for authentic Greek food in the area.
In one word, my dining experience at Kokkari was sublime!True it took us 3 weeks to get a decent reservation but it was so worth it. We arrived hungry and hopeful on a Saturday night and were seated immediately. Our server was very well informed and gave us a quick rundown on all the specials. We started with the complimentary bread which was just okay and ordered the Kalamari (Grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel, orange with black olives) which was spectacular! Husband got the Arnisio Souvlaki (spiced lamb skewer grilled with onion, bay leaf & tomatoes with tzatziki & potatoes). LOVED IT! The lamb was tender and delicious. I got the Makaronia (ravioli of sweet peas with mushrooms in a feta cream sauce, asparagus & toasted pine nuts) which was pretty amazing too! For dessert, we got the Sokolatina (Flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream). It was decadently GOOD! Though we were too stuffed and could only get a few bites in :(Great ambience and excellent food!
Went here in a weekday lunch time without reservation. The restaurant was packed and there was no table for my friend and I, so we just grabbed a seat at bar. Anyway, my friend and I ordered some food and was really excited to see how good this restaurant would be.+FOOD: I ordered the infamous grilled octopus and Gigantes, and both of them were not bad. Maybe my expectation is too high. The grilled octopus is tender but a tad bland for me.(The octopus is not seasoned too much) As for gigantes, I didn't feel it special after my first bite, but it tasted better later. BTW, gigantes is good to be paired with bread or pita.+Service: ......well, now this is the main reason why I gave this restaurant only two stars. Honestly, I feel so strange to give this restaurant such a bad review after seeing so many great reviews from others, but I have to say, the bartender was unfriendly. He only came to talk to us when we ordered food, gave us bill and well... nothing else! And he didn't smile at us at all! I feel like I owe him a million dollar or I was an unwelcome customer! This is not a fast food or a cheap restaurant where I don't care if the staff smiles at me or not! ( No mention in fact waiters in some casual dining place do know how to make their customer happy) However, besides the bartender, everyone else were find and pretty friendly, so I guess it is only the problem of the bartender.Anyway, the bartender just ruined our experience here.
Amazing!! Hands down the best Greek restaurant I've ever been to. We got lucky with last minute reservations and I'm so glad we came out to try it. Service was top notch, food was delicious and the ambiance was romantic and perfect. It's not cheap but so worth every dollar. Try the zucchini cakes for appetizers because they are scrumptious! The lamb chops were delicious and the chicken dish was so so good! Loved the dessert and wine. I loved every thing about it! Will be visiting again when I'm back in SF.
I came here for a birthday dinner with 15-20 people. We pre-selected something like 12 items from the menu a couple of weeks beforehand so I got to try a lot of different dishes. Everything was good to great, and the most memorable were the grilled octopus, lamb meatballs, lamb chops and lamb skewers. Can you tell I love lamb? If you do too, you will love this place. My experience at Kokkari as part of a large party was great. Service was attentive and had a good flow, and I am certain neither my water glass nor my wine glass were empty at any point. And given that the atmosphere is pretty romantic, I can see myself returning as a party of two.
We always find ourselves constantly learning new things. About each other. About us. For me, I realized that I'm just a simple person. I'm no foodie. I'm perfectly content eating Chinese take-out or making dinner on the grill. Fancy schmancy restaurants, although are very nice, aren't that important to me. I don't really indulge in the intricate items made in each dish yearning to taste what hidden ingredient is there to make a super bad ass experience. I just want to be around good people, get good service and eat decent food.But in this review I digress. This was fancy schmancy. The place was romantic. The ambiance was a bit upscale. The food was orgasmic. I was a happy mofo. My group ordered a bunch of appetizers to share, enjoyed glasses of wine and picked up a few dinner entrees that we shared, too.Best thing on the menu... The lamb riblets. Hands down. Order it. This place is the definite bomb. Our waiter was so on point I thought for a moment he was one of the owners. He presented himself so well and was so into his work you would have thought he had more of a vested interest in the restaurant beyond the tip he would have earned from serving us.Apparently, this place is ranked third on Yelp in all of San Francisco. I can certainly see why it's one of the top spots.
Savory Greek restaurant with electric, eclectic mix of authentic Greek cuisine, not to be missed. Easily joins personal Top 10 restaurants in San Francisco! Favorite dishes include the Garides Skordates-wood-oven roasted prawns with cherry tomatoes & garlic butter -Mezethes (starter), Maroulosalata-salad of romaine lettuce,& radicchio with toasted pine nuts, Kalamata olives & creamy feta cheese dressing; Kirios Piato (1st course) -Thalasina- pan roasted fillet of fish with olive tapenade; the lamb is fabulous; Mosharisia Brizola -charcoal grilled dry-aged prime rib eye, Cretan Pilafi -brown butter & lemon rice w/ Greek yogurt; Glyka (Dessert) -Galaktoboureko -Semolina custard in filo with fresh fig spoon sweet & creme fraiche ice cream! Yummy!
For me, this place is one of the most amazing Restaurants. I like the environment on the inside portion. Service is extraordinary! Surely I'll be returning soon.
Delicious. Fantastic. No other words needed! The stuffed calamari and lamb chops were unparalleled. And very reasonably priced wine list. Not to miss while in sf!
I think we came to Kokkari on a Sunday night. It was mostly on a whim, and out of a desire to try a place that we've never been to before. Reservations are definitely recommended, since the wait without it is probably an hour, but the ambiance is lovely and the service is impeccable. It may have helped that our server looked like Tom Hiddleston as well. :DWe ordered the Saghanaki, the lamp chops (Arnisia Paidakia) and the rib-eye (Mosharisia Brizola). I was eating with someone who had been to Greece before, and apparently the Saghanaki was not legit in the sense that they didn't set on fire on the table (likely something to do with fire codes), but it was incredibly delicious nonetheless. I definitely recommend it for cheese lovers. The lamb chops were so juicy, tender and perfectly cooked. The rib-eye was huge(!) and tasty as well. I think I may have had better rib-eye elsewhere, but on the whole it's still pretty good!My only qualm is that we were seated awfully close to another couple that was celebrating their wedding anniversary, and we could hear literally everything that they were saying. It was quite distracting, and I figured they could listen in to the conversations I have as well. The idea of that generally just makes me uncomfortable, and therefore more hesitant to engage in conversation, which is pretty unfortunate. Definitely request a table with more privacy if you go to Kokkari on a date.
Great restaurant.Came here on a Friday night for my dad's birthday dinner. Kokkari's atmosphere was warm yet sophisticated, not to mention their DELISH Greek food.Starters: Dolmathes - great dill taste; Lam Riblets - could use more flavor, but not bad; Classic Greek salad - fresh, healthy, crispMain Courses: Seabream Special (fish) - buttery, absolutely delicious. A small section was not deboned properly but no emergencies were had; Chicken & potatoes - Seasoned SO perfectly. Dad and I agreed they were the best potatoes we've ever had.Dessert- YOGURT SORBET GRANITA - will change your life. Trust. Also, the Baklava is divine - warm with walnuts and honey and a side of vanilla praline ice cream. We also ordered the flourless chocolate cake which was perfect and rich and delicious. Our waiter was friendly, patient, & very knowledgeable.tl;dr - Get the Yogurt Sorbet Granita!!!! You will thank me later!
Each dish is created with perfection such great food and such great service! Sarah our server was amazing she knew her foods and the ouzo she recommended was a perfect match with the desert!
By far one of the best restaurants in town. Someone once said that the first impression always sticks and, I must say since stepping foot in this restaurant, I was really impressed. The elegant decor and the polished crowd make you feel almost like you walked in a NYC restaurant but the courteous and helpful staff makes everyone feel welcome.  Unfortunately we were not very hungry when we ordered so my friend ordered just a few dishes. We picked some meze and chose the fried zucchini and everything was delicious. As main course we chose one of Kokkari's signature dishes: the goat, which was very tasty if you like this type of meat. In general, if not cooked properly goat can result hard and the flavor too intense but not at Kokkari: at this restaurant quality is consistent and cooks work really hard to find the perfect balance.  Since I cannot end any meal without dessert, I tried both the berries bread pudding and the flour-less chocolate cake and they were both really good: both very moist and tasteful. They both came with a creme on the side that was delicious. Caveat, dessert portions are very big so save room or plan accordingly. This place is great for business dinners and/or important dates.
We came here for a special occasion. They start you off with acme bread which gives it 2 stars off the bat.Between two of us we got 6 small plates described below:Brussel sprouts with capers and lemon - delicious Wood fired sprouts with grilled lemon and capers.Artichoke & eggplant skewers was a Special for the night were awesome. The Greek yogurt was unreal. The ingredients were super fresh.Feta and poblano dip - served with their homemade pita bread which was the best pita I've ever had in my life. It was like eating a grilled pizza dough. The dip was very good (easy to spread).Lamb riblets - six small riblets but definitely well worth it. Meat falls right off the bone and was seasoned to perfection.Duck raviolis- I wasn't huge on this (6 small hors d'oeuvres style) small plate. It also came with spiced Greek yogurt which made the meal much better.We finished with the Greek donuts which were little munchkins drizzled with honey and walnut. They came out nice and hot and were a perfect encore to our phenomenal meal.The service was top notch, the wine was great and the overall meal was well worth the $$$ price point. Definitely one of the top places in the city
Very overrated. The server we had was a bit slow and liked to hear himself talk. He went on and on to get through a list of specials, and none of us could get through the whole thing without losing focus. Just spit it out or give us a piece of paper. He also took an extraordinary time to bring the bill, etc. We were overall pretty annoyed by him and the several mistakes he made, including misorders of drinks etc. Service could have been much better for the amount paid. We were a group five people. Our order was very costly. Much of the food was pretty tasty, portions were mixed too small or average for most of the dishes. However for $44 I expect lamb chops to be close to perfect. We ordered two sets of chops. 6 chops. One plate was WAY over salted. The other was not as salted, but my uncle makes better lamb chops. For the price, it hurt to not be blown away by the lamb chops. I regretted not sending at least one plate of chops back... I had to force it down a bit despite lamb chops being one of favorites. I would think twice about my wallet and expectations before coming here again.
The food and environment here is fantastic. I've been visiting this place for many years and have tried most of their dishes. It's good for family occasion and group bonding. For past years like birthday and graduation were mostly celebrated at Kokkari. I highly recommend this place for those who haven't tried this place yet.
Ate at the bar because we didn't have a reservation... No problem there, The hostess was gracious. However, when we had a question about the menu and directed it to the bar back, we were reprimanded by bartender who continued to be rude,disinterested, and unfriendly the entire meal.  Certainly ruined an experience we were looking forward to....We will not return.
I had heard so much about this place but hadn't tried it as it's always been hard to get reservations on short notice and I can so understand why after trying it.Brilliant food, from the zucchini cakes to the different dipping sauces with pita to the baklava with ice cream. Even the sweets that they have at the reception were so unique and tasty. Great ambience and super food !!!
So I have a confession. I have never liked lamb and have generally avoided it since the first time I had it long, long ago when I got terribly ill from it. Kokkari has changed my mind. Our charming waiter who not only recommended a fabulous bottle of wine for our table, also ordered a nice sampling of their menu for us, which included their lamb chops. Holy. Moly. So. Good. Make a reservation because on a random Wednesday night the dining room was full and bustling, and I even saw people getting seated as late as 9:30 or 10:00 pm! I'll definitely be back - I love late night eats!
Phenomenal food and phenomenal service in a phenomenal setting. It comes down to that.I came with a few friends, and we had to wait a bit (15-20m) even though we had a reservation. That was okay because the host staff were very polite and accomodating, and the waiting area was pleasant. It gave us a chance to take it all in - including the lush seating, the big but cozy bar, the large fireplace, the bread cutting table... When the host informed us we could either have a smaller table immediately or a larger table in a few more minutes, I decided to take a trip to the bathroom. This adventure A) led me to the conclusion that this would be a 5-star experience and B) made me feel like Belle from Beauty and the Beast (you know, when she's walking around and everyone's singing about her). Each member of the staff I passed greeted me, moved to the side, pointed me in the right direction, smiled and answered my questions before I had even formed the words. The restaurant was larger than I had expected and much more lavish - but in a very comfortable way. I also noticed they also have very nice private rooms for special occasions. Finally at our table, our server was helpful, knowledgeable, and pleasant. He was just the right mix of attentive and invisble - he and all the other waitstaff (including food runners, bussers, etc) were extremely professional and all appeared like magic at just the right moments. My water glass was never empty, and my dirty silverware was replaced with clean silverware regularly.As for the food? EVERYTHING we ordered was fantastic. The appetizer portions are on the small side, so I'd recommend ordering a few plates to try. The grilled calamari stuffed with feta was light but full of flavor. The lamb meatballs had just the right amount of spice and felt substantial but not heavy. I really loved the artichoke and eggplant skewers with greek yogurt sauce - so much that I would even consider it as a part of my main meal next time! The dinner menu is small but still guarantees you'll find a hit. Everything was very freshly prepared - from the whole grilled fish (on the lighter side) to the lamb dishes (more filling). You can order your fish completely whole or de-boned, which I prefer. We also tried the arborio rice pudding, which came in a fairly large portion and was one of the most interesting rice puddings I've had, thanks to a mix of the Greek spices, the apricot, and the drizzle of honey. When all was said and done, I didn't even find the prices to be too crazy. The bill was less than other places around town (like Foreign Cinema) but the overall experience was SO MUCH more. Kokkari - welcome to my personal short list!
I spent my 30th birthday here last night. It was my initiation dinner that I was getting old because the crowd that comes here were very much older than me. I made the reservation 1 month ago and it was already filled up, so i settled with a 830 reservation for 8. The restaurant is really nice, a little too dark for casual dinners imo. Our waiter seemed like he had a long day, he kept it professional, but he wasn't inviting either. We all got random things on the menu since we didn't know how to read the menu. but we mostly ordered all protein. The zucchini cakes were delightful as well, with the white sauce was app heaven. I highly recommend that and the rotisserie lamb special. The slow cooking goodness topped with some fresh lemon was the best. Best lamb I've ever had. Most of the entrees are good portions, most of them are really rich so you will be stuffed, but appetizers are really small almost tapas small. I rate this place 4/5 for service reasons. The waiter isn't what you expect from a high end restaurant, i dont expect ass kissing but be more friendly/social. He also messed up on our bill giving himself no tip - then confronting us that we paid him no tip. All in all the food is as good as it gets. The restaurant was supper crowded, so come only with reservations and take a Lyft cause parking is horrible as well.Oh they dont do birthday dessert hand outs, so they just wrote happy birthday and put a candle on someone else's dessert that was ordered. lol
Undeniably one of the best smelts I've ever tasted. Love the ambience . Service is excellent!will definitely come back for more!
Ooo, loved this. Not as good as my Yiayia's cooking, but homemade wind every time. Still, this place reminded me of Greece and home. The dolmathes were excellent, as was the greek coffee after the meal. I would totally come back again.
service is good environment is fancy, yet food is def not excellent to our taste. we ordered a lamb steak and a recommended fish dish.  none of them stands out as especially fresh or flavorful.  It is not worth the prices at least. So you should do it at home!
Great place for a nice, quiet dinner. Fiance and I had a wonderful (somewhat light) dinner after a major splurge for lunch that left us back asleep in our hotel room for a few hours. We went out for one nice dinner while we were in San Francisco and we decided to go to Kokkari. It's a beautiful restaurant that is much bigger than it appears when you first walk in. There's a huge kitchen that you can look at as you walk around and it feels exactly like a trattoria in Europe. That being said, I was slightly surprised that they bring white bread, not pita, to the table. I guess DC might focus more on the pita aspect, although I do remember there being white bread in Greece... I think. Anyways, we ordered a variety of mezes- 4 and then a trio of dips, which was just the right amount of food for us. First, we had the special of the night- porcini mushrooms and feta cheese. These were absolutely delicious. Very rich- almost tasted like a piece of meat or protein. Asparagus- this was really, really good. Asparagus was perfectly cooked and the dill/ feta crumble on top was soo good. I'll have to try this at home. Saganaki- this was not our favorite preparation of the dish, and paled in comparison to the other veggie dishes. Lamb ribs- they fell of the bone, although be aware that the riblets are very, very small- not like beef or pork ribs. I'm not a huge fan of lamb, and I still thought they were good. Trio of dips- we went with the waiter's recommendation and got the caviar, the favasalata and the pepper dip. First, the favasalata is not hummus, which is how they describe it. It's a blended dip made with fava beans. That does not mean it is bad, but it is not hummus. The pepper and feta dip was also very, very good. I enjoyed eating it. I was not a fan of the caviar dip, which the waiter preferred, and we left some on the plate. But the best part of the dip was the bread! The Pita is incredible! about 100x better than their bread. You must get the dips if only to try the pita, or just get a side of the pita- they'll let you get an order for ~$3 if I remember the check completely. Overall, a nice dinner in San Francisco. I wasn't blown away, but it was nice.
Absolutely perfect. Delicious food & excellent service. Started off with the rziger Wrzgarten Riesling Kabinett. Then, the zucchini cakes, grilled calamari, meatballs and octopus. (All fantastic) Main courses: mousakka and ravioli. Ended with a bang: baklava ice cream-is this real life? Died and gone to heaven.
I was very excited to try Kokkari for the first time, esp with a Yelp average of 4.5 stars. Based on that I thought this would be a great place to take my hubby for his birthday. Last year I took him to Gary Danko. The reviews for both places made me think they were similar.But they are not. Gary Danko is a couple or more steps above Kokkari, in many respects. Price for example. Kokkari is quite cheap compared to Gary Danko. The mezethes are priced $8-14, very reasonable. The main dishes $22-49. You can get 3 course meal for about $40. At Gary Danko, it's $76. The service at Kokkari was very good, but at Gary Danko you are made to feel like a king/queen. Kokkari has a business meeting atmosphere. In fact, a lot of the people in there looked like they run out of their Financial District offices and grabbed tables here. Gary Danko feels luxurious and romantic.I'll stop comparing them because they are probably not similar. They just both show up at the top of Yelp's best reviewed restaurants!Anyway, I did like the decor of Kokkari. I loved the fireplace/pit in the middle where they roast chicken and lamb, and other meats. The chairs and tables reminded me of being in a very nice cabin. We had reservations (which are hard to get so plan way in advance). We were seated at the front by the bar. Which was great location until the bar fills up and people start loitering around your table.On to the food.- Gigantes (giant beans, OK)- Saghanaki (pan fried cheese.. amazing!)- Kalamari (grilled squid stuffed with feta.. yum)- Marithes Tiganites (fried smelts.. little fish with head fried.. we asked to have this taken back. Really did not like it yuck.. maybe we're just not lovers of whole fish with heads)- Sikotakia Tiganita (fried chicken livers.. yum)- Moussaka (I've had this many times in other places and their version is just not good sorry.. very bland and no taste)- Arnisio Souvlaki (skewered lamb.. it's good but you can't really mess up grilled lamb can you)- Kokkari Sundae.. Chocolate and vanilla ice cream sundae.. huge and yum- 2 specials that night not on menu: duck wrapped in bread, (kind of like pig in a blanket.. this was really bad) and dessert filo layers stuffed with custard and creme fraiche topped with pistachio.. very good!We both had 2 glasses of wine. Total came to about $210 (tip included). For that price, my conclusion is it's not worth going for special occassions. Maybe a business meeting with important clients. Or nice dinner with friends or family where you don't have to go all out. You'll probably enjoy the food if you select wisely. But as for us, it was just Meh. You can have this caliber (or better) of Greek food for much much cheaper. It doesn't deserve the 4.5 stars.
I've been to Kokkari 5-6 times. I actually make an annual visit to SF, partially because I love this restaurant so much. I've celebrated 3 birthdays there, if that says anything. It's hard to get a reservation sometimes, so book well in advance. All of their food is amazing. I've never been disappointed in anything on their menu. The service is outstanding. The ambience is elegant and comfortable. I love to go there and get a bunch of their small plates. Hands down, my favorite item on their menu is their various dips - in particular, the taramosalata. Their pita is also thick and hot, the best pita I've ever had. Another all-time favorite is the best salad. We've had many entrees, but what stands out the most over time is their lamb. Cooked and seasoned to perfection. I can't say enough wonderful things about this restaurant!
As everyone else-- I was really impressed with Kokkari-- even though I knew it was going to be good- I was still impressed. It was a great experience and unfortunately I did not do this review right after our meal there, so know a month later, I can't remember the specifics other than we were all very impressed with the meal. Go wtih the special, whatever they are roasting in the fire-- AMAZING. This is a very special place for a very special meal. Make your reservations!Oh and side note- I made my reservation for the wrong amount of people and called to see if they could assist- and they were very accomodating which I really really appreciated-Thank you
Let me start this review for my ladies who might be shocked when they ask where the restrooms are, Girl let me tell you! It is all the way in the back of house, down an elevator into a private room where I'm guessing is the basement? Whoo! It was a journey... Believe me. So when making reservations my tip to you is to ask for a table in the main dinning room where the beautiful open kitchen is so you are closer ;) Ate here a couple weeks ago.. Had the duck ravioli to start. SO GOOD! The tzatziki yogurt on that was perfect. Kept telling my friend I could have ate 10 plate worth, I also had the special which was lamb rotisserie 3 ways. Deliciously tender and moist washed it down with a wonderful dry and rich bottle of of cab. Our waiter was such a sweetheart. So attentive ! Will definitely be back ;) P.s get the shredded filo dessert with the citrus cream. Easily made it to one of my favorite desserts !
Absolutely fabulous restaurant. We had a bachelorette luncheon here for one of my girlfriends and we were totally satisfied and could not have been happier! The food was delectable. I ordered the Moussaka and loved it. The rest of the people in our party were very happy with their entrees as well. Intimate ambiance and vegetables and ingredients that taste so fresh and wonderful. They even brought out a special dessert at the end that had writing on it to congratulate the bride. I recommend Kokkari to anyone visiting San Francisco. You will not regret it!
Great ambience and service.Almost everything here is good.Zucchini CakesI love the way they do these. Tons of finely sliced Zucchini in a fried cake. I like the way there is very little batter and its is almost all Zucchini.SpanakotiropitaPerfect crisp flaky pastry and light spinach filling. Awesome.Grilled Lamb RibletsThese are so good. Very tender meat, herbed olive oil drizzle. Wonderful.I could eat 3 orders of these.Grilled MeatballsSpiced tomato sauce and greek yogurtThese lamb meatballs are excellent.MoussakaTraditional casserole of spiced lamb, eggplant, potato and yogurt bechamelThis was very good. Loved the spices. One of the items I did not likeSaghanakiPan fried kefalograviera with lemon and oreganoThis fried hard cheese was probably a perfectly prepared traditional dish, but it was just too salty for my liking. It is also a really big piece of rich cheese. I could only finish about a quarter of it.
Came here with my girlfriends after our napa valley wine tour for my bachelorette weekend. My MOH made reservations so we came in and didn't have to wait too long for our table.Restaurant is beautiful and has a great ambiance. Service is excellent and the staff members were great. Our meals came out all beautiful and very yummy! The zucchini cakes were amazing!!! Everything we had (all 8 of us) was full of flavor and we devoured our meals esp after a long day of wine tour galavanting! Getting to the bathroom is fun, you take an elevator to a lower level hahaha. Well it was fun for a bunch of tipsy females haha.
Truly amazing. Attentive service, fresh and delicious food and romantic ambiance. Whole fish, octopus and calamari very highly recommended.
Came here to celebrate a couple of friends' birthdays. I loved that they could easily accommodate a group of 12 (as long as you call a couple weeks in advance, of course). They don't take your credit card number as part of the reservation either, so prepare to receive at least 3-4 phone confirmations minimum.Their food is phenomenal, though everything is on the pricier side. I highly recommend the Arnisia Paidakia (grilled lamb chops). I ordered it cooked medium, and the chops were so succulent and tender, I swear I could eat the bone the meat came on! My friends ordered the Moussaka (lamb casserole) and the Psari Psito (grilled whole fish), both of which tasted amazing (but the lamb chops are still #1 in this girl's heart... I mean stomach). The casserole is a bit on the heavier side, while the fish makes for much lighter fare. For dessert, we ordered the traditional baklava and the Pagoto Baklava (chunks of baklava folded into vanilla ice cream). Both were super sweet. I wouldn't recommend the ice cream only because it tasted exactly like pralines and cream, but for $8. I loved that they gave the two birthday gals dessert on the house though! Thank you, Kokkari.Pro-tip: I'm not sure whether this was unique only to my experience, but as soon as the bread comes out, put it on your plate! Otherwise the waiters will collect your plates and butter knives in a matter of seconds, leaving you with only a forlorn look on your face as you stare at the empty void where your bread plate used to be.
The food was great but the service was mediocre. After asking for another minute to make a wine selection, it took fifteen minutes before the waiter came back, although he passed our table a dozen times without looking at us. A couple of us shared appetizers instead of an entree, which the waiter confirmed we wanted as a main course. But they came to the table 20 minutes before the other entrees arrived, so we either had to wait and let them get cold, or eat while the rest of our party waited for their entrees. Either the way, the waiter didn't notice, since he didn't check on our table until twenty minutes later when the entrees arrived. He seemed surprised that it hadn't all come out at he same time, but if he had bothered to check in even once (we tried to get his attention multiple times), we could've let him know. For an expensive meal, and reservations I made six weeks in advance, I was extremely disappointed.
Best Greek food I have ever had! My husband and I were lucky to get a reservation, as this place is packed because it's so good!!! Our waiter was excellent, every plate he brought out was perfect!! We had fried cheese and grilled octopus to start! Let me tell you I have never had octopus before and I enjoyed it so much because it was cooked to perfection, just the right amount of olive oil and seasonings! Second dish, we had the Greek salad! Best Greek salad I had ever had! It was so good that I would eat it every day! When food is so fresh and good you can taste it in every bite! Our main course was also the best!! I ordered the lamb chops and omg they are to die for! Cooked perfect, seasoned to perfection and melt in your mouth! This dish is a must try! My husband also had a lamb dish, the lamb shank, which was also excellent! I highly recommend this restaurant, it is a must to try!
Amazing food and desserts. The attention was great. People come to this place!! You should make a reservation too.
The grilled whole fish.The braised lamb shank (with orzo and MYZITHRA CHEESE - MY FAAAAVORITE).The rib eye. And even the cake with fresh berries, even though you're getting married in 5 days and swore off food for the past month. BUT WHO CARES, IT'S SO TEMPTING. (Also, this isn't a regular item on the menu I believe - I've been to Kokkari a few times and have never seen it - it's usually a "special" so make sure you ask if your waiter doesn't tell you about any dessert specials)One of the best restaurants in SF, IMO. I love most things Greek (especially their super adorable stray dogs - don't ask), and Kokkari makes me want to book my plane ticket back to Greece. Amazing place for a date, a family visit, or just because you feel like eating delicious, hearty food with wonderful, attentive service to boot.More. Always want more.
I went here earlier today and joked that I didn't have time to write a review (as it goes after having a baby), but it was such a great experience that I've put aside the time to write one up.My family was visiting town and I suggested this restaurant based on all the rave reviews and crossed my fingers that it wouldn't be a fluke. The only downside was a rude customer who wouldn't let me through the door with my baby in a stroller -- after making eye-contact and staring at us he didn't budge -- which made my mood a little sour at the entrance, but man did service make up for it. Since we were running late I had told my family to ahead and start without me and they greeted us with food coma smiles -- the real deal. I can't say what was specifically ordered as I never looked at the menu and the food arrived before me, but it was delicious. My guess -- red beets with creme fraiche, a white fish cooked to perfection (I hate overcooked and undercooked fish) with a nicely braised skin, and a blue cheese salad on the side. My family was raving about the octopus, saying that it was cooked perfectly -- I don't eat octopus because I love the creature too much, but I'm trying to be honest about my family's reaction.Our waiter was funny, attentive, quick and patient -- incredibly competent and comfortable service -- I wish I had grabbed his name to include it here.Then, my mom being the foodie that she is, ordered us three different desserts. One was the "house fav" based on our server's recommendation:Galaktoboureko: This one was subtly sweet -- hard to go wrong with creme fraiche and a meyer lemon mix, in my opinion. Add to that the custard filled film.Next came the Yiaourti Me Meli, which I think is a great choice for those who may not want an extremely sweet dessert. It felt healthier with the dates and greek yogurt and honey.My favorite was the last one: Summer Berry Pudding -- just the right amount of fresh berries and naughty sweet bread(?) -- whatever special magic they've put into this, do not skip on this dessert!
Elegant, upscale setting. Check!Authentic Greek menu. Double check!!Good times with old friends. Triple check!!!Here's the scoop on what we had:-Justin Cabernet (outstanding because I selected it without the need for a "som")-Saghanaki (delicious but very small portion)-Octopus (the best I've ever had in the USA)-Tsipura (very good)-Napa spring lamb (decent but overpriced)-Halibut (average)-Sokolatina flourless chocolate cake (very decent)Overall, here's my impression:This place is sophisticated, for sure, however, it was a bit stuffy for my taste. I'm a laid back kind of guy, with a world of experience that I don't need to advertise in order to impress anybody. I know my way around most menus and wine lists and I usually know them better than many waiters. Although ours was pretty competent, Todd was overly patronizing , a bit judgmental and much too pretentious while trying hard to run up our bill with additional offerings, but I guess it comes with the territory, right? If you work in a joint that caters to the power hungry with corporate expense accounts, and all those pretentious new money rubes, it's gotta rub off on you to some degree. I suppose.Assuming I don't know a red from a white, or suggesting I consult your "som", because you don't see me dressed in my Sunday best, doesn't mean I don't know a Chateau d'Yquem from a Petrus, or a saghanaki from a provoleta, or a paella from a fideua......you get the point. At any rate, although the food was good, it was totally overpriced in my book. I've had better meals in less pricier joints with more character, better service and tastier food.At any rate, I'd been wanting to try this place and I did, however, I'll go elsewhere, the next time I crave some OPAAAA!!!!Good times in Frisco 415.
Probably my favorite place to eat in SF.This is a loud restaurant. No matter what room you're in, you're going to hear a good sized roar. That's part of the experience to me.The service is spot on but rarely in your face. Sometimes they have "suggestions" which, as my friend Nick says, they take pretty seriously. But if you know what you want they'll quickly back down.Nick also recommended ordering a lot of apps--this is not a bad strategy. Their grilled octopus salad is unlike anything I've tasted anywhere else. You pretty much can't go wrong with anything on the menu though.Perhaps my only gripe is with their desserts. I have to give them credit for keeping it Mediterranean, but nothing really jumps out as amazing.
I thought this place was excellent. After walking in the front doors, I asked where the bathrooms were and I was SHOCKED how big this place was. Very cool atmosphere. On my way to the bathroom, I got lost and asked a server - she walked me to the elevator which I thought was very nice... without a doubt, they were busy.My colleague and I ordered lamb burgers exactly the same with green salad instead of fries. The waiter sort of smirked - not sure why... maybe because it was the cheapest item and we are low lives? I also asked for only a small amount of sauce and he grinned again. Just seemed odd. Anyway - when I got my burger, it had the sauce caked on it.Despite the waiter trying to screw it up, everything at this place was quite excellent. The service was speedy and the staff was very nice. Their menu is a decent size with a lot of options. I will say - if you're a very picky eater, I don't recommend coming here... especially if you don't like this type of food!The burger was nicely spiced.. and while I am not a huge fan of lamb, it was quite tasty and cooked exactly how we ordered it (most places are really bad at this!). It is served on a delicious pita bread.I'd definitely go back here.
What can I say but Greattttttttttt! Came here for a work dinner and have to say great service and awesome food. Came back 3 more times after that
Kokkari is an amazing place to eat! The ambiance is outstanding and the food is very authentic Greek! Server was very friendly and explained everything in detail! Would surely return.....
Went for lunch and had a great time! Grilled octopus was amazing. Tender, juicy, well seasoned. Wasn't impressed with the greek salad - just tomatoes and cucumbers.. they were fresh, but meh. Roasted butternut squash dish was delicious. Brussels sprouts weren't anything extraordinary. The little gem salad was quite disappointing. Just a few sheets of lettuce, sliced apples, and candied walnuts. Now onto the entrees.. I ordered the lamb chops per every other yelp review. OMG the. best. lamb I've ever had, and I don't even like lamb. Don't be distracted by other things on the menu - fish? I tried it - flavorful, but meh. chicken skewers? dry - very dry. lamb skewers? juicy, but nothing compared to the chops. The service was impeccable. I am on a very restrictive diet (hayyy new year's resoluton!) and even with my ridiculous requests, the server was kind, attentive, and ON POINT. She went back to the kitchen numerous times to find out exact ingredients of each dish and explained to me how things were made (this was for my own knowledge / replicability benefits). Definitely will be going back.
Solid food. I had some fantastic fish of the day here, along with some of the best babaghanouj (eggplant) I ever had anywhere.The fish was cooked perfectly, with just the right amount of salt and grilled char, while still slightly moist inside, while covered in all the right Mediterranean spices. The babaghanouj was flavorful, smoky, and perfect with the pita bread.I also had some fantastic house wines here. It was a good recommendation by the staff here, and perfect with the food. Compliments to the chef for his/her selections.I highly recommend the seafood and babaghanouj here. You really can't go wrong.
I'm glad we went there for diner couple of weeks ago, yesterday was rated Zagat beat restautant in SF, we better book six month in advance.Octopus , smelts for appetizers, and of coarse the lamb shanks.
Dinner with the BF and it was Fancy =DI had made a reservation so we were seated immediately at a nice table for two in the corner. From my seat I had a great view of the spit where they were roasting meat which was definitely a treat! Our server was very nice but it was occasionally hard to get a hold of him because he was responsible for a good amount of tables in the vicinity. The bread they give you to start with is delicious and they will replenish the basket as many times as you wish! So legit. We ordered the zucchini cakes, chicken livers, and the crispy smelts to start with, and then we decided to share the goat stew for our entree. Service was really quick for the zucchini cakes so we were able to dive right in on those. I was a bit disappointed because they were smaller than I thought they would be, but at least they were tasty! Still not a very good deal at $10.75 for two... I did not like the chicken livers but we ordered these for my boyfriend as he loves them. He said they were pretty good and they did give a decent portion. My favorite were the fried SMELTS! I was a bit surprised that I liked them so much, given that it's a whole small fish, but it was deep fried and crispy and when we dipped it in a side of tzatziki sauce it was AMAZING! Seriously this is an underrated item on the menu, ORDER THE SMELTS. $10.50 for a huge plate of them! After we finished the plate I was kind of full and was scared we weren't going to be able to finish the goat stew lolThe goat stew was very good, I'm glad we chose that over an exorbitantly priced whole fish (price was "As Quoted" aka "Market Price" -____-) The stew was served in a cast iron dish and it was piping hot when it arrived. Lots of meat in there which was great and the addition of the artichoke hearts really gave it a nice tart taste to punch up the flavor. Although it's pricey ($30-something) it's worth it and it's something special because when do you really eat GOAT?We were too full for dessert but maybe I can come back another time and try some Baklava. The ambiance was nice, definitely somewhere to take someone you are looking to impress or if you are looking for a romantic night ;)
Wow, I had heard this restaurant was wonderful so I was eager to try it out. Everything I had heard about what to eat, where to sit and when to go was absolutely true. Go anytime, eat within range of the kitchen to enjoy the tremendous scents from the meals being cooked, eat the lamb, try the "cheesecake" and sample as many appetizers as you can. We had a group of us eating together so sharing was encouraged. Everything was terrific, hot from the kitchen, plated and served beautifully. Even the remaining olive oil on the plates was consumed using the bread on the table. For our group nothing was left on the plates. Kokkari offers a wonderful and unique dinning experience.
Kokkari has to be making bank! We felt we were lucky to get a reservation at this highly regarded restaurant at 1:45 PM on a Friday afternoon. We were a little surprised when we came in at that hour only to find every single table was occupied and there were another six or eight couples waiting for a table. Business is good!! We had dinner plans and wanted to have a light lunch, so we focused mainly on the small plates. The wine list is impressive with several delicious choices by the glass, of which we liked a Riesling and a Pinot Gris. For food We had octopus, calamari, peas with feta cheese, and Saghanaki. The hot cheese plate was our favorite. We thought the octopus was possibly a bit overcooked. The atmosphere was packed but pleasant and the service was fine. A galaktoboureko dessert was perfect. Expectations were so high we left just a tad disappointed, but no doubt the owners are doing lots of things right.
Had a delicious dinner at Kokkari. A lovely atmosphere. It's huge but it doesn't feel big because it's broken into several rooms. --The crispy zucchini cakes were as good as people say (and I was skeptical). Not oily and the accompanying tzatziki very tasty. --The grilled octopus was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. --The king salmon was also perfectly cooked with delicious sides. The lamb chop was delicious.--The only not great part of the meal was the rice pudding dessert, which was heavy on either clove or nutmeg (I'm not good at distinguishing). Would happily go again!
One of my favorite restaurants and it is as good as ever !We had a wonderful server and the food was absolutely delicious and it was packed on a later Monday night.Zucchini cakes,Kalamari,Octopus Stew - all out of this world. Lamb Souvlaki,Whole Dorade and Lamb Shank are equally great.Great timing, great wine menu. I don't know how they do it.but I just love coming here....
We tried out Kokkari Estiatorio on MLK Day Mon 1/21/13 without reservations for lunch. It was easy to get a table. There's 2 dining rooms & a bar where you can eat too. Tablehopper mentioned it as another good place for solo dining.Still or Sparkling Water - I go for the Tap, they don't charge for that.FREE bread - it's good with good olive oil & some salt on the side.We got 6 things:lamb riblets $9.75 - yummy! 6 small lamb riblets, fall off the bone, tender, good stuff. Avgolemono $8 -Egg/lemon/chicken soup - it's tangy, creamy, some chicken meat. I liked it fine.Pikti - terrine of Berkshire pig trotters & head w/ pickled cucumber & egg $9.50 - it's a starter, 2 round things of meat w/ some pickled cucumber & egg. I liked it ok, not my favorte.Octopus salad $14.50 - B. liked it, I found the octopus nice & tender.Greek salad $8 small - sliced up cucumber with skin peeled (that makes a huge difference), some tomatoes, feta cheese, some green bell pepper, red onions, & 3 greek olives with pit. I liked it.Galaktoboureko $8 - dessert! 2 filo things stuffed with semolina custard, some quince on the side, & small scoop of pistachio ice cream. It's yummy.Our total $62.80 before tip. It's expensive, but worth it.Bathrooms: Take the elevator down to Basement, Look for M (Mens) on the Right or W (womens) on Left- a lady came out of the M (mens) bathroom real fast, haha!Sister restaurant is Evvia in Palo Alto.
Awesome food! Great Ambiance! Great Drinks! Definitely on the pricey side but I would recommend this place to anyone that likes well seasoned and flavorful food!
Solid food every time worth the price, my coworker and I ordered an app, entree, dessert everything was spot on! Must try the Greek coffee and I also love the lamb.
We saw Kokkari written up as the best restaurant in San Francisco... and it turned out to be everything we expected. They took us to our table at 1:45 - exactly the moment of our reservation - the sign of a first-class operation.We decided to have a lunch made up of shared appetizers... our waiter (I'm forgetting his name, but he was Turkish) was extraordinarily helpful and flexible.We had the octopus... smelts... sunchokes... squash... and grape leaves stuffed with duck. Each dish was better than the last. Brilliantly conceived and presented, surprising and delighting the palette.We closed things out with a rich and satisfying Greek coffee.The ambiance was pure class - wood and warmth. I can't say enough about this restaurant. I think I would come back to SF (we're from Virginia) just to go there again.
So my Director took us out for a job well done at Moscone Center West. This was the place she chose, and at first, I must admit I was skeptical."Can we go to Gary Danko..puhlease?" I begged her, but she said it was on the banned list from our company credit card. Guess someone beat me too it, and ran up the bill as to flag the place. No worries, I thought, we'll do some damage here. I say "damage," but I don't drink, thus to make things even with my co-worker's tabs, I like to order appetizers, and plenty of them. My buddy Dennis couldn't make it, so I decided to bring him back a lengthy report on this place. Bottom line; the appetizers were pretty good, and the fish and lamp chops seemed like the way to go.Spanakotiropita: Pretty good, although it was a little dryDolmathes: Nice and flavorfulBaked Feta: My co-workers loved this, I thought it was "too cheesy," but yeah, I know, it's feta which is cheeseZucchini Cakes: Loved this. We were pushing and pulling the plate.Brussels Sprouts: Healthy and good; not dry.Grilled Calamari: Again, we were fighting over this dish. Very tasty.Grilled Meatballs: We practically stabbed each other with our forks and knives trying to get more because this one was so good.Whole fish: 75% of my co-workers ordered this, and it looked great. Everyone said it was delicious and fresh.Lamb chops: 10% of my co-workers ordered this dish, and when I saw it, I wish I had too. Looked amazing.Mosharisia Brizola - charcoal-grilled, dry-aged rib-eye with braised greens & Kokkari potatoes, which is what I ordered. The waiter promised it would be favorable and a big portion. he got the big portion right, just not the flavor. It seemed like it had a little salt and pepper. Very plain. I gave it to my neighbors dog when I got home, because it was just way too bland for my taste. The dog loved it though.
I really wanted to give this place five stars but I simply cant. It is the top rated place in zagat and one of the top in yelp. So I took my gf there for my one year work anniversary and for her getting a new job. Dont get me wrong. The food is phenomenal and for that alone it should be five star. But somehow I expected more polished and professional service froma restaurant people consider among the best here. And while some had this spirit of hospitality, others simply did not. like my bread basket which we had to laboriously ask to refill. Or a cold no when I asked if it was possible for the squid to be made without dairy since I am lactose. A shame. The prawns, lamb, meatball, fish and birds nest dessert were amazing. But the service left a luttle taste in my mouth. Sorry.
The food and ambience here is excellent. I've been here several times and have always enjoyed it. It's great for large groups. I planned a successful surprise party here, as well as a graduation celebration and both were perfect at Kokkari. I can't recommend this place enough, it's definitely one of the best in San Francisco.
Make reservations ahead of time- this place is packed and rightfully so.The free coat check is a plus and it makes you feel automatically welcomed into this beautiful restaurant. The Zucchini Cakes and Grilled Octopus are absolutely amazing.The boyfriend ordered the Grilled Lamb Chops- very filling and tender. Lamb isn't my meat of choice but I took a bite and it was delicious- that is saying a lot.I had the Ravioli (ravioli of kale & ricotta cheese with butternut squash, mushrooms & toasted hazelnuts). I wish they would have given you more than just 4 or 5- it wasn't filling at all. Overall, a wonderful restaurant, and the service is wonderful.
The main courses were large...very large. The quality was excellent. The presentation was more in line with eating family style. In fact, that was our mistake. There were three of us and instead of sharing two mezze and three main courses we should have had four mezze and one main course.However, I am gluten-free and found the mezze possibilities to be limited. I suspect this is what drove the table away from more traditional mezze (ie, filo dough).
Kokkari is my favorite restaurant to eat in San Francisco. I used to work with a friend who introduced me to this lovely restaurant. She was friend's with the family who owns the restaurant. We would bring clients to dinner here and I would always come here for Valentine's dinner or other special occasions. What i love to eat here is almost the entire menu. Whole grilled fish, grilled octopus that is so tender your mouth waters, lamb chops, and lovely salads too.I really enjoy the atmosphere and overall dining experience. If you just want to meet for a drink and a few starters at the bar, you will be happy you came here. I'm sure you will share a lasting memory that you will remember forever.
Loved this place! I had lunch here with my good friend, Linda the Great. How great is she? She's so great, she makes Alexander the Great, look like Alexander the Wuss!  We have lunch once a month and it was my turn to pick the restaurant. My shrink recommended it! He's Greek, and he said it was the best Greek restaurant in the Bay Area. The place was packed and we didn't know that we needed a lunch reservation, so we sat at the bar. We shared the Spanikopita, the best I ever had. Her Greatness had the Ravioli with squash, cheese, mushrooms and toasted pine nuts. I had the Moussaka. Everything was sooo good!  Roberto(don't think he was Greek!) was our wonderful bartender. I wanted some Greek wine(Uber was taking me home!) and told him to surprise me. He brought me a wonderful red wine(magnus). We shared the Baklava with ice cream. OMG!  Verrrrrry good!  The restaurant is beautiful. You take an elevator down to the bathroom!  Her Greatness and I decided that this was the best restaurant that we've been to so far in San Francisco! Woohoo!
My husband and I live in East Bay and have only heard amazing things about this place. We happened to be in SF and decided to stop by to see if we could get in on a Thursday night around 6:45. Of course the restaurant was jam packed. The hostess was so nice and was able to squeeze us in. The food was great! We ordered the grilled octopus appetizer, lamb chops and the house special rotisserie lamb. We can't wait to come back. We had to try their liquor ouzo and their Greek coffee. Our favorite was a dessert that had orange peels, a baklava shell stuffed with pudding. It was sooooo good. Can't wait to come back.
Oh my gosh! This place was recommended by a coworker and so we thought let's give it a try. We loved it!!! The Manager Doug gave us one of the best tables in the house, so romantic. We started out at the Bar which is where we met him along with another couple that are regulars at the restaurant. We started out with the Artichoke Hearts and then the Lamb Chops for the Entree's. The food was fabulous and everyone was so nice there. They treat you like family. My husband and I would definitely go back here and recommend .
I've had much better, especially for the price.Visited Kokkari the other week due to the high reviews given by the other reviewers. To me the whole experience average at best. Especially the food was a quite a big let down, it was just lacking in all respects.In Kokkari you can satisfy your hunger but not your senses.
What is not to love?? My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and we were both super pleased! The food is excellent, the service is spectacular, and I had one of the best zins I have ever had. The atmosphere is much more lush and cozy than I anticipated, not stuffy or pretentious at all. I am not a huge pork fan, but I had their special of the night- they roast their own meats on an incredibly elegant spit in their restaurant for the customers to see! How cool is that! It was so delicious and the chicharrons that accompanied my dish were out of this world! Totally ruined pork for me for the rest of my life!   Seriously, if you haven't been to Kokkari, you absolutely have to drop everything you're doing and make a reservation pronto! Or you can go and sit at their bar- same menu and amazing wine and liquor selection.Thank you Kokkari for being amazing and I look forward to visiting you again soon!
Before I moved back to San Francisco I lived in San Mateo, CA. During that time I was usually down at 44 Montgomery Street what seemed like every Friday afternoon. The best part of the whole ordeal was how the work for that day would end...rolling a few blocks away to Kokkari.They saw my exasperated body coming; the very cool people at Kokkari even know my favorite table. Always and without asking there was something with a little blush and fizz in a long stem glass in front of me. After one of those and half way through another I was ready to order...no matter what it was...the food never let me down.I moved back to San Francisco 3 years ago and last night was the first time I had reservations at Kokkari...and able to make it. What a great time I had...at my favorite table with GREAT SERVICE. If you go...try to sit at a table that JEFF is serving. He's good at his job and a lot of fun...he's also knows how to match food, drink, and you.I posted pictures of all the dishes I had except the meatballs, zucchini cakes (Kolokithokeftethes) with cucumber & mint yogurt dressing, Greek salad, and fresh Acme Italian bread...they were gone before the plate was placed on our table; I couldn't help it...it was that good!Besides the above we shared the following usual suspects: Grilled Octopus (Octapodaki tou Yiorgou); Grilled calamari (Kalamari) stuffed with feta, fennel, orange with black olives. As if that weren't enough...we ordered two of the specials: Frito Misto...the best EVER...ANYWHERE; we 'dug' into baked fresh crab and garlic with toasted French bread - this should be placed permanently on the menu while in season...you have never tasted crab like this...it melts in your mouth...all the flavors blended...OMG!!!Couldn't leave without my favorite dessert of any and all restaurants...the filo stuffed with warm custard, along side of crme fraiche ice cream, and last night it came with a beautiful deep orange, perfectly ripe quince. I was so excited to taste it...took a few bites...but then remembered the picture just in time...you can see what's missing in the submitted picture.All of the above dishes did not let me down...just sad...that it took so long to get back to Kokkari. The food alone is why you can't get in there without a reservation...but the service is outstanding and so is the sweetest most coolest manager anywhere...Doug Dietz. If you go and are lucky enough to see him and/or Jeff...give them a big kiss for me.Finally...the 'roll' home from there not only took the edge off ALL the food I ate...but sobered me up. The air was brisk...but calm and all the city lights were shining bright.Thank you Doug...Jeff...and Kokkari!
I had heard that this is the sister restaurant of Evvia in Palo Alto, which I love, so obviously I had to try it. We ordered the lamb chops (amazing. seriously - get them.), the special pork chop (not the best- go to Nopa for a better pork chop), and the moussaka (super tasty but I feel like you can get good moussaka at any Greek restaurant). We also started with this fried feta appetizer and spanakopita, which were both fantastic. Overall I would say the food is similar if not the same as Evvia, but the key difference here is that this restaurant is much more upscale. Men should be wearing jackets and I probably shouldn't have been wearing combat boots and jeans. The interior is absolutely gorgeous and I love that the chairs are all unique to each table. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a ritzy dinner spot to impress someone (client, parent, etc.).
Oh good Lordy, top 5 SF resturants for me. This was my first time going to Kokkari and I will surely be back. I was surprised at how reasonably priced most dishes were. I went for a company lunch and my boss, true to form, ordered just about everything on the menu; it's going to be a sad rediscovery to dine out without this boss once my time with her has ended. A few favorites of mine and the rest of the party: - Baked feta, so warm and salty- Pita bead, thick and soft and chewy- Spanakotiropita, blended cheese and spinach inside philo dough- Wood oven roasted prawns- Fried Smelts, which I want more of RIGHT NOW, tons of lemon juice and hummus for dipping- Lamb riblets, drizzled with olive oil and garnished with oregano and lemon, I was literally gnawing at the bone after the meat was gone, I have no shame- Dolmathes, actually my first time trying these, though I eat a fair amount of Greek food, I was very happy with themI didn't really care for the meatballs, but I come from an Italian family where meatballs are crazy tender and flavorful, so I have very high meatball standards.For my entree I had the Grilled Lamb Chops (shocking, I know). They were so delicious and perfectly seasoned. I rarely order lamb but this may be my new favorite food. I took one chop home for later and gave my roommate a bite to try (mainly because I was so stuffed from all the appetizers) and she was over the moon about it and raved the next day too. We again got every dessert, and I was thrilled with the ice cream flavors. I shared a fudge sundae and picked at each ice cream, the praline flavor was very good, and we had the Sokolatina for a birthday in our company. I quietly asked the busser for a coffee after I realized I wanted some, and I didn't think he heard me, but guess what, guys? He did, and soon I was sipping on my own cup.Everyone told me the server really makes the experience, and I could not agree more. If you have the option, choose to sit in Michael's section! He is so sweet and funny and really made me feel at home, this being MY first time, but my party goes annually. The resturant staff was very accomodating and moved our party of 10 to a large round table near the window, outside of Michael's section, but still kept us with him as our server, really nice, simple touches make for the best service.
Two of us for a light dinner before a show.Ordered appetizers - all were average. roasted beets - oksmelt - fried - how can it go wrongcalamari - the calamari was great ; the stuffing okspinach filo - good and flakypita bread with vegetables/mouse - boy the pita wasn't to our taste. it was thick and doughy
so many people recommended this restaurant, that we had to go try it. it's a fine dining greek restaurant with a michelin star. this place is HUGE!! walking to the bathroom meant that i go all the way through the two dining rooms, then down the stairs and back. we sat in the room near the hostess. it was a hot day but they still had the fire going roasting up those rotisserie chickens. luckily we didn't sit too close to it.it's crowded and full. we went for a late lunch, so we were able to get a table for two with no problems. reservations highly recommended. complimentary bread - served with sea salt. we asked for some olive oil. they use greek olive oil.grape leaves and zucchini cakes had nice flavors and tasty complimentary sauces but it didn't quite wow me..grilled octopus salad - i love grilled octopus. it's a must when i dine at greek places. this was my favorite dish of our late lunch.chicken souvlaki - this to me was just ordinary. you could probably find juicier chicken kebabs at a greek place for under $10they are well known for their lamb...like the lamb riblets, but we are not fond of that protein. we've also tried their sister restaurant in the south bay, evvia, which was okay. personally, if i were going to get fine dining greek, i would probably go to dio deka in los gatos. all in all a good experience but doesn't quite get the 5 stars for me.
Just so you know, they don't actually do online reservations, because if you try, you will get a pile of voicemails asking you to call them to confirm. When I finally found a minute to return the call (why did I bother using Open Table?) I was put on hold for quite a while. I'd prefer they didn't offer online reservations if they don't honor them.
We are celebrating our 47th anniversary at Kokkari and looking forward to being amazed with the whole experience. our son is one of the chefs, we are very proud.
This place deserves 5 start and nothing else. they offer service of $$$$$ and charge you $$.Amazingly delicious food with such a reasonable price. Zucchini cake and custard dessert were so flavorful. Will come back for sure.
My husband and I wanted to dine at this restaurants during our vacation in SF after reading amazing reviews in yelp and trip advisor. In my opinion the food was good and for my husband it was great but it didn't reach amazing. I had the lamb shank with orzo and my husband had the lamb chops with potatoes. The server recommended a side if mushrooms with halloumi cheese not on the menu and it was pretty good. In terms if pricing, the expensive items are the entree with the lamb dishes in the $32+. The sides and appetizers are between $8-14Our 2 appetizers, 1 side, 2 lamb entrees and a bottle of sparkling water cost around $125.  The ambiance, decor and customer service were indeed great but my hubby and I both agree that we probably wouldn't repeat it hence the four stars.
Popular lunch spot for both business groups and ladies lunches. We came to celebrate my birthday. The restaurant is pretty expansive as it wraps around the corner of the block with two dining areas: one at the front near the bar and the other toward the back/kitchen, which is where we sat. We were seated a table away from the busy kitchen area and it made for a very hectic meal with the waiters continuously moving back and forth. We especially realized this upon walking through the other dining room to exit and noticed how much more calm and relaxing it was. If you can, ask to be seated in the room at the entrance. Lemon-egg soup: smooth and minimally tart but too potent of an egg taste. It does grow on you after a couple minutes. Unique but wouldn't order again.Grilled Octopus: Very tender and well prepared, but it could have used a bit more grilling/smokiness.Housemade grilled pita with favosalata: Pita is thick, not what you would typically expect of pita. Favosalata was ok.Squash Ravioli: Very Good. Full of texture and flavor with nuts, mushrooms and cheese. Loads of butter.Galaktoboureko : Custard in filo dough, shaped like spring rolls and fried. Served with Pistachio ice cream. Very good. Overall, the food was pretty good. Ambiance would have been better had we been seated elsewhere. Definitely glad I tried Kokkari but not a place I feel I need to return again or have my children experience.
This is a stunning restaurant and a huge one. It embodies a perfect blend of Northern California meets Mediterranean style-think relaxed but elegant furnishings, many shades of blue, fire places, beam ceilings, etc. the ambiance is just superb.The food was also good. I had 2 small plates-a chickpea and pepper spread with pitas as well as the meatballs. The spread was good and the pitas were heavenly (fresh baked with the perfect amount of salt). The meatballs were also good-juicy, flavorful (heavy balance of tomato flavor) and came in a great portion for a small plate. I had the traditional chicken lemon chicken soup (referring to all entrees by content rather than Greek names as they're escaping me) and it wasn't my favorite. It was more like a cream based soup with no garnish when I was expecting more of a broth based soup with actual chicken, rice, etc. I'd go back again, but I would order a different main, perhaps fish or the zucchini cakes as Kokkari seems to be known for both. A great spot for a date or to meet up with a friend who is staying in Union Square (which I happened to be for a wedding) as the restaurant is close to the touristy part of town but does not feel the least bit touristy.
BEST restaurant ever!!! I am not from San Fransisco but my brother lives here and loves it too. He comes here at least once a week and I must saw, I would too. The atmosphere is so cool and the whole restaurant really follows a Mediterranean theme. First, their homemade bread is to die for and you can tell how fresh it is. We ordered grilled artichoke with veggies for an appetizer and it was awesome. It came with a big scoop of the best Greek yogurt I've ever had. I ordered the roasted chicken with potatoes and string beans. It was so good and juicy. My mother ordered the lamb chops and my father ordered the daily rotisserie lamb. Both tasted amazing but the rotisserie lamb was my favorite. For dessert, we got the greek yogurt with nuts and honey, Greek doughnuts, and the Baklava. The Greek yogurt was amazing and came with dates, nuts, and fresh honey. The homemade doughnuts were so delicious and tasted like funnel cakes! The baklava was amazing and came with a scoop of delicious ice cream! I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant!
11111122Abcdefghijklmnipd age Fuji egg tifd ChadThere's again Shri rifIt's great I'll come back for sure. Love the food and ambiance there'
Go here during lunch Monday thru Friday if you want to feel important. The restaurant is nice. The food is delicious. But that atmosphere is ver "business professionals from the Fidi having a work lunch. I came here with my three tall male coworkers who were wearing a button down and slacks. I was probably wearing jeans and a shirt and I did not straighten my hair that day. And all I could think about was how I should have stepped it up. Although fortunately because I didn't dress the part I also didn't eat the part. Three male coworkers eating salad. ....I ate the lamb while they salivated looking at my plate. #mustgetthelamb
Four girlfriends for a holiday lunch.Highlights - * nice corner booth* friendly wait staff* generous grilled lamb chops. Two chops cooked medium with three roasted steak potato fries. Need improvement - * zucchini cakes - the inside was lukewarm. Great bread basket. Plenty of crusty bread. Dipped into olive oil already poured on a small salad plate.We shared the zucchini cakes, the grilled octopus, the lamb riblets, and the butter lettuce salad. My share including a glass of Malbec $60.00 with tax & tip. Definitely a special occasion place if you're paying out of pocket.  There was a huge wait as we were leaving. The restaurant is located in the financial district so there were lots of business types.
Walking in here transcends you to another world indeed. Its spacious, rustic old world feel is eye-opening and fascinating. The fireplace in the center of the restaurant  not only provides for some romantic ambiance but also serves as a rotisserie. Kinda weird but sooo cool at the same time since nobody sees that often in any fine dining establishment. From their super-hefty extensive wine list, we started dinner off with a bottle of Neal Family '07 Cab. Gigantes (beans with tomato sauce), Kolokithokeftethes (zucchini cakes) for appetizers and Kotopoulo Souvlas (lemon-oregano chicken) and Arnisia Paidakia (lamb chops) for dinner. Every single food item was absolutely superb. It was so much food and just enough at the same time. If that even makes sense?!Definitely looking forward to coming back and checking out their dessert since we didn't have time, or room, for any. Dining here was truly fabulous and utterly memorable to say the least. The only thing is....bathrooms are located downstairs by way of an elevator. So be sure you don't wait til last minute to get to the bathroom you might just wet yer pants.
Kokkari is my all time favorite restaurant in SF! Excellent food and amazing wine list! It is a little expensive, but worth every penny. The food is top quality, servers are extremely professional and the atmosphere is beautiful. Always a fun, lively crowd. Most servers are truly Greek, making the experience seem very authentic! It's a party at Kokkari where everyone drinks and eats well!
I love food and almost never write a review, but I had to for Kokkari. The food here is amazing (a must try is the fried smelt (screw garlic fries, the Giants need to be serving this at games), the duck ravioli (Fuggedaboudit!! What can I say, I'm Italian), and the lamb chops (Medium rare people!) were so tender and full of flavor (the best I've had). Not to mention the wine selection was great. I ordered some Duck Horn Cab Sauvignon and the waiter recommended another great white wine after that one. To top it off we had a great little fried cheese dessert thing, I dunno, amazing though! Plus some Greek coffee. But perhaps one of the best moments of the night was our waiter, YES, can't believe I'm sayin' it either. You the man, Max! He's a sassy guy (but in the best way), very professional, actually knows his stuff! Brought out the dishes at the perfect time. Funny as hell! Giving just the right amount of attention as to not ignore us nor talk our ear off. I know it's a tough business, I used to work in the service industry and it can suck, but he seemed genuine when talking to us and helped make the experience more than amazing! Like I said, I rarely write reviews and I appreciate Max making our experience a great one. Now what are you waiting for, get your butt to Kokkari!!
OK, so here's the thing. I went to Kokkari for a work thing and didn't pay for my meal so didn't pay too much attention to the prices. Also, I'm a vegetarian so I didn't even bother to look at the choices much and just scoped out the one vegetarian dish on the menu.It was very crowded there and we had to literally push our way in, even though we had reservations.I had their zucchini cakes, watermelon with feta cheese and their squash ravioli w/pine nuts. It was all delicious. I have seen lots of reviews about snobby waiters, hostesses, etc. I did not experience this; our waiter was a very nice man.What blew it for me here was, we were seated at a large table pretty much right by the large open fireplace. They lit a fire and I thought, "Oh, how nice..." as it was cold out that day. Well, about 30 min. later they marched in with a large pig, everything but the head and put him on the spit and started roasting him right there in front of me.UGH!!!!!!! Now, people eat meat in front of me all the time. My hubby is not a vegetarian and I'm not one of THOSE vegetarians. I am not rude to people and I don't inflict my lifestyle on anyone. But who the hell wants to see a roasting pig right in front of them??????????????? I don't. Even my hubby (who wasn't there) was grossed out. The skin sizzled and popped and turned pink...juice dripped into the fire and I frankly wanted to cry then puke.Not everyone wants to see that shit, seriously. It was not pleasant and had I not been with work people and been paying for my own meal I would have politely requested to be moved away. I don't understand cooking an animal like that - that still looks like an animal - right in front of everyone. It's just gross and mean. Eat whatever meat you want because that's your prerogative but don't inflict cooking it on paying guests.
I absolutely loved it. I'm a big fan of Evvia in Palo Alto and decided to try Kakkoria. The menu is very aimilar and food is just as delicious! I had a seabass from the gods. The appetizers were bith amazing too, the cakamari and the prawns. I love this place!
Favorite spot in the city. Good for any occasion. Great food and service! Easy 5 stars
Everything here is amazing and the service impeccable. If you give fewer than 5 stars, you're a liar.
A great date night spot, but for someone who doesn't eat lamb the choice was very limited. Not sure if there is anything more to add since this place has so many reviews, but I do find their appetizer selections much more interesting than main courses - again, probably because 90% of the main course selection involves some form of lamb. I loved the grilled octopus, much more flavorful than the plain zucchini cake. We also tried the grilled chicken, which is as bland as it can be.
Warm atmosphere. Good (not great!) food. Good service.I was expecting a super star, and it isn't that, but a solid meal. It's really big, and I suspect that's why the food is just high-end-average and not out of the park.
Wow! This place is full on a Monday night! I can't believe it. We didn't make any reservations because we thought we don't have to since it was Monday night. What a surprise! Restaurant was packed. They could seat us down but told us there is another reservation for that table at 8:00pm. It was 6:30pm. We had 2 appetizers, mushrooms and duck dumplings. Both were really good. For dinner I had lamb chops with potatoes and my friend tried butternut squash pasta. The lamb chops had lots of fat on it. I probably wouldn't order it again. The paste was ok. They brought a bread with olive oil but when we asked for balsamic they said they don't have it :-( so I had to ask for butter instead. I don't like to dip my bread in oil alone. I was celebrating my bday so they brought me scoop of ice cream at the end which was a nice touch. Their cocktail list is not very good. You have to know what you want and hope the bartender can make it.
I love this restaurant! The Ribeye is very tender and has lots of flavor. All employees are really nice and attentive.
On Service over the Phone Only!I have dined at this fabulous restaurant and enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere - LOVED it!HOWEVER, I called to bring a group (this is what I do for a living) and literally have never been so rudely dealt with by the obviously overworked person answering the phone at 10:00 a.m. on a Monday morning. I will not be bringing any groups here.
Best meal(s) I've had in a long, long time.I've worked downtown for years but never realized Kokkari was so close - it is tucked away in an unassuming corner of Jackson Square. However, I'm glad I finally saw the light: I have been treated to several incredible meals since, both lunch and dinner.This is the perfect place to have a leisurely business lunch, or bring an out-of-town special guest for dinner. The restaurant is lowly lit and has a warm, homey quality to it despite being very upscale - something to do with the baskets of bread in front, the chickens roasting on the spit in the front room, and the Greek coffee bubbling away in sand in the back dining area. Staff is knowledgeable, helpful and knows when to step back and let you enjoy your meal.Favorite dishes, over multiple visits, are:- Calamari stuffed with feta, black olives & oranges - enough said- Octopus appetizer, grilled to perfection- Gigante bean appetizer - sounds unassuming, but the sauce is wonderfully flavored- Heirloom tomato salad with halloumi cheese (although believe this is seasonal)- Grilled whole fish - perfectly cooked, with crispy skin and a buttery lemon sauce- Baklava & baklava ice cream for dessert: baklava is packed with cinnamon and cloves, and the ice cream is rich and deliciousAnd finally, must try the Greek coffee! Smooth, sweet and comes in little cups that are the perfect size for an after-dinner pick-me-up.
Wow. The whole grilled Bronzino and octopus appetizer was amazing. I would come back every day if there were open reservations. The service is excellent as well as their selection of wines. Great place for big groups
This place is great! You get great food, ambiance and service. I like sitting near the fireplace in the main room if I can. The moussaka is my favorite dish! We give gift certificates as gift and recipients are always happy!
Took my parents here for their anniversary. We loved the zucchini cakes and lamb chops.
Had the lamb chops as the main course- which are delicious. For apps we had the brussel sprouts and shrimp- I was pleasantly very surprised as I'm not a huge brussel sprouts type of girl. Dessert was fantastic- had the house speciality-luckily I got the last one. The semolina dessert is the way to go:) Atmosphere was very nice except we had a group near us which were extremely loud and somewhat obnoxious-could have done without that.Our service was fabulous and we look forward to going again.
My husband and I came here with another couple on a Tuesday evening in July while visiting San Francisco. The earliest reservation we could get was 9:30PM and it was packed when we arrived. The dining and bar areas are very warm and inviting. The dcor was classic but with a modern twist. We had a little bit of everything from the menu and it was all good. I'm a well seasoned Greek foodie and I didn't obsess over any items but at the same time I didn't dislike anything. Our server was very knowledgeable and attentive. Not sure if I would come back for dinner since I don't live in the area but I would definitely come back for wine and an appetizer at the bar before trying dinner at a different place. If I had the option I would give Kokkari Estiatorio 3.5 stars.
If you want the term "IVE DINED AND GONE TO HEAVEN" lived in real life... This place is it! Another yelp find I decided to give it a try with my paramour. I called and made a reservation but they were booked till 9:30! They close at 10pm but still booked it early and came early in hopes to get seats. We came at 6pm and was seated right away. Early bird definitely gets the worm in this situation.We were walked straight to the back of the resto. This place is huge btw. Two good size rooms (one with seating and bar the other seating and kitchen). They even have a downstairs elevator that takes you to the restroom and a private party dinner area.This place doesn't look over the top so you won't need to dress to the nines. It looks family oriented and very comfortable. Nothing over the top furniture or uncomfortable modern seating. This definitely was my kind of place.The one thing I can say is that this place gives way to attention to detail. Everything is properly set up from the way your plate is position to how the utensils are laid out. Our waiter came and she was exquisite! It was the type of service you get leaving as if you want to give her more tip and a hug! She offered us a wine that was extremely delicious and paired greatly with our lamb and aged rib eye. The food was immaculate. I mean the lamb felt like butter in my mouth. The steak was medium rare to perfection.I never stay long for dinner but we got there at 6 and left around 8. Not because the food took long which all In all was served 15 mins or less, this was the kind of place that you actually sit and enjoy yourselves.I found a great place and I definitely got lucky!
Kokkari is a stunning restaurant. Incredibly warm, romantic, delicious, all the way down to -- as some reviewers commented -- the bathrooms. Speaking of bathrooms, Kokkari is also an amazing place for Sugar Daddies to take their well-preserved girlfriends. Talk about feeling like a misfit, when I went to use the ladies room, a gaggle of women were chatting, retouching, and keeping their beaus waiting outside. They were actually really sweet to me. Then apparently a gaggle of huffy men assigned my sister -- as she was also on the way to the warm, romantic, delicious bathroom -- to tell their women to hurry it up.The food here was pretty exceptional. I had the zucchini pancakes, my sister had some lamb meatballs, and together we split an incredibly memorable fish, the name of which I can't recall after a few months.The service was also perfect. I had made a reservation, that apparently, upon entering, was for the wrong date. The hostess totally understood and found us a small table within minutes. Our waiter was also incredibly charming and patient.Bring a date here. It's great.
Superb greek food and a stand out spot going on 20 years. Also, you will see celebs and well known biz types here. Everything is good. Excellent for large groups, or just one on one intimate dinners. I'm greek, but even i must admit the presentation and preparation of Greek food at Kokkari is superior to nearly anywhere, imcluding perhaps Athens & the Island in Greece, which is hard to fathom.And, the location is perfect.
There is NOTHING bad to say about this fantastic restaurant! I love all the appetizers and for the entrees I stick with the lamb chops or the moussaka. You truly can't go wrong with anything on the menu. It is necessary to have a reservation, as they do not have walk-ins. There are 3 rooms to sit in (in addition to the downstairs private party room-beautiful)- the front room is a little more quiet and romantic, the main room is lively- where you can watch the chefs at work, and the back room is great when they have all the windows open! One of my favorite places in The City!!
Finally made it here for dinner. This place packs up so reservations are a must. I made mine a week before. I love the ambience of this restaurant. For appetizer I had the zucchini cakes and they were delicious. I order the spiced lamb soluvki for dinner and it was the best lamb I've ever had. I was really impressed by the flavor and how well it was cooked. The service was outstanding and friendly. I can't wait to go back.
always a fantastic experience at Kokkari. Great food, great service. Healthy wine pours!I always get the lamb chops, and they are always perfect, with the lemon potatoes - yum! Last night we got the sundae for dessert. OMG!
Third time here and its definitely slipping. Food is still decent but overpriced. What's lacking is the warmth this place had, which was probably it's best asset. Hostess was super rude, our waiter was ok, but this used to be a place where you could always expect to be warmly greeted and treated well. Pity.
Everything was what we expected based on reading other reviews: delicious food, great service, and romantic/cozy atmosphere. I absolutely loved my lamb chops (Arnisia Paidakia); however, one of the chops (the plate comes with 3) was significantly overcooked. It still tasted good and I had 2 other perfectly cooked ones, so I didn't say anything, but I was still a little bothered by this. Also, I really didn't like how quickly the food came out. I know this sounds picky of me, but it felt rushed and not as enjoyable because I had to eat everything so fast. I think our entire meal was around 45 minutes, which included appetizers, soup, and entrees. I am glad I finally went to Kokkari, but I don't like feeling rushed when I eat and I think it is a bit overpriced. I have had comparable tasting Greek food (albeit not as nice of atmosphere) for a lot less.
Several vegetarian appetizers that are very good. You need to order 4 or 5 of them to make a meal out of it since there are no vegetarian entrees. Many folks on here made a comment about the zucchini cakes and it's true....scrumptious!  Also there's a dish with eggplant an artichoke, seriously good.The only complaint I have is the staff has a certain snobbish air about them. This is a fancy place and reservations are required. The hubbie and I shared a generous barstool at the bar.
LLOOOOVEEE Kokkari!!I've been twice and once was for my birthday dinner.The ambience is so intimate. The service is impeccable and the food is AMAZING!I have ZERO complaints!
I want to give this place 3.5 stars. The food hit the spot but to be perfectly honest, I'm not really quite sure what all the hype is about. We started with a selection of starters. Zucchini cakes and spanakopita were tasty but nothing special. We also tried the head cheese which was topped with boiled eggs and pickles. This was worth trying, if only because it's something out of the ordinary, but reminded me of what you'd get in a French restaurant. The highlight was the stuffed calamari. The orange slices really paired well with the grilled smokiness of the squid.Each couple shared a main. They were huge!  We had the braised lamb shank with orzo. The meat was tender, the orzo had a lemon-y tang to it but it wasn't anything really that special. My cousin and her husband shared the lamb chops. Again, nothing amazing although they said the potatoes were good.Service was good and attentive although perhaps a bit too long winded and chatty. By the time she got to the end of her spiel on the specials, you'd pretty much tuned out and forgot what she said.So overall, yes, a good restaurant but you won't go away wow'd in any way. It's solid cooking of simple foods. I would also say that they need to try and go with more local seafood. It seems unnecessary to be flying fish in from the Mediterranean.
Not a falafel in sight, as it should be. Always delicious. The staff is always friendly. Beautiful dining rooms. Once in a while the meal is a little hurried. But they do something amazing with fish. The lamb, goat, and moussaka are always incredible.
Awesome food. Have eaten here several times for work and more than several for pleasure. Bartender is the best in SF. Forget his name. Order a bunch of small plates if it's your first time. If available, the lamb on the spit is great.
their octopus was pretty good, chicken liver mousse was good as well
First visited Kokkari in the early 90s and have remained fond of this Jackson Square Greek bistro. The waiters used to refer to the fried smelts as "French Fries with Eyes". What more is there to be said about this joint except just try everything, everything is good. Good Mediterranean place to entertain for business or simply enjoy with friends, not too flashy and definitely not a dive, comfortable, clean and priced just about right for the setting and variety and quality of food and service as neither to be pretentious or shock nor be of exceptional value.
What an extraordinary restaurant. Had the best possible birthday lunch there yesterday. The zucchini cakes were off-the-charts delicious: fresh, bursting with flavor, great texture, wonderful sauce. The chicken kabob was yummy and moist. The wines were served at the perfect temperature. The desserts were amazing. The restaurant is gorgeous. Our waiter was a consummate professional who provided thoughtful, caring service (and a surprise birthday dessert for me). I absolutely love this place.
Went with a friend and sat at a table next to the bar. While we had reservations, there was no quiet table available. The food was wonderful. We started out sharing the roasted prawns. The sauce was amazing and the warm bread just soaked up the delicious sauce. Yum! For dinner I ordered a whole fish. It was great and they did take out some of the bones so it wasn't too bad bone wise. We each selected our own glasses of wine.It's a beautiful place and the waiter was okay. Not overly friendly. I just wish it would have been a bit less noisy. Other than that, it was great.
Gorgeous restaurant! So cozy and beautiful and the food was amazing! We shared the saganaki, the lamb riblets, the chicken liver (could have used more lemon), and duck ravioli. We then had a classic Greek salad made with delicious feta and some pretty awesome olive oil. Main dish was the lamb shank which was just incredible. Would definitely return!
Finally able to get a reservation here on a weekend. We ordered 2 appetizers(saghanaki and octapodaki), 2 entrees(lamb chop and rib eye) and a dessert(kataifi). Appetizers are both good, taste very similar to Nemea in San Jose. The entrees are disappointing. It's good but not spectacular like all the rave here. The rib eye is good but Lamb chop is bland. Portion is huge, we barely finish half of the entrees. The dessert is the star of the evening. It's very good! I wish I can just come and order dessert! The waiter told is that evvia restaurant @ palo alto is the sister restaurant to kokkari, so we might try that next since it's closer. It's worth trying this restaurant if you haven't been there before. There are several things I want to try from the appetizer options. Maybe next time!!
Thank you for the wonderful customer experience on our last night visiting from Phila! We didn't have reservations for a party of 4, miss communication on my part and the couple we were meeting, but they were still able to get us seated by 7:30! Now on to the food. The best grilled calamari, it was so tender and flavorful. We also had the zucchini cakes, portobello mushroom wrapped in bacon and a salad! Our entrees were even better, the grilled whole fish was cooked perfectly and so was my husbands bone in ribeye. I will def recommend this restaurant to my friends who visit from the east coast!
The restaurant is beautiful and the food is even better. The rib eye steak is flavored so well that you don't want to put anything else on it. It is perfect by itself. We also had the octopus appetizer and lamb shanks. I have been here several times because this is my favorite Bay Area restaurant. Everything is always so good.
Came here a couple of times just because and took a chance on it most recently for my birthday dinner with friends. I was surprised at how lucky I was to get a reservation for 11 people 1 week out but maybe it was because the request was for a Sunday. The service here was wonderful! Jeff was our server and he spoke intelligently of all the wines, specials and menu selections. We were seated in the back dining area right in front of the open faced kitchen. This added to the ambiance and everyone loved the mini show. The food was great -- I ordered the special of the night, Goat Stew, and was extremely happy with my selection! The bf ordered the spring lamb which he unfortunately found to be a bit cold upon arrival but decided not to say anything (not sure why). I was pretty much happy with everything -- but it is unfortunate that they don't comp dessert for birthday celebrations -- most restaurants comp or give an additional special dessert.It was kind of odd that we had to take an elevator to get down to the bathroom but hey, first time for everything.
I knew when I read the reviews I was going to have to come here during my stay in San Francisco. This is one of my favorite top 10 restaurants I have ever dined. From the fireplace and the rustic wood windows and floors I just loved the setting. Then our waiter was so attentive and friendly. Our service was the best I've had recently and our dining experience was amazing. Oh and the food? Wow- I wish I could try one of everything. I loved every dish we ordered. We started with the zucchini cakes- a huge hit and we were sad when it was over. I have to come back and order them again. We also had the stuffed calamari- I don't like calamari unless its fried and breaded but this was simply surprising. It wasn't the slimy unbreaded version of what I have had before in my lifetime- this was incredibly delicious. It was also good with my Santorini white wine. I'm not one to try new things especially when it's slimy squid or Octopus but after being so impressed with the stuffed calamari I tried my friends Octopus salad. This was a huge thing for me because I had tried Octopus in Paros, Greece and just couldn't get it down. I never thought I would ever try it again. Another Kokkari surprise- this was delectable so much so that if I come back and I really want too - I may order it. Now on to the lamb- my husband had the lamb chops and his only complaint is he wished they gave you more lamb - I did get to try a bite of his and his lamb was better flavor than my lamb soulvaki. My dish was very good but I preferred my husband over mine. I finished every last bite. I loved the tzatziki sauce with the pita. It's a little pricey but it's worth the price. I usually don't spend this much on lunch but since it was the best meal I had in San Francisco and in the top 10 of my lifetime I would say it's a destination restaurant. You can't miss this one when visiting. It's important to make a dinner reservation if you want to enjoy it on your trip. We came for lunch and almost every table was taken- we were lucky to have made our lunch reservation the day before. You really earned your 5 star review - it takes a lot sometimes to impress me but this experience was perfection and I am salivating back in Winter Park, CO for some Greek food.
We came here for a birthday dinner. We started off with the dolmas and lamb riblets.. They were amazing ! Then for our main entrees we had the ribeye and lamb chops. The ribeye was nice and tender and juicy . The lamb chops were cooked to perfection. Being someone who doesn't love lamb all the time made me love these lamb chops. Lastly for dessert we went with the doughnuts and they were just the best item to finish off our meal with. Definitely glad we came here !!
Excellent meal. I can't wait to go back!
Another great diner at Kokkari, food is always incredible and special mention to Jeff who was our waiter. Nice and friendly, very knowledgeable.
Was invited to this place for a business lunch. It's right around block of my work place. Not a fan of Greek food but I've heard all good things about this place from my co workers. I ordered a salad. The salad was amazing indeed! Very light and very tasty! But it was extremely loud inside! You almost need to yell to make yourself heard to the person right across table. It was that loud. Not a good place to meet at if you have a lot important things to discuss. More for a casual hang-out.
I'm glad I was able to try this restaurant this past weekend. My gf and I, along with another couple, planned a valentines getaway in SF and they raved on and on about this place. Unfortunately due to it being Valentines day weekend, we were unable to get a reservation. We tried calling on the day of and they were not accepting any walk-ins. We decided that it was worth a shot to walk-in at a late hour so we got there around 10:00pm on Saturday night and we were sat immediately! I guess the slight drizzle and the chinese new year parade worked to our advantage.Anyways, I really enjoyed my experience at this establishment. Really top notch service and I always appreciate great service. I forgot our servers name but she came by and was very friendly. Asked if we had dined there before and gave us a quick run down of the menu and the most popular items. Her timing of check-ins with us was pretty much perfect. All her recommendations (that we went with) were fantastic.  A+++ for service.We tried a lot of different stuff. Octopus: very tender, slight citrus flavor was really goodZuchini cakes: very good especially with some cucumber and yogurt dressing on topBrussel sprouts: strong citrus flavor which I really enjoyedMeatballs: lamb meatballs in tomato sauce and greek yogurt.  pretty goodPita and 3 different sides:  Thick warm pita bread served with your choice of 3 sides. For entrees, we split the daily rotisserie which was a cut of pork, i think the server said it was from the neck. As well as the lamb chops. The pork was very good, flavorful, and the crispy skin pieces added a perfect salty crunch. Lamb chops, ordered medium, came out more medium rare but was still good. I haven't really had lamb elsewhere and expected it to be pretty gamey but it wasn't too bad. All in all, a fantastic dining experience. Only reason for the 4 stars was that while all the food was good, nothing was amaze balls, "i-must-come-back-here-for-this" good.Definitely a good place to try though if you haven't been.
Had reservations for Sunday night at 745pm. Showed up a couple of minutes late and was still accommodated nicely which was nice considering this place was full to the brim. Usually a great sign of the restaurant.The decor is rustic. Lots of wood, an open spit is the centerpiece of Kokkari. Tables were somewhat close together but that was hardly an issue. Dim lighting, perfect for a romantic weekend dinner.Food- 2 appetizers. They had a nightly special of duck dolmeh so I had to get that. Lady had the fried cheese which was highly recommended. Dolmeh were perfectly adequate with particular praise for the greek yogurt/creme side thing. The cheese was lemony and delicious. Eat it before it gets cold!2 Entrees. The lamb chops..I guess these are sort of obligatory for this restaurant. Sort of fatty (which I don't mind) and very lightly seasoned. The expect the flavor of the meat and the fire to be the highlight, and they are right, it is very good. I ordered another special the lamb roast, which was on the spit. This was delicate and flavorful and again lightly seasoned to really highlight the meat. This all said, perhaps the most surprising thing was that the potatoes served with our entrees were the best part of the meal for us. Yes the meat was cooked perfectly, yes the presentation was home-y and cute, but the potatoes were the talking point of our entire evening. All said and done along with 2 mixed drinks, it was $135+ before tip. Was it worth the price? I don't think so. We were fortunate enough to get an evening reservation at probably the hottest restaurant in the city on the long valentines weekend so we came with very high expectations. The food came close to hitting them, but I'm not a baller so spending $150+ on a meal I expect to have my socks kicked off. Still, very, very good.
YUM!5/5 - The kalamari was delicious with the feta inside. 4/5 - The lamb skewer were tender and delicious. Thought it looks small, but the whole dish it fulfilling.3.5/5 - The chicken is a huge dish and you get a bit of food.Not only that but you do get bread, which filled us up. I wish I didn't eat as much bread, or else I would of had dessert.
Went here with my pops a few years back. He loves lamb and they pretty much had some of the best lamb chops at the time. Incredibly well-seasoned and tender lamb, just falls off the bone. It looks like that is still their stand-out dish but I recall everything we had there from apps to dessert was pretty damn good. If you're in the mood for higher-end Mediterranean cuisine, definitely check out Kokkari Estiatorio, you won't be disappointed.
Love this place. It's part of my go to restaurants in SF. Been here many times and both locations- SF; Palo Alto.Been here fro lunch and dinner. Lunch is slightly cheaper and portions are a bit smaller. The lamb chops are a must get and the dessert with the phyllo dough is BOMB! I would eat 10 of those if I could.
Great service.Great food. I had the grilled fish... It was spectacular.Definitely worth the price.This place is worth your time.Cheers!
Better Greek food than my Yia-Yia used to make! Been to Kokkari many of times and I am thoroughly impressed with each visit. First rate dining experience, coupled with excellent food, and stellar service; all for a reasonable price. Would highly recommend for any date night or an evening out.Favorite items: Zucchini cakes (I get them every time), Giggantes (giant beans), Lamb Chops (best you'll ever have), Plaki (fish, order it grilled), Tryokeftiri (pepper & cheese dip) and of course the Kokkari Rib-Eye (best steak in town)!!But don't take my word for it, experience this amazing gem of a restaurant for yourself!
Kokkari is definitely the most authentic Greek food in the whole entire Bay Area. Good Greek food is pretty hard to find. When I heard about this place from a few family members I was both excited and nervous to try this restaurant.I had the chicken and potatoes. The chicken was juicy and the potatoes were cooked and spiced perfectly. The Dolamathes here were just ok for me..I didn't like the fact that they were vegetarian, but overall they had enough spices in it that made it taste good.If you are looking for a great place to go on a special date I highly recommend this place. It's very romantic inside and actually makes you feel like you might be on a vacation. The service we had was wonderful, our waiter was professional and was well educated on the menu. He also had great wine pairing ideas.
Gets busy so be prepared to wait. Luckily we snagged some seats at the bar. Had a few drinks and apps before moving on for the night. It's a nice looking restaurant, dimly lit, with a huge fireplace with their special roasting away. The lamb tips, greens wrapped meat, and calamari are delicious. It's on the pricy side though.
Not as good as it's sister restaurant, Evvia, but still the best Greek food in SF city. I've tried almost everything, lamb chops and octopus always a win. All the dishes seem to have have similar sides and flavors. That would be my only complaint. But I will definitely be going there agin eventually.
Had to come after seeing over 3,000 great reviews! All I can add is that yelp needs to update the hours to advise travelers that lunch ends at 2:30 and only a limited menu until dinner starts at 5:30. Otherwise I agree with high ratings. Loved the appetizers from the shrimp to the Greek vegetable appetizers. Lamb chops and branzino are fantastic and the service was exceedingly helpful without being too much.
Loved this restaurant for every reason; ambiance, crowd and especially the food. Authentic dishes with a chef's touch and tons of flavor. Looking forward to another visit on my next trip to San Fran!
I don't know why this place gets such good reviews. I have tried it 4 times and I hope every time it is worth it. I think we go back hoping something different we try will be better. The only thing worth it is the lamb. Other then that the octopus is slimy, salad is so so and goat stew is overwhelming. Nothing is really memorable in this place. It is not worth the reservation wait and the price. I rather go to Gary Danko.
Sublime! If you're in San Francisco make sure you eat here! We enjoyed a delicious, well executed and very tasty lunch here. Highly recommend!
First off very rude service the bar tender should be let go. Second, the food is do marginal I lived in Greece for 5 years and it does not compare. The lamb was dry the fish was also dry. Lastly, the hype is bigger than the quality
Came here for my company holiday party and IT WAS AMAZING.*Must make reservations* We had the prime seating spot right in front of the fire oven where they were roasting ducks/chicken and of course the delicious bread. Decor: Really home feeling and it felt really good sitting environment. Food: Let's start with the appetizers:Kolokithokeftethes-Crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber and mint yogurt! WOW. A must have. Octapodaki Tou Yiorgou-grilled octopus! Mushroom: satay mushrooms with chicken pieces. LAMB TONGUE. YES A MUST! It literally melted in my mouth. Best type of steak texture. RECOMMEND. Main courses: I settle with the Rib EYE. BIG portion served with potato wedges and spinach. IT WAS DELICIOUS with a medium rare cooked. My other co-worker had the Arnisia Paidakia-lamb chops. WOW. Best lamb chops I had. This melted in my mouth too. So much flavor!! Dessert:Baklava:Traditional walnut & honey baklava with vanilla-praline ice cream Galaktoboureko: Semolina custard in filo with Black Mission figs & creme fraiche ice cream - HIGHLY RECOMMEND I will be back! Such a good spot in SF. Great service and experienced waiter.
Wow. considering how hard it is to get a reservation anywhere on a summer weekend in san francisco, this place sure didn't let me down.We arrived 30 minutes before our reservation and were seated as soon as we walked into the door. We received the menus promptly, and the waiter was nearly always in sight and checked on us just enough. When he didn't know how to answer a question about the wine list, someone else arrived within a minute to help us.The food was spectacular. I got the lamb chops - perfectly cooked and delicious. Others got the ravioli, the berkshire pork shoulder and the grilled fish. Couldn't have asked for a more delicious meal.Ambiance is great. Consider celebrating a special occasion here, whether it's a romantic date or a birthday celebration with friends. Would definitely recommend it here and would come again.
I've been here twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner, and it's just about as good as it gets for San Francisco restaurants. I'm not even particularly fond of Greek food as it goes but Kokkari is just superb. The atmosphere is a bit traditional for my taste, but the food is so incredibly delicious and the service so cheerful and spot-on, it seems silly to care whether or not it's a tad old-school. The zucchini fritters are to die for, the duck ravioli are incredible, the grilled whole fish is superb, basically everything is delicious and you can't go wrong! Worth every penny.
Visited for lunch. Our food was absolutely wonderful. everything was cooked perfectly and the service was amazing. i would definitely return should i ever find myself in SanFran. recommend to all!
The atmosphere/clientele feels like a little old and stuffy but after my last visit in, I think I can understand why people enjoy Kokkari so much.Here are my recommendations:- Saghanaki: pan fried Kefalotiri cheese with lemon & oregano **(ding ding, winner)**- Arnisia Plevrakia: grilled lamb riblets with lemon & oregano - Tzatziki- Kokkari Salata: mixture of arugula, endive, radicchio & tomatoes with aged sherry vinaigrette - Mosharisia Brizola: charcoal-grilled, dry-aged rib-eye with braised greens & Kokkari potatoes Don't forget to bring your wallet ;)
Delicious! My girlfriend took me here for my birthday a couple days ago and I thoroughly enjoyed my time. We received a great recommendation for wine and the zucchini cakes were phenomenal. Smelts were a bit oily, but still good and the octopus had a very nice texture. Enough springy texture without it being rubbery. For the main entree we got the daily rotisserie which was the lamb. We got a order of asparagus to go along with it. I thought the asparagus was cooked perfectly and the feta cheese was a nice compliment. The lamb was tender and moist, but I was not a huge fan of the potatoes.We had the special dessert of berry sponge cake with brandy and it was phenomenal. Not typically a fan of dessert, but I did enjoy the alcoholic kick of that dish. Highly recommend!
Heard so many good comments about Kokkari that I felt I needed to try it on a rainy Friday night. Had a reservation and were immediately seated, but the food was the disappointment. Service was rushed even though it was 10 pm. Lots of performance plate putting down and taking away. Unimpressed with the mannerisms. The real negative clincher was the absolutely unappealing look for an evening special, the duck. First we eat with our eyes, but in this case, it was not. Pretty sight.Yes, it's a restaurant. Yes, it's popular. Yes, it disappointed.
Comfortable, cozy, great decor for a large restaurant. Service, food all are excellent. Stayed with several small plates, throughly enjoyed them instead of soup or salad. Zucchini fritters, artichoke and riblets all very tasty. Main courses we had a bone in rib eye, lamb shank and skewed lamb. All our friends at the table really enjoyed the meal. Pricey but worth it on a special occasion! Plan on going back!
I had high expectations for Kokkari after several recommendations from some friends and reading all of the positive Yelp reviews. The wife and I decided to try it out for our anniversary dinner. We loved the atmosphere inside, but it was made less enjoyable by the table we were given.We made our reservation through Open Table and noted that we were celebrating our anniversary. Instead of giving us a more desirable and intimate table, we were seated at a table directly in front of the bar. On several occasions during our meal, the happy hour crowd bumped into our table and into my wife's chair. Doesn't help set a romantic mood.We started with the zucchini cakes- they were amazing. If you go, you should definitely get these.I had the lamb chops and my wife had the grilled fish. I am not a big lamb guy, but given all the rave reviews of the dish, I was ready to try them. I was really disappointed with the lamb chops because they were very fatty. I don't feel I got much meat by the time I trimmed all the fat off around the chops. My wife liked her fish dish. So why the 2 star review? It's because we were in and out within an hour. We felt rushed the entire meal. While we were still eating the delicious bread, they whisked our bread plates away and replaced them with our entrees.All said, there are plenty of other restaurants I would choose to celebrate our anniversary dinner than Kokkari. We won't be back.
Probably the best Mediterranean restaurant in all of San Francisco! This is a place that requires a reservation. Unless you are fortunate enough to eat at the bar, which sometimes there's a wait so just be prepared to sip on a few delicious cocktails or some Vino. After a 10 minute wait we finally got a seat at the bar. My friend and I ate everything that was recommended by the bartender overall getting about six different dishes and everything was so delicious. I wanted to lick my plate clean, but this is not the kind of establishment where that would be permitted LOL! This is definitely an upscale place. I would dress-up, leave the kids at home and enjoy a romantic dinner for two. Anything with the word lamb is a MUST! Seriously it's their specialty, if you order it your missing out on something delicious. I cannot say enough good things about this place, and wish that I lived here so I could be a repeat customer every week!
My first time here was 8 years ago when I moved to SF. I had fish that was not memorable and so I did not come back for a long, long time.Last month I thought it was time for another try.I am not a lamb fanatic. With this said, its very hard for me to like lamb but my boss raved about this lamb so I simply had to get it! It was amazing! Lamb was juicy and perfectly seasoned. Didn't taste gamey at all! It was as tender as a baby sheep should be.  Minus 1 star for slow service during lunch without a full house.
Kokkari Estiatorio is a modern Mediterranean / Greek restaurant in the San Francisco Financial District. It is recommended MICHELIN Guide San Francisco 2013 as Bib Gourmand (Favorites for Good Value). Kokkari Estiatorio restaurant space is designed by award-winning architect Howard Backen of Backen & Gillam Architects. The designed draws on Old-World warmth crossed with modern European charm. Kokkari Estiatorio Greek restaurant features seafood and game, specializing in traditional Aegean dishes. Be sure to make reservations via Open Table. It is one of San Francisco's best restaurants.Pikti 9.50: One of the best terrine of Berkshire pig trotters & head with pickled cucumber & egg. The hard boiled egg added a nice creamy warm to the meat pate. Flavors were well balanced and not too salty.Roasted Squash 6: wood oven roasted butternut squash with tahini sauce & toasted pine nuts. So delicious on such a simple dish. Butternut squash is the perfect winter appetizer. Lightly seasoned with sea salt and cilantro.Ippoglossa 29: A generous juicy piece of Pacific Halibut steak pan-roasted with black lentils & Kalamata olive, artichoke tapenade. Black lentils seasoned with olives, olive oils and herbs is filled but not heavy. Capers, red onions and cilantro layer on top of the halibut. The fish has a slight crispy charred skin but it meat itself is still moist.Kokinisto me Manestra 28: Aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra cheese. You can smell and see the large rotisserie of lamb, birds, and other delicacies roasting center of the restaurant. The lamb itself is fall of the bone tender and moist. Au jus sauce is fragrant and rich. It is perfect for the orzo to soak in. Myzithra cheese slightly melts on top of the hot lamb shank.Baklava 9: Traditional walnut & honey baklava with vanilla-praline ice cream. The ice cream is delicious and reminded me of the Persian ice cream we had at Diva at the Met. Honey baklava was sweet but not so sweet you would cringe. The phyllo pastry is flakey.To top it all, service was impeccable and prices wasn't that expensive!
Once again, I was amazed how delicious the food was. The lamb riblets, chops, and oven roasted (yes, we had them all) were buttery, crispy, tender and seasoned to perfection. The sea bass was spectacular. What more can I say, this is our favorite restaurant once again...
Kokkari is everything I could wish for in fine dining! The service truly sets it apart. I first visited Kokkari in 2005 with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday. After terrible service by a nearby restaurant (Frisson), we went to Kokkari and they went above and beyond to accommodate our large group at the last minute. I've been back several times since. It's the only restaurant I've been to where the staff is consistently welcoming and genuine, and at least 3 or 4 people other than your server graciously thank you for coming. The food is flavorful and beautifully presented, without losing its heartiness. The ambiance is both homey and elegant; incorporating rustic dcor with the woodwork and brick space. In a city that sets the bar for amazing restaurants, Kokkari is a cut above.Food - 5Dcor - 5 Service - 5, I would rate it higher if I could!
As the song goes, "Yummy, yummy, yummy, I got love in my tummy!" Yes, I enjoyed the food that much I am breaking out in song...I am no food critic, but I know what I like!STARTERS:Watermelon & Feta-Refreshing & lightGrilled Octopus-Grilled to perfectionSALAD:Greek Salad-This is officially my FAV salad...I liked it so much I decided to go to Farmer's Market and purchase makings for it to have at homeENTREE:Grilled Lamb Chops-I came here due to my fav meat being lamb and my mouth was happy...Good stuff, enough said!DESSERT:Off Menu Special-I took a picture of the desert, it was a berry layered delightful treat?-Cannot recall what the name was but it was like the Galaktoboureko (Semolina custard in filo with quince spoon sweet & pistachio ice cream), but it had like peach in it and it had Crme frache cream instead of pistachio. This is def one of the better restaurants in SF and according to the amount of Yelpers I am NOT the only one who thinks so:-)
Great place, great food. Receptionist will cut you off or transfer you mid sentence while you are trying to set something up.
I seriously don't know what all the hype is about. I took my girlfriend here for her birthday because we heard such good things, but our experience was exceedingly underwhelming. First, our waiter was very condescending and he spoke so fast in a foreign accent that we could barely understand him. The pork head appetizer was the best thing we had; although, it was served cold just like everything else. Next best, were the dolmas; they were just as good as any premade ones you'd get at Costco or signature cafe in Safeway. We also ordered the octopus appetizer because of its reputation. It had the flavor of charred grilled chicken with a spongy calamari consistency - also cold. The prawns, definitely pass those up! Again, aside from being served at room temperature they tasted like the chef forgot to de-turd them. There were only 4 edible pieces - about half the quantity and quality of edible meat as you'd find in an $8 shrimp cocktail at Walgreen's. Before ordering entrees, we asked the waiter for his opinion since we heard they were so knowledgeable about the food. We ended up with the rotisserie lamb and grilled Mediterranean sea bass. The bass was the warmest thing we were served at about 81 degrees Fahrenheit. It also had the skin, head and some bones still intact which didn't bother me, but there wasn't much there to eat other than those components. The rotisserie lamb was the final, lasting fecal stain to complete the experience. It was like they pulled some leftover bones, grizzle and fat out of the trash that another customer didn't eat, threw in some potatoes and set it down on our table. Good thing I had one last sip of my dirty martini made with none other than Gordon's vodka to wash the taste out of my mouth before heading home to vomit from the torture I had just put my stomach through.If you're looking to spend $200 on a fancy dining experience, avoid this place unless you want to be entertained by how bad a meal and service can get at such a price.
Exceptional restaurant. We went with our 2 children at 5.30 on Thursday, July 23. We ordered about 10 small, vegetarian "mezedes" and the lentil soup. Everything was terrific, especially the zucchini cakes and the "gigantes" (baked giant beans). Lovely food and experience!
Ridiculously good! Sit at the bar and let sweet Fatah pour you a glass of wine and select a few courses for you. That's what I did, and I had an amazing time. Oh, the food is to die for.
Hadn't been back here in a while. Has to be one of the best restaurants in the city. Beautiful interior. Fairly massive interior. But, very warm and intimate. Our meal;Lamb roasted on spit- unctuous and so flavorful.Fresh tomato and peach salad-innovative, fresh, seasonal ingredients. Goat stew-I was a little skeptical. Was fantastic. Rustic and homey. Grilled sole-perfectly cooked.Shrimps in a tomato/feta sauce-delicious. Yummy. Would eat it any time of day including breakfast. Moussaka (a sort of Greek lasagna)- very heavy and expectedly so...it's bchamel sauce and ground lamb for Gods sake. Delicious. I am missing something in the lineup. But, you get the idea. We ate like kings and queens.You can heavy here or you can go light. Just go! You'll probably need a reservation.
Excellent customer service and food!Hubbie loves the lamb and I love just about everything on the menu. Great desserts too!
One of the best food I have experienced in SF. Lamb Shanks are highly recommended
One of the few places in SF where the 4.5 average is well-deserved.Food is exceptional, octopus, steak and lamb dishes in particular. Incredible service, great date spot, and stellar drinks.
We went here while on vacation and highly recommend it for travelers. Pros:- Great customer service- Good selection - Food was well presented and tasted wonderful (I had the Lamb Stew)Cons:-Super limited beer choices. As beer drinkers (over wine) it left us just opting for some ice tea instead. -We had to wait over 30 minutes even though we made reservations over a week in advance.
Birthday dinner with great, fast service and kept checking on us every few minutes. We started with the Fried Smelt which was kinda plain to me, then the Grilled Octopus which was so tender and flavorful. Then came the Pork Belly with Fig I think on top which melted in my mouth and bursting with flavor and went down smooth with the sweetness of the Fig. The final appetizer was the Duck Ravioli, a bit heavy to my taste but delicious. Our entrees were the Sea Bass Roasted with onions, tomatoes and potatoes and Grilled Whole traditional fish. Both were tender and buttery with its individual tastes. Dessert were the yogurt ice cream on blended strawberries ice drizzled with mint and roasted peach on rice pudding. Strawberry ice was delicious and blended well with the yogurt ice cream. The roasted peach was good but the rice pudding was too thick and heavy. Overall, dinner was good and enjoyed the atmosphere and service.
I got whisked away into a world where I was hit with a spectacular view of a whole goat turning on a spit over an open flame. Where calories did not count (or mattered...for the moment) because everything that slid in my mouth was like a tantalizing song of a siren from a Homeric poem. A world where feta is baked with tomatoes & capers and octopus is moist, succulent and grilled to perfection.Nothing you consume here can be wrong. The whole fish that he ordered me was traditionally grilled with all the essential Mediterranean spices. The goat stew was neither gamey nor tough but melts in my mouth with the tantalizing release of all the fragrant exotic herbs.Desert was a masterpiece that I could not possible pronounce but it was a modest custard filled filo with an adornment of pistachio ice cream that I would only hope to perfect if I ever decide to bake at one point in my life. Oh, bypass the Greek coffee and opt for an ouzo if you don't want to lay awake at 3am wondering when you'll ever be able to head back to the island of Kokkari Estiatorio.Nstima was the word uttered over and over as I reluctantly end my journey into this serene escape.
I'm from Detroit that has a spectacular Greek Town. I have missed similar Greek fare in the Bay area. I'm glad to have found Kokkari, a Greek restaurant with gourmet flair. Norfalia the hostess found us a beautiful table amidst the lively bar area.  Our waiter Abel was warm, engaging and offered his helpful insights. Later I find out that he is a chef as well. Great food in a warm atmosphere that we thoroughly enjoyed. We will be back!
Me and Greek food are typically not friends. It's always been a bit bland and boring. However Kokkari is the exception. Maybe it's the high end setting. Maybe it's the friendly unpretentious staff. Maybe it's.... who am I kidding it's the lamb. I try and stray towards other items but smells and sights of lamb fill the room on every table. I am lucky to have good friends who over the years of coming here let me pick at their plates and try different things and let me tell you that picking has been excellent but time after time the lamb items draw me in like an animal in a slaughterhouse. It's a shame I overlooked reviewing this place considering how many times I had been here but the bottom line is if you like Greek in a beautiful setting then this is the place. If you like lamb you might as well die here and get buried next to me. Wait I do have a complaint. You have to take an elevator to the bathroom. Not so bad unless you've had 3 glasses of wine and 2 glasses of water and haven't shut up all night about the damn lamb.
What a sensual experience! The atmosphere and the food just hit the spot.Everything grilled or roasted over the spit fire is amazing. This is a much bigger place than most restaurants in San Francisco. It is great place to go for a date or to take your parents out. We loved the grilled bronzini and the grilled octopus are out of this world. Such a fun and delicious place.
What is better than Abel's intuitive, perfectly-timed service? Nothing. Let's add Doug's ability to make you feel at home and call it heavenly.
Reservations are really hard to get, but it's so worth it. All I have to say is get the fucking lamb chops. I've had it three times, and they're so good. Seriously...you have to order the lamb chops.
Came here in June for Father's Day. Dad wanted Mediterranean, so why not try Kokkari? I mean...the place only has over 2400 very positive reviews.We had reservations and were seated as soon as we gave the hostess our name, even though the entire place was packed. The restaurant was much larger than I expected and had a great ambiance. On to the foods, foods, foods:Kolokithokeftethes (zucchini cakes)- Really good. I've always loved breaded and fried zucchini, and this is no different except that it's a hockey puck of zucchini that's nicely fried and served with a cucumber and mint yogurt sauce. By the way, the dish usually comes with two cakes, but our waiter was smart enough to add an extra to make sure we each had one of our own!Kalamari (stuffed with feta)- Also a very tasty dish. The citrus did a good job balancing the grilled squid and the feta. Arnisio Souvlaki (spiced lamb skewer)- The lamb was cooked beautifully and tasted amazing with the grilled tomatoes. I didn't really care for the potatoes served with the dish. They were more or less potato wedges with a slightly strange taste to them.Makaronia (ravioli of sweet peas with mushrooms in a feta cream sauce)- I wasn't expecting too much the only vegetarian entree they had on the menu, but I was definitely surprised! The ravioli had the perfect stuffing to pasta ratio and I loved the filling of sweet peas and mushrooms. The sauce really complemented the delicious filling.Kokinisto me Manestra (braised lamb shank with orzo and myzithra cheese)- My least favorite dish of the night. The braised lamb shank was incredibly tender and juicy, but I couldn't get over the fact that the entire dish was a bit overly salty to my tastes.The service here was outstanding. Our server was on top of her game (even making sure we each got our own zucchini cake)! We really enjoyed every part of our dining experience! With the quality service and delicious food, we'll definitely be back!
Best lamb chops on earth. Loved the trifle like cake with seasonal fresh berries for dessert.I was dressed down and did not have a reservation. After a short wait I was seated! Miraculous. Do make a reservation.Probably my favorite restaurant in SF, all things considered.
We had dinner there last night - for the first time in my life, everything was perfect. The service was impeccable. The food was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The lamb riblets fell off the bone clean. The watermelon was perfectly square and naturally sweet. The grilled cheese smelled perfectly of milky, sweet, salty cheese (unless you get cheese at the farmer's market, i rarely taste a perfect cheese). The grilled octopus was perfect - chewing, salty and mouthwatering. The squids stuffed with cheese was divine, served with contrastingly sweet tangerines. I had the cold tomato soup with creme fraiche basil (perfect). And, grilled lamb chops (medium rare) with potatoes - I gobbled all my lamb chops up, left none on the plate and the potato slices too (perfectly fried, crispy on the outside for a long time and tender inside).
I give them three stars only because of the prices. There is nothing beyond a good food, a good service and a good ambiance that you want to charge a customer for. This place has it all but at a ~10% higher prices than it should be.
Finally got a chance to try it out a few days ago. It lives up to the hype. At first glance I thought their decor was a little old school. But you know, since they aren't too trendy inside it works for them to service diverse group of patrons - dates, business clients, and groups of friends. Open kitchen in the back was cool. **Appetizers:Zucchini Cakes - good to try because you don't find it too often but wouldn't try it againOctopus dish - right amount of texture not too chewy at all, usually most places over cook it - they got it just right!Lamb riblets - delicious**Main course:Roasted chicken - cooking on rotisserie by fireplace, nice and tastyLamb - YUM!!! So flavorful, you can tell they added cinnamon to the sauce. I thought the presentation of food for such a nice restaurant could use some work. (See posted pics.) It looked like they plopped the lamb on orzo and threw a fistful of cheese on top. For dessert we didn't want anything too heavy. Asked if would be possible to get a plate of figs for dessert. They made it happen! Great wine list. They don't have a cocktail list but made very good classic pre-dinner drinks. Service was PHENOMENAL on all levels - hostess / waiter / manager! Very professional but not stiff. We lingered outside the restaurant and it was pretty windy. The hostess ran out to see we needed her to order us a cab. We had a car, but nice touch!
This place is very good (4.5 stars with 2000+ reviews!) but it's definitely overhyped and pricey. Could be a good choice for a weeknight business dinner or to impress out of town guests, but be sure to secure a reservation ahead of time.Highly Recommended:Octapodaki tou Yiorgou- grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil - 5 stars - the octopus was cooked a bit too tough, but overall this was very unique and the lemon added a nice touch to the appetizer. (yelp.com/biz_photos/kokk)Kokinisto me Manestra- aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra cheese - 5 stars - this was by far my favorite out of the main dishes and I definitely appreciated how perfect the meat was cooked given my failed attempts at braising lamb shanks at home. Recommended:Psari Psito - traditional grilled whole fish with horta & lemon - 4.5 stars - very good as far as fish goes! (yelp.com/biz_photos/kokk)Ok:Psari sto Furno - wood-oven Broudeto style in a spicy tomato sauce with prawns & mussels - 4 stars - This sauce was a bit too rich for a fish and the prawns and mussels seem a bit random. However, it's still very good and a bigger portion size than the traditional grilled whole fish.Service and ambiance are definitely on par for a restaurant of its class. Overall our party spent ~$65/head on appetizers and main dishes without wine and dessert, so be prepared to pay up for a high end Greek dining experience!
This place definitely deserves its Yelp rating. It's very common that places in this price range can garner this high of rating but turn out to be "average". The one aspect I really want to call out is CUSTOMER SERVICE. They were amazing at this and is what differentiates them from even significantly more expensive restaurants I've been too.We had brought a jacket with helmets (rode motorcycles there) - they kindly asked if we wanted them placed in their closet. After the meal and while we were sipping coffee, they had covertly brought our jacket and helmets to the front desk so it was ready for us when we walked out. That attention to detail is REALLY hard to find in any restaurant of any caliber. Jillian was our waitress and was supremely awesome - checked in regularly and had a great attitude!Here is what I ate:-Spanakotiropita - Delicious. Perfectly flaky with a crispiness that, with a bite, breaks the crust pie into an assorted medley of crumbs (almost tempting me to lick the plate). -Papio Manti - Also delicious. Basically small meatballs with a fried dumpling-like crust, the duck meat is what sells it. Lots of flavor in one bite.-Psari sto Furno - That day they had three fish options - I chose seabass and got it deboned in the kitchen. Soft, flavorful, nice sides of yukon potatoes, onions, and scallions. Not too heavy with the sauce and just right for fish.
Very good food. The lamb shanks were fantastic, as was everything else I tried. A little pricey, but not awful. Best best is to make a reservation 30+ days out, otherwise you'll be waiting a while.
Search the word "dry" and you'll see quite a few of the same sentiments regarding their food.I would like to give this restaurant another chance. I opted for the rotisserie tonight. Apparently, it changes often. Tonight they offered a pork roast. The slices were full of fat and gristle. How could they not have noticed this poor quality of cut? The one lean cut was on top of the bad pieces. The amount of olive oil on the plate was way too much and completely drowned the few oven baked potatoes. The overpowering oregano didn't help. My dinner companion had a very dry chicken dish that he couldn't finish. How could they have served this chicken without noticing the dry sheen of the skin? We should have sent it back but chose not to because we didn't know what the reaction would have been considering this was our first time there. Our "elbow to elbow" table diners noticed and commented too that this was a very dry serving of chicken.  Our apps were good including the zucchini cakes and dolmathes. Dessert wasn't very creative. Ice cream sundaes at a Greek restaurant? I ordered their dessert special- kataifi ekmek. It resembled a square cut piece of pudding with pistachios on top. It wasn't memorable. Service was stuffy but wonderful. The restaurant is large and every seat was taken the night that we dined there. However, the food was off tonight-way off. There is too much hype surrounding this restaurant. It seems too, that many people get a weird vibe after checking in with the hostess and then getting shuffled past the front dining room (with plush chairs) and winding up "in the back of the house". You're left with this feeling that somehow you haven't measured up to whatever they are looking for to fill the front room. I'm sure that's not the case, - but it is kind of bizarre- especially when you pass empty tables there first.
Excellent meal, attentive and personalized service, and beautiful ambiance (not too loud, a rare treat in San Francisco). Highly recommend!
I definitely feel like an outlier with this rating, but I am often generous in my reviews and this time I feel pretty strongly about the 3 stars. Maybe the chef was having a bad day...3.5 stars really, but given how much hype it has, I think that I'm making a point with 3. Service is good, and ambiance is nice, but the food is really nothing extraordinary. In my personal Bay Area culinary crusade, I was particularly excited to try Kokkari: very highly rated by thousands of people, greek...I had to love it. But not once during dinner was I wowed. For two, we ordered 4 mezethes, a fish that was on special, and dessert. The fish was good, though nothing fantastic, and the crispy zucchini cakes were yummy, but everything else was quite unmemorable, and actually, the dessert recommended by our waiter (the Galaktoboureko) was just subpar. I was also a little disappointed by the wine by the glass selection, but I understand wine can be even more subjective than food.All in all, I've had better greek/mediterranean for less in much less renowned restaurants elsewhere.
What a lovely experience dining at Kokkari. Our waitress was friendly and extremely helpful when we asked her about the menu. We were able to choose just the right dishes to make our first Kokkari visit a classic one. We started with zucchini cakes, crispy smelts, pikti (a type of head cheese) and taramosalata (a creamy dish with caviar) with pita bread. For our entree we split an order of the lamb chops and finished the night with the galaktoboureko for dessert. All of our food was delicious...we probably got a little too excited and ordered more than we could handle, but the leftovers the next day were also yummy. We thought the night was over, but then our waitress came out with one more surprise for the evening: baklava ice cream with a candle. This was great because I had made reservations online and noted that it was my boyfriend's birthday. I really appreciate when a restaurant reads the comments you leave in your open table reservation!
I'm really shaming myself for not making my way over sooner. As a Bay Area resident for the past decade, I don't know how I missed this one.In any case, as the saying goes... better late than never.To start, we tried the zucchini cakes, the lamb riblets, and the watermelon salad. All were perfectly prepared, elegantly presented, and seasoned wonderfully. The star were the riblets for me as they were finger licking good. The meat was fall of the bone tender, with that rich lamb flavor, perhaps the best lamb I've ever tasted.For my entree, I went with the whole grilled fish (branzino). When it came out, it was still steaming hot, the fish was so succulent, and delicately seasoned so that the taste of the fish itself came through. You'd be hard pressed to find another place that can prepare fish as good as this. If you're put off by eating fish off the carcass, they have an option to filet the fish for you and prepare it that way. But my thought is that eating it as a whole will result in a moister more succulent product although dealing with fish bones could be a little bit of a hassle.For dessert we tried what is perhaps their signature offering which was the Kataifi Ekmek. It's the dessert that looks like the bottom layer is a bed of crispy noodles. it's rich but not heavy, with just a hint of sweetness, and a nice finishing crunch from the shredded pastry. It really hits all the nice textural notes that an ideal dessert should have.I'm really looking forward to my next visit here and can not speak more highly of this place. If you haven't been here yet... what are you doing? Don't make the same mistake as me and give this place a try!
Went early bar fills up quickly so don't expect a quiet drink before dinner.Had a collection of small plates and all were excellent.
It's exactly what all the reviewers claim - perfect greek food! The lamb chops and grilled octopus are not to be missed!
I'm reversing my prior opinion here, but less about the food -- which remains very good -- and more about the service / attitude. Simply put, I think Kokkari has been too successful for its own good and you can see it in the service. Success leads to arrogance and arrogance to failure. Yes, the lamb chops are great but on a recent visit I was mega-disappointed with the service.
I love Greek food. One of my favorite places ever is Komi in DC (yelp.com/biz/komi-washin), where chef Johnny Monis serves up an incredible Mediterranean-inspired meal.Kokkari, though, just... missed the mark for me. We got there, were seated on time, and ordered:+Spanakotiropita: the phyllo pies filled with spinach, feta, leeks and dill. The best part of the night; absolutely delicious.+Gigantes: giant beans oven baked in a tomato sauce with olive oil and herbed feta. Tasty, but a bit undercooked and had a bite to it.+Zucchini cakes: fried disks of zucchini, served with a cucumber and mint yogurt dressing. Very filling and just OK. I kept adding salt to it as it tasted under-seasoned.+Arnisia Paidakia: "the best lamb chops" of your life" our server warned us. Grilled with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette and served with steak potatoes. It was good (I'm not a fan of lamb), but it was good. The potatoes were Sour with a capital "s" from the lemon vinaigrette and the extra lemon they include as a garnish.+Rizogalo: sickly sweet rice pudding served with honey and raisins. The pudding itself was good, but the added raisins and honey made it over-the-top sweet. "Ouch," say my teeth.+Ouzo sorbet: touted as "strawberry & ouzo sorbet," I'd mistakenly assumed it was strawberry and ouzo, not strawberry-ouzo. Our server asked us if I'd had ouzo before (I had), and proceeded to bring us a shot each of the anise-flavored spirit. With a hearty "yiamas!" we drank it down in one gulp. (Don't do that; bad idea, warning: bad idea.) I felt immediately nauseated and tried to "chase" it with the sorbet, only to be reminded that it also had a generous ouzo flavor. Oops. ...Opa?I'm glad I visited Kokkari to understand the hype. The food was good, the service was excellent, but it's definitely not enough to entice me to return. I'm sure no one'll be crying into their moussaka over that, as the restaurant seems to be doing really well.
Wow!!! One of the best restaurants I have ever been in. Everything in this place is amazing, from the food, the setting, the workers and the music.You can not go wrong with any dish in the restaurant, all is amazing. One of the best workers in this place named Abbel, he is very warm and nice, and very proffesional. Very recommended!
Listed as one of San Francisco's best restaurants, we went with high expectations. The restaurant is quite cavernous and intriguing. Our waitress was knowledgeable, friendly and very attentive. Our dishes were well portioned and delicious and the decor was very comfortable. I ordered the Lamb chops and all I can say is that they were the best tasting lamb I have eaten in a long time. Hands down to the chef. Pricing is the only reason why I won't give Kokkari 5 stars, the restaurant was a little bit on the expensive side but this I expected it so I won't whine about it.
Phenomenal food. Doesn't get any better than Kokarri. Everything is incredible. The appetizers, particularly so. You will never taste a hummus trio and bread like you will taste at Kokkari. Food is interesting, delicious and always exceeds expectations. They have seasonal items as well. I'm waiting for the watermelon salad with balsamic glaze and roasted pine nuts to come back. It's great for dinner and I'd recommend going exclusively with appetizers and NOT going on Vday which was triple the cost.
The bomb dot com.Sort of a remote location in Jackson Square near the embarcadero. Really large restaurant. Multiple rooms and spaces and areas. Seems like a giant restaurant combined with a hotel lobby vibe. Really great energy, reminded me of back home (NYC). Had a business dinner in a private room downstairs. A wine cellar type of feel with seating for 10. Really great room, and despite being in the basement - was air conditioned. (which was nice since last night was a rare hot day in SF)Food was phenomenal. Ordered off the regular menu - several apps - grilled octopus, veggie skewer grilled, zucchini cake, some sort of dumpling, all great. Main course was lamb chops with potatoes - DELICIOUS~!! Highly recommended, and some of the bigger and best chops Ive had anywhere.Dessert was some sort of fruit tart that was good, a phyllo dough napolean type thing that was good and quite possibly the best flourless chocolate cake I've ever had anywhere - including french laundry and other michelin starred places I've eaten. It was just rich and velvety and the texture was melt in your mouth heavenly.Service was on point but non intrusive. Will definitely be back again and again. Phenomenal restaurant - totally worth all the positive reviews and reputation it has.
One of the best restaurant and service in SF!Ask for their Chipoura Greek Fish served as whole with fresh lime,it's so good! Their Zucchini Cutlets and small fish appetizer is really good ,don't forget to ask for Greek vodka shots!it can't get better!we were a large group,had no reservation and were so hungry when we got there,the Greek restaurant manager was so nice,although a classy restaurant they accommodated us! That was what we expected from a Greek restaurant!can't say more...we had an unforgettable time there and will definitely go back for those yummy chipoura!
I was surprised that this restaurant was rated the highest in the city but, the reviews were spot on. We made a reso via open table and they sat us immediately (sounds evening 7:45p). We started with the baby artichokes and zucchini cakes. Both were good but very different. The cakes were a bit crunchy with good flavor especially after adding the Greek yogurt. The anti chokes were savory and cooked with bacon. For entrees we had the roasted chicken and lamb skewers. Both were well prepared and served. Both were very large portions too. Next time we would split a dish. We tried the sundae for dessert. Ice cream was excellent. The toasted hazelnuts were the perfect touch. Waitress was priceless -- totally knew what she was doing. A pro!
I get it now. The fuss. Yup, I totally get it. First off, the customer service was top notch. My wife and I were rear-ended on our way to the restaurant (don't get me started) but had been waiting all month to try this place and one silly driver wasn't going to keep us from our pita bread, dammit! So, we called and told them we'd be a few minutes late and upon our arrival, everyone was worried. Are you really okay? Are you sure you can eat? Can we run to Safeway and get you some Advil? It was adorable and made us want to stick it out even more and my goodness, am I glad we did. We started with grilled artichokes and 3 of the dipping items w/pita. It was a TON of food - looking back, we prob should have done only 1 of the dipping items - but it was my first time and all of it was DELICIOUS. I literally had to fight with my wife to get my share of the 'chokes! For dinner I had the white fish of the day and she had the goat stew. The fish was good, but the stew was AMAZING, so if they have it, get it. Trust me. Neither of us are dessert people, if anything, we opt for booze and cheese for dessert, but they had this crazy fresh fruit tower thing, so we gave it a try and wow, that was incredible too! All in all, a wonderful dinner and a place I can't wait to revisit.
What we ate: - starter plates:* Grilled octopus* tempura battered squash* Greek saladThe octopus was recommended by a friend as well as the people sitting next to us. My only experience with octopus was rubbery and gooey. We decided to try it by how it was described. Without going into details it was incredible. The squash was really good as well. The tempura was light and crisp. The Greek salad was yummy!! The feta cheese was a 10! Service: We called to make reservations earlier in the day but everything was booked. It was suggested that we try sitting at the bar. When we got there at 5:30pm it was already packed with people and the bar was full. We stood by the bar waiting to see if there was anyone that was going to leave. We got lucky and got seated at a table within 15 minutes. Our server Jillian was extremely knowledgeable and attentive. She treated us as if we were a huge party but it was just the two of us. Ratings: Food: 5 starsExperience: 5 starsTid bits: If your looking for euros and French fries this is definitely not the place. This is Greek fine dining at it's best. Try making reservations at 3 days in advance. Ask your server for recommendations, because they will tell you some items that aren't on the menu. The cost parallels what you get in terms of food and service.
Pretty legit place. Went there for a small reunion dinner with high school classmates.The ambience is really relaxing. Love the dark light. It could be a little formal, so dress up a little bit. The food is good. Didn't have much Mediterranean food before, but they tastes good. It's a little salty but still good. Service is awesome. I had to catch a flight at midnight, so we were a little but short at time. Helped us to get the check really quick. The waiter was really helpful through the whole dinner. Great place to gather with friends!
Yes, yes, yes!We went at about 8 pm on a Tuesday without a reservation, so our option was to eat at the bar. Luckily, the bartender there was *excellent* at managing the situation and making sure people sat in the order they arrived. That was such a pleasure because it meant we could just enjoy our drinks and not worry about defending our territory.After a delicious martini and glass of wine, respectively, we were seated at the bar and soon after had menus in our hand. Now came the HARDEST part--how to decide what to order. During our wait for a spot, we'd seen so many amazing looking dishes!The bartender shared the specials and we settled on sharing: lamb meatballs, grilled octopus, fried smelt, Greek salad, and a goat stew. Every. Single. Thing. Was out of this world. It was more than enough food for the two of us, but we agreed we wouldn't have cut a single thing from the order. The only adjustment, in fact, that we would have made is making the portion of the smelt a little smaller--there were really a ton of what our waiter called "fries with eyes."The meatballs were in such a delicious spicy tomato sauce and were excellently spiced themselves...we used our bread to mop up all the sauce (and the waiter noticed this and did not try to take it away when he came with other dishes--love the attention to detail!). The octopus was simply the best I've ever had (and the 2nd best of my companion)--it was so tender and flavorful, nearly like butter. The smelt were seriously yummy and my favorite Greek dish. The salad was fresh and bright, and led us nicely into the insanity that was the goat stew. This stew was the highlight of the night--it was caramelized, tender, savory, slightly sweet, with bits of feta and artichoke and fresh oregano that just made every bite better than the last. We couldn't quite finish it, but we took it home and I'm going to enjoy the rest today!Our meal came to just under $160 total, so it's not cheap, butgo here, the reviews are right. It's wonderful.
I'm normally pretty neutral about greek food, but Kokkari definitely impressed me!My company treated us out to dinner here and I was able to try a little bit of everything, to my delight.Starters:- Grilled Octopus: very soft and chewy, very light. There isn't a lot of sauce that comes with it, but I think that is a nice change of pace compared to what I'm used to, which is deep fried or super saucey versions.- Zucchini Cakes: MUST HAVE! This was my favorite appetizer of the night, and surprisingly filling.- Roasted prawns: I only thought these were ok. It just tasted like shrimp in marinara sauce.Entrees:- Lamb chops: MUST HAVE! They are a little on the pricey side for the amount of meat that you get (because there is quite a lot of bone), but I love lamb and Kokkari really does it right.- Fish: I think these change depending on the season, but the one we had was not super impressive.The service here is amazing and I love the family-feel on the inside. This is a great place for big groups or company events!
excellent food had a great time
Yum! This is my to-go restaurant to bring guests around in San Francisco. I've brought my visiting friends from East Coast and family from Asia. Even though I booked a week in advance, the only available time slot before 9PM was on a Monday evening at 8:30PM (shows how popular the restaurant is).Among the four of us, we shared four appetizers:- Zucchini cakes: two patties made of an assortment of vegetables, served with a side of yoghurt sauce. Refreshing- Octopus: thick juicy slices with lemon juice on top- Lamb tongue (special of the day): I'm a huge fan of lamb tongue so this is a sure-win for me- Porcini mushroom (special of the day): thick slices perfectly cooked and seasonedWe then each got a main course:- Chicken: three huge pieces and tenderly cooked. Only wish that the side can be something other than the potato wedges which are a bit hard and filling alongside the meat- Lamb rack: there were 3-4 racks, cooked medium-rare. Tender- Lamb shank: my brother finished every morsel of this dish, so I'm guessing it must be nice- Pork (special of the day): our waiter claims this dish is his "favorite" dish so my dad gave it a try. He's one of the pickiest eater I know and not easily satisifed, but he was blown away by this dish! Unlike normal pork chops, I barely had to use any strength to cut the meat - it's that soft.NOTE:- Main courses are HUGE (twice larger than the usual fancy restaurants) so keep that in mind when ordering other dishes- Appetizers are comparatively tiny. We almost ordered more to share after seeing how tiny they were but so glad we didn't since we wouldn't have room for the main courses otherwise- This place is POPULAR. I was waiting for my table to be ready near the entrance, and there were guests coming in every few minutes. Make sure to book in advance especially if you don't want to eat past 9PM.
Maybe I went on an off day but I found kokkari to be overrated. We had several service issues during the meal and nothing was excellent as you would expect at these prices. We ordered the grilled octopus which took forever to make it to our table and to their credit they took it off our bill. However the octopus was rubbery and not tender at all. I ordered the lamb chops which were good but not as flavorful as you would expect. My date ordered the grilled sea bream and asked for it deboned. It came with a ton of bones and we sent it back. They comped half of that dish for the mistake as well.Other areas they could improve:+ the seating by the door is really cold every time someone opens the door (the hostess was actually shivering)+ the sides leave a lot to be desired. My $44 lamb chop main came with 3 fried potato wedges+ their beer list is extremely limited and not listed on the drink menu. They also have no specialty cocktail listI've had a great meal at their sister restaurant in Palo Alto, Evvia, before so I'm not sure why the disparity at Kokkari.
Love, love, love, loveddd the grilled octopus. You must order it. I also went with the most popular dish, Moussakka and it was as good as everyone says. Also, I'm not normally a fan of Merlot, but the Duckhorn Red was spectacular. My only regret was not saving room for the baklava that everyone raves about!And I have to hand it to the servers, they really took care of our table of 12. The ambiance is wonderful and I enjoyed watching the chefs cooking up food that smelled divine. I wish they would consider expanding to NYC! In the meantime, I will look forward to future visits to SF, so that I might visit again.
So yes... I'm gonna say it It is by far THE BEST restaurant you will ever go to!It will ruin your experience at other restaurants cause you will compare them to Kokkari and they always fail to even get close to it! The best appetizer... Food... And dessert! The best service too. Very nice and personal.
I'm not usually a huge fan of Greek food (blegh olives), and certainly not for a special occasion, but people were raving about this place so I chose it for my bday. Definitely a good choice and a crowd pleaser.It was rough times getting a big table, but with some waiting we were able to get a long row for the 11 of us. They were really nice and professional even though I'm sure we were quite a bit of trouble..We ordered a mess of apps and entrees and served them family style so everyone can try a bunch of things. Everything was fabulous. Things that stood out -- the zucchini cakes, octopus, all the lamb preparations that wooed even the non-lamb-eaters, the juicy flavorful chicken... Everything was cooked to perfection.We also ordered several bottles of wine, and it still didn't break the bank. Thanks for a great dinner, guys!
My boss took me here for my birthday and it was delicious! Definitely coming back here!
Zucchini cakes amazing. This place has one of the BEST lamb chops and MUST TRY their lamb tounge if its on the menu. I definitely will come back here with more people so we can try more things!
I just ate here this past weekend but am already planning my next visit! Really, one of the most delicious restaurants in SF.First things first - lamb riblets! These are amazeballs. Tender and fatty with just the right amount of char. I'm not the biggest lamb fan, but I dare say: give me these over baby back ribs any day! And I love my baby back, baby back, baby back... :)We also ordered the grilled octopus, cooked perfectly, without a hint of chewiness. The fried cheese was unlike anything I've ever had. It's so rich, so decadent, and just SO MUCH FLAVOR. The lamb skewers were great, but maybe the least notable out of the bunch. Finally, you must order dessert! We had custard baked in filo with a side of pistachio ice cream. Delicious even on an absolutely too full stomach.Lastly, I really enjoyed the decor - it's got an Orange County/Newport Beach vibe. Especially comforting to a homesick socal girl.
Mmm.... After a few reservation changes we finally scored the big one (for lunch). We skipped the breakfast, were in full-on "hAngry" phase by the time we got there, and ate like Greek/Meditteranean kings. The decor: gorgeous. Tall ceilings, beautiful interior, and very nice open-concept kitchen that's a great non-socially awkward distraction if you've run out of things to say to your s.o. The food hitlist (all of which lived up to the hype):Grilled Meatballs - delicious, combination of beef and lamb, fantastic sauce, and our waitress kept the bread coming to sop up all the goodness.Lamb Souvlaki - large, generous chunks of meat that were really well-marinated. I wished I hadn't had so much damn bread, because the grilled pitas were honestly delicious. I made a little lamb souvlaki sandwich (and probably dropped the classiness of this restaurant down a few notches), but it was yummy... real, real yummy.There's a LOT on this menu, and probably all sorts of things would have tasted great. Clearly a reason why Kokkari is rated so highly in the city ... if you can score a reservation, you won't find much better.
Great atmosphere! Grilled octopus was indeed tasty. Great wine selection
I really enjoyed my dining experience at Kokkari. The atmosphere and interior at Kokkari is bright, open spaced and feels relaxing. Our server was really great, warm and had a great personality. Always a plus.The dinner menu is a bit expansive from apps to entree. However, they were remarkable, delicious and sacrilious. Highly recommend:- Lamb Riblets / really delicious and flavorful- Grilled octopus / braised well and wonderful- souvla tis emeras / today's rotisserie- traditional grilled whole fish / you pick three different type of fish (i had the seabass) and they debone your fish upon request).- kataifi ekmek / not on the dessert menu, really light and delicious. Everything about Kokkari is as Greej as it can get (unlike Aziza). I highly recommend this restaurant to my friends, and I will definitely be coming back!
Husband & I came here for our 4 year wedding anniversary. The ambiance was nice, the people very friendly. There are quite a few tables by the front door so ask not to be seated there - gets really breezy. Our waiter was amazing! He made us laugh and entertained us the entire time. He really knew his stuff - he was from Greece. My husband ordered the lamb everyone raved about and I ordered goose that the waiter highly recommended. Dinner was at 5:30. When we got home from being out in the city until midnight, my husband and I were sick. We didn't have anything else to eat that day except for coffee and a pastry each. My husband was up all night with a stomach ache but I was able to get some rest. For 2 days my husband was out of commission. I definitely wouldn't rate this place as the #1 restaurant in SF. We've had way better food.
Came here with the wife and her office for a celebratory dinner. Ambiance was great and food was even better. I have been to both Kokkari and Evvia (Kokkari's sister restaurant) several times and have never been disappointed. If you are looking for good Greek food in the bay area then these are the places to go.
The best Greek meal I've had. Very comfortable, inviting and warm setting. Not typical of most Greek restaurants which tend to be more thematic. (Which is also fun, but this is just more cozy). This is a good spot for a romantic dinner, or a business talk. Excellent service. I've never been kissed on both cheeks by my waiter before!
Kokkari redefines Greek food for me.This place feels more homey than fancy to me. From their friendly staff, easygoing ambience, to their beyond-generous portions, this is no five course fine dining. This place fills you with mouth-watering food, and leaves you with a satisfying sensation.Now to the food. I don't eat lamb. So I'm missing out a huge chunk of their menu. But their seafood is also top-notch. The grilled octopus was so tender that you don't need to bite til your jaw breaks like the other ones I've had in Japanese restaurants. Their sea bass was also juicy and soft. The chicken has a homemade sauce on top that made the otherwise ordinary dish fantastic.Oh and the dessert. My highest compliment goes to their Greek yogurt. This place does it right! The roasted walnuts on the yogurt just topped everything off.Again, this is not fancy dining. But their food is great. There's no exotic materials or ridiculously small portions to make everything look luxurious, but your stomach will definitely thank you at the end of the meal.
Went here with my entire family a few weeks back.As always, we ordered a copious amount of food. We had the Pita Bread sampler with 3 spreads (one with eggplant, anotther with hummus and feta, and the last one traditional tzatzki). We also had to try the crispy zucchini cakes w/ cucumber and mint & yogurt dressing. Both appetizers were good, my favorite spread was the feta, however be warned though, the flavor profile is aggressive. I thought the zucchini was cooked well but needed more salt. We also ordered the grilled octopus, slightly overcharred and overcooked, left us a little disappointed. For the main course we ordered the     -Avgolemono: tradtional egg lemon soup w/chicken and rice (lemon was           overkill)    -Psari Pisto: grilled whole fish (best dish of the night)    -Moussaka: casserole of spiced lamb (way too sweet!!!!!)    -Arnisia Paidakia: lamb chops (nothing special, over charred, underseasoned)    -Mosharisia Brizola: dry aged rib-eye (standard tender piece of meat, also over           charred and underseasoned All the potatoes that came with the dish were extremely acidic and over powered by LEMON. I swear, that was all we could taste in every dish! As for dessert, we tried the flourless chocolate cake and Bakalava Ice Cream.Both were good, thought the idea of mixing the bakalava into the ice ceam was novel. It taste good but next time I'll stick with traditional Bakalava slice with ice cream on the side (make note, the ice cream was a special flavor but I can't recall what it was)Service was standard but did little to engage in the meal. Overall ThoughtsI'm still wondering why Kokkari has an average 4.5 Stars out of almost 2,000 reviews =/
I went to Kokkari for the first around two weeks ago after I met one of the managers who told me to give the restaurant a try. Initially, I was not interested but since he promised me to get me a free main course I thought it was worth to give a try. Since that day I have been back in so many occasions, probably around a dozen of times. Kokarri is one of the best restaurants in the Bay Area and maybe in the entire California. The Halibut with olives, artichokes and lentils has been a must every time visit this restaurant. The Zucchini cake is excellent as well as the calamari and grilled lamb.I have taken my clients to this restaurant and they always left happy. All of them agreed with me regarding the quality and value of this restaurant. We are all looking forward to coming back because there are not too many restaurants as good as this one.
Wow, what an amazing dining experience. Amazing food. Everything we tried was excellent. The fried cheese w lemon app was insanely delicious. Thanks Benjamin for the excellent service.
my sister took me here to celebrate my acceptance into dental hygiene school. I was ecstatic to be spoiled with good food. We made reservations and the service was impeccable. We were mmediately seated across from their rotisserie and the ambiance was to flanging for two sisters. our server was accommodating to our first visit. he recommended the past summer salad to us and we decided it was worth trying. the salad, though light, was my favorite! it paid exceptionally well with the cheese. a combination of sweet and savory tastes in your mouth was heavenly! we also ordered lamb riblets, which were tender and fall of the bone good. the moussaka was heavy and hearty. lastly, we had dessert kataifa ekmek, which was c surprisingly good. it was crispy on bottom, with sweetness from the syrup and creaminess from the topping. all a must try!
Finally made it in here and it was all that was expected. Kokkari is top notch-attractive and classy, but comfortable. High five to the chefs-the lamb skewer and Greek salad were my picks and I was not disappointed. The servers are well versed and mannerly, if you want a special night out, pick Kokkari!
Great atmosphere, fantastic food and an amazing staff. You have to try the goat stew!!
Let's just say that Yelp introduced to me Kokkari Estiatorio and delivered it to me excellently on a shining silver platter.As a generous gift, my friend made reservations about a week in advance to celebrate my birthday. Let me start off by saying this dude eats. And by eat, he EATS...a lot. Which is great! I pretty much had a chance to try half the menu (I'm exaggerating, ..... kind of?). Let's start off with the food, shall we? Octapodaki tou Ylorgou: grilled octopus with lemon, oregano, & olive oil. Was told by our lovely waitress that it's prepped the night before and soaked in a way where the chewiness of the octopus becomes tederized and soft! Didn't disappoint!Kolokithokeftethes: crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber served with a mint-yogurt dressing. Not my usual go-to dish but we trusted our waitress' recommendations so we went for it. The dressing was refreshing and heavy at the same time. Perfect combo with the fried zucchiniArnisia Plevrakia: grilled lamb riblets with lemon and oregano. OFF WITH THY BONES. Really, the meat was juicy and fell off the bones like magic. AMAZZZZZING FLAVORS. I secretly wished I could've ordered another order of this dish but our entrees didn't even come yet.... I decided to hold out for the sake of saving space in my tummyI ordered the lamb shank as my entree and I loved it. The meat was cooked perfectly and fell off the bones. Anddddd surprisingly, it was huge portion of meat! (Good thing I didn't order another appetizer.... although.... they DO provide takeout boxes so............)With all the "WHOAAA" and "OMG THIS IS SO GOOD" exchanged during our meal, it wouldn't have been the same without the service we received. Our waitress (I wish I got her name! She was such a sweetheart) was so attentive and helpful throughout our dinner. She was informative and gave great suggestions without being overwhelming. I found out later that my friend rushed to the hostess while I went to the restroom to drop off a birthday dessert he had bought for me. Our waitress came at the end of our lovely dinner with candles and even notified the cooks to add the words 'Happy Birthday' on the other desserts we ordered. Wow this review was definitely a mouthful but Kokkari deserved every single letter. It was a dining experience that'll have me coming back for more! Their menu is a little more on the pricey side but for a fine dining restaurant, it's totally reasonable as far as the food and service goes. Thanks for spoiling my stomach rotten, Kokkari. Do it some more.
Love, love, love Kokkari! This restaurant stole my heart ever since I first ate there back in '06. They've gotten so busy since then and I'm glad they are doing so well, but also am kind of sad that the demand for a table has gotten so crazy! Amazing food, great service!
My boyfriend and I visited Kokkari to celebrate both of our birthdays. I booked online via OpenTable and made a note of it being our birthdays. They did not disappoint. We arrived early and were greeted by two lovely hostesses. The bar was packed with men in suits, so my boyfriend and I stood to the side and enjoyed our very tasty gin and tonics. There was also a host who seated us and he was very friendly and funny. The waitstaff was attentive. I ordered the lamb with Kokkari potatoes. It was incredible. There is a great selection of wines to choose from. Our server insisted on us having a complimentary dessert to share for our birthdays. I told him I have Celiac Disease and he brought out a delectable flour-less chocolate cake.Note: There is a small journey to get to the restroom, but it is worth it because even the restrooms are beautiful. 5 Stars for Kokkari!
This is hands down the best restaurant in the city. The Zucchini cakes, saghanaki, and lamb chops will make you cry out! Oh even the little potatoes that come with the lamb chops are perfection. Once you get your food, you won't say a word to whomever you came with cuz you're just gonna wanna focus on and savor every little bite. I bet you'll even lick the plate clean it's that good.  You can skip the hummus. It was just mehh...like hummus from anywhere else.Pricey? Yes. But worth every single penny.
Used to be my favorite restaurant when I lived in SF. After another dinner there last night, I'm pretty sure Kokkari has become my favorite restaurant in the world.
Impeccable service!! The food is delicious but the entrees are rather large. If you're having dinner for 2, try to limit yourself to no more than 2 appetizers otherwise you will have no room for dessert - which is delicious and you must try! Loved Kokkari and can't wait to go back with the family :) Tip: bring your own wine as the corkage fee is only $20 per bottle. Also, the braised lamb shank is delicious but becomes overwhelming after the first few bites. I could barely get through it.
This place is just absolutely sublime, from the service and dcor to the food.Served by a delightful brunette waitress with long hair on the evening of 7/21/14. She provided excellent menu suggestions and was extremely attentive. Every single dish that arrived was immaculately presented and delicious. The baked feta was my personal favourite! Such a wonderful dining experience and I hope to be back in San Fran soon to enjoy the food again.
I am not used to having to reserve a restaurant a week in advance. We don't really have that problem in San Diego. The last time I was in to SF I (naively) tried to book a table same-day. I think it was a weekend even (silly me)! Live and learn. I got it right the next trip by planning ahead. Almost 3k reviews and 4.5 stars?! What?! Okay, super stoked to try this place! The outside entrance makes the place look small, but this is deceptive. Behind the bar (which is also pretty small) is an abundance of seating. LOVED the ambiance (this is big for me). Very rustic and warm. The place was packed, but didn't feel over-crowded. Now onto the food! So... my dining companion was FROM the Mediterranean and was underwhelmed by what we ordered. I agree, really. The food here is good but it's not OUT OF THIS WORLD good like the ratings would suggest. Maybe we didn't order the show-stoppers. The app selection is pretty impressive... and the artichokes were yummy. But I actually thought the chicken entree was a little dry! For these prices nothing should be dry except my wine. I don't eat red meat so I have sampled A LOT of chicken in my lifetime. Was sort of disappointed. I can't help but feel like you can get the same quality Mediterranean food for a much cheaper price elsewhere. I actually prefer the food at my local Kebabory. Probably won't be back, but at least I can say I've tried this place!
Have been to Kokkari few times before, tried few different dishes, was served by few different servers. SERVICEServer number one Sarah was too comfortable with my dining companion, friendly touching him on a shoulder. First thing she said: I haven't met you but he is our regular, and flirty winked at him. Whah? It was his first time at this place too. What if he didn't want me to know. Second server Matt was ignorant or lazy. The third time we were there server Engin was good and attentive enough. FOODGood:Fried smelt fish ($10.50) Greek beer ($5)Roasted chicken is pretty good ($24) roasted vegetables on a side were dry and boring.Fish is very good ($36 and more) cooked perfectly. Good selections.Whole Rotisserie lamb special ($38) is good, not great, skin formed from roasting was overly salty. Pieces from different parts of the lamb we cooked well done, didn't have charred flavor I expected to taste from wood burned rotisserie oven. Tasted like it was boiled or steamed. OVERPRICED.Bad:Greek salad ($10) tomatoes were very cold, pieces too big, portion small. Zucchini cakes ($8.75) bland, mushy, yogurt too acidic and overly salty. Stuffed calamari w/feta ($9.50) 3small calamaris, feta overpowered and didn't work very well. Moussaka ($21.75) taste of cinnamon made dish tasted like desert, tasted sweet. Very little lamb, few thin slices of eggplant and the rest was mushed potato. Lamb meat balls ($9.50) overly saltedSardines ($5)each/order as much as you want. Came out raw, I asked server if it was intended, he said defensively not, I ate half already, it wasn't bad. He took it back and brought the same two broken fishes cooked to death, super dry and terrible, I rather eat it raw. Overall: -if you are in a mood to eat fish it's a very good place for it-expect to pay big price-make reservation few weeks in advancewalkings can grab a place at the bar or wait for if somebody not gonna show for their reservation.
This is simply the best Greek and mediterranean in California. We eat out at a lot of places, and honestly I am not a huge fan of Greek food, but this place has me converted. We have to stop in every time we visit San Francisco. The food is superb and the service is impeccable. Kuddos to the chefs and servers. The only request I would make would be to expand the wine list a bit.
The goat stew and grilled octopus was incredible. I received great service at the bar, but at the table the service was sub par. The ambiance and atmosphere of the restaurant is very unique. I will definitely be going back!
Amazing Greek Food! Sid brought us here as a belated wedding present and we loved every minute of it :)*Make reservations beforehand because it gets busy! Also get ready to drop some $$ cuz this place is not cheap.FOOD:+Zucchini Cakes- delicious! MUST ORDER THESE!+Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata AND Tirosalata - with housemade grilled pita- our waiter gave us a sampling of all of these and the first and third were my personal favs+Lamb Souvlaki - marinated lamb skewered were well seasoned+Ravioli - wild nettles & ricotta cheese with mushrooms, probably the only vegetarian option; very small portion but tasty+Wine: we ordered a bottle of some red wine, forgot what and it was the perfect pairing to our mealSERVICE:-The waiter was a bit more chatty than we would have liked, rattling the specials on and on when we said we knew what we wanted.AMBIENCE:-It's in the heart of the financial district which is completely dead after 8 pm any day of the week. Kind of a hidden gem though. The restaurant is very spacious and the booth are comfortable and intimate.-Hungry Hungry Pongy
Kokkari, you are one of my favorite restaurants ever, ever, EVER! I've been to Kokkari twice and I think it's safe to say that I have fallen in love. Everything about this restaurant is PHENOMENAL - the food, the service, and the ambiance! The tzatziki, hummus and pita are simply amazing - definitely a must for appetizers. As for the main course, GET LAMB! It will blow you away! I had the Lamb Souvlaki and it seriously makes me want to cry - it was really that good! For dessert, two words, Chocolate Sundae!This place is must go in SF, end of story! Enjoy!
Amazing experience here, every time I go! Food is fantastic, staff is friendly and attentive, ambiance can't be beat! Just adore this place!
Disappointed!! This was our second time here. We had a five star experience the first visit so decided to make dinner here the highlight of our visit to San Francisco with my parents and my nephew (party of five). We were seated right on time but into a cramped semi-circle booth in the hallway between the fireplace room and the larger back room. Our waiter brought our waters and the sommelier brought our drinks, then the waiter proceeded to stand and talk to a couple at the table that was just across from us for 15 minutes. We finally flagged down the sommelier to take our food order; she informed us that one of the owners was in the booth across the way. The waiter glanced over when he heard us ordering and popped back over. He never once apologized for leaving us stranded. We all ordered small plates. Because the waiter did not pay attention to who ordered what, my husband and I received all 3 of our courses and had nearly finished eating before my dad got any of his food. We had to flag the waiter down to get refills of our wine and beer. I was shocked that the service was so poor after we had had such a wonderful experience last time. (Wouldn't you think the owner would have wanted the other guests taken care of?!?)The only reason that I am awarding 3 stars instead of 1 is that the octopus and the watermelon salad, along with the zucchini cakes are superb. However, I can find superb food with better service elsewhere in the city!
First of all, I love the layout of this restaurant. Hubby and I were seated further in the back where there were all kinds of windows and you almost felt like you were dining on a terrace outside, but with the comfort of being inside. Hubby and I had an early dinner, so we didn't think we could do full entrees and chose to do several small plates instead. I loved dining this way as it gave us the opportunity to try several dishes. We got the baked feta and zucchini cakes to start, an order of pita, some tzatziki, the lamb riblets, and the manti, which were duck meatball dumplings. I thought everything was great. The standouts to me were the tzatziki, which was clearly made with greek style yogurt so thick you could have stood up a spoon in it! So yummy! And the lamb riblets, which were incredibly flavorful and tender. The other outstanding item we got was the dessert, which was the Pagoto Caramelas. It was shredded philo caramelized with a burnt caramel cream gelato on top and it was just all kinds of caramel-ly goodness. Service was warm, friendly, and efficient. We always had everything we needed. Would definitely go back here any time.
BEEF its whats for dinner...unless you are eating Greek because here at Kokkari they can braise a mean piece of lamb. Juicy, tender, and very filling. For the appetizer I tried the Kalamari stuffed with cheese, it was tasty, but nothing special to it. On the other hand, the grilled octopus was amazing. Cooked perfectly so that it does not feel like you are chewing a rubber band. I also highly recommend the Moussaka, their traditional casserole which has lamb, eggplants, potato, and yogurt. The service was professional, clean, and exactly what you would expect. Kokkari is also located in a nice and clean location where parking was easy to find.
An alternative view. Kokkari is a major polluter. Its multiple emission sources, spew carcinogenic soot and other NOx byproducts into the air. The late night noise makers that exit Kokkari have no respect for the neighbors. Only in San Francisco could such a polluter situate in the middle of a dense residential neighborhood. The valet parkers hog the few available parking spaces in this area and some drive so aggressively that neighbors are concerned.
Kokkari is one of the best restaurants in San Francisco, simply stated. I visit perhaps 2-3 times each year, and each meal is a wonderful reunion of familiar favorites and new temptations. Throughout the experience, from seating to leaving, nothing is ever amiss, and everything is always amazing and smoothly handled. This place is a benchmark for local restaurants to measure their overall organization against.You may not know you like Greek cuisine, but Kokkari will prove to you that you do. There is a mix of 'ethnic' and 'less adventurous' items throughout the menu to satisfy all appetites. A few of my favorites, besides EVERYTHING, are the Saghanaki (a DELICIOUS pan-seared cheese appetizer), the Gigantes (giant baked beans in a tomato sauce), and anything out of their rotisserie- especially the grilled fish. On my most recent visit, they featured fresh petrale sole- and it was truly one of the finest sole dishes I have EVER had!Last but not least, don't miss the boat on the baklava with ice cream, or the baklava ice-cream (ice cream mixed with baklava). Can't go wrong with either, but my preference is the baklava itself- beautiful rendition of this classic.Kokkari is a spot to be considered for all purposes- formal, less-formal, birthdays, dates, etc. You can never go wrong. Be prepared for a wonderful experience you will want to repeat again very soon!
Excellent restaurant for any occasion. We went for dinner on our anniversary day. The food was excellent and service was good. We ordered zucchini cakes, lamb chops and semolina dessert....
Good food, great waitstaff.
This is a simply fantastic restaurant with exquisite food and the service to match.The waiters are very attentive to your needs. No need to flag anybody down as they have a keen eye on your plate and drink. Our waiter did get our order wrong, but he quickly took the plate back and even offered to take my dish back and keep it in the kitchen so itll be warm. The restaurant ended up taking our dessert and coffee of our tab, which I was very grateful for.The lamb is something I have never tasted before. The distinct "lamb" taste is combined with the seasonings they use; in my case, I loved it. The portions are not terrible, but not extraordinary either. They have quite an extensive wine/alcohol selection to pair with the lamb. They also have other dishes, like pork and fish.We capped this visit with their sundae. It was glorious. That is pretty much all I have to say about that.Don't get me wrong. The $ signs are there because it is pricey. If you have special guests/anniversaries/etc, this is the place. Overall I would give it 4 stars, but the service was so spectacular I had to bump this to a five.TIP: do the valet. street parking is impossible being in the financial district and the dishes come elegantly slow. there are parking garages nearby (embarcadero center ones) but its more than the valet.
What can be said to the already thousands of glowing remarks except "ditto". First time was last nite-booked res 3 wks in advance, so need to plan ahead as tough to get in. Restaurant is beautiful, warm and great ambience, staff professional and our waiter was one of the best we've experienced in decades of fine dining. I will say the bartender was a bit rude when asked for a cocktail menu (as many bars offer unique selections we like to try), his very indignant response being that "no...we've never needed a cocktail menu in 16 yrs...". We decided to skip the cocktail experience and just wait for our table on the side-his loss. We immediately forgot about his rudeness as we were seated and cared for expertly by the wait staff. And the best part of all-food did not disappoint-Believe the Hype-it's all true. So many more items we wanted to try but it was just me and hubby...the lamb riblets are a Must (we ordered a 2nd they were so good!), the grilled octopus tender and flavorful and the watermelon feta salad was a refreshing side-beautiful color. I had the roasted sole, hubby had the grilled lamb chops-both amazing and would order again-so expertly prepared and flavorful-even the greens that came with the fish were amazing. Last but not least-the summer special dessert-acme bread pressed into a dessert tin with blackberry brandy and fresh berries, set for hours and then turned upside down so all the rich juices permeate the cake like substance, topped with fresh whipped cream-so refreshing, sweet and we wished we could have have seconds here too!! We can't wait to visit again!
Food was really good, so was the decor. i gave two less star because of their hosts behavior. THAT LADY WITH curly HAIR WAS DAMN RUDE! we talked twice with her while waiting to be seated (we had reservation) but her attitude was way rude! For a restaurant like this, her behavious wasnt up to the mark. while we were done and coming out, we even smiled at her and expected to hear Have good night kinda stuff which is quite normal, she looked at us, we had an eye to eye contact and she turned her head to talk with an colluege. that was kind of awkward though. no complain about food, and other peoples behavior was good too. My husband noticed another thing, that host lady arranged seat for 4 other people who hade reservation way after ours but maybe she knew the lady from that group, while we were waiting to be seated for 45 minutes (we were a bit early ) .
I came here because I got a gift certificate to diner here - it's a greek restaurant and in a nice location in San Francisco. We were seated at a small table for two. Romantic except we were around arms length away from another couple and had only a small lamp separating us. Hard to be intimate when you were pretty much intimate with the couple next to you.For starters, we had spanakotiropita and some dips - Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata - with housemade grilled pita. Both were pretty good and the filo pies were really crisp.For main course, we had the following, which I will copy from their website:Moussaka - traditional casserole of spiced lamb, eggplant, potato & yogurt bechamel Arnisio Souvlaki - spiced lamb skewer grilled with onion, bay leaf & tomatoes with ttzatziki & potatoesI dunno what it was, but the moussaka just tasted like I was eating a ton of carbs - more potato than lamb.The service was nice, but I don't think the food is worth the price. I probably wouldn't have gone here if it wasn't for the gift certificate.
This place does not deserve less than 5 stars. Specially Food but service, stuff everything about this place is perfect. Definitely recommended !!!!!
Great food, nice ambience, and pleasant staff. We arrived 30 minutes early by mistake, but they were very accommodating and seated us right away. We ordered the zucchini cakes and meatballs as appetizers. Both were great. We followed up with a salad and the whole fish. Excellent. They surprised me with a lovely candle and decorated birthday plate with the flour less chocolate cake and ice cream. Delicious!
I don't know why this restaurant gets such good reviews. The food ingredients were quite good, but the food itself was nothing special (I remember having much better food when I went to the Greek neighborhood in Toronto), the prices were high, and one of the waiters was rather sexist (basically ignoring my female dining companion, and expecting me to order, etc.).
Everything was pretty solid. Lamb chops were gooood. You can't really go wrong with anything you order. Would definitely come again.
We spent a very pleasant evening at Kokkario Estiatorio. The enormous space was very handsome, with a fireplace and a nice bar. The service was impeccable.  Our waiter was very professional, attentive without being over involved. The food was good to very good, but not the best Greek food that we have ever eaten. We are spoiled, coming from the NY metro area. The wine list was weighted towards expensive bottles, but there were a few under $50. Bread and olive oil were very good.  Appetizers were mostly excellent, including zucchini cakes, spanakopita and lamb meatballs. The octopus was good.  The special appetizer of sunchokes was turgid. Entrees were more variable. The lamb skewers were excellent. Grilled branzino was very good, but inexpertly fileted. I ordered the special of a grilled Berkshire pork chop. The bone of the chop was extra long and was said to contain bacon. The pork chop was good, the extra part was more like pork belly and was too fatty for me to enjoy. The potatoes and side dishes were all very good. We really enjoyed the desserts. The ice cream sundae was excellent. We had another Greek dessert that was excellent too. This was, by far, the most expensive meal that we ate in SF.  The setting and service were good as any restaurant that we went to. It wasn't the best food or the best value. It was a nice night, but not 50% better than Seven Hills or Locanda.
After I dined at Evvia (their sister restaurant) on a Wednesday, I immediately knew I had to make a reservation at Kokkari - miraculously, I saw a Sunday 7pm reservation open up on OpenTable, and booked it right away. Overall, the menus are pretty similar, with Kokkari having a few extra options in each category (appetizers, soups/salads, entrees).Both were 5 star experiences. While Evvia had more memorable, outstanding service, with the waitress actually interacting & making friendly conversation with us, at Kokkari, the waitress, though polite, seemed to be just going through the motions (Instead, she seemed to be more friendly to the tables around us who had ordered numerous bottles of wine...) However, the ambience at Kokkari definitely made up for what the cramped Evvia lacked in that aspect - Kokkari's space is actually deceivingly large, with high ceilings and comfortable, spread-out seating. The dim lighting and tasteful decor create a warm, romantic atmosphere. Plus, we were seated in a booth in the corridor (separate from the main room with the bar), so the noise level was perfect.As for the food, my favorites were:Appetizers: Spanakotiropita (phyllo with braised greens), Kolokithokeftethes (crispy zucchini cakes), and Octapodaki tou Yiorgou (grilled octopus)Entree: Arnisia Paidakia (rib-cut, mesquite-grilled lamb chops)Dessert: Galaktoboureko (phyllo with vanilla bean semolina custard)If you value extremely friendly service, go to Evvia.If you value a fancier, romantic ambience, go to Kokkari.However... Guaranteed AMAZING food at both.
What a disappointment! After coming to San Francisco for years I always tried without success to get into Kokkari. This time we made a reservation three months in advance. Unfortunately neither the food nor the service lived up to expectations. Although the food was uniquely spiced, it was a far cry from traditional Greek cuisine. The starters were certainly more enjoyable than the entrees where they used a great deal of cinnamon and nutmeg. The octopus and the calamari were amongst my favorites, however the fried cheese and lamb meatballs were very mediocre. The seabass was nothing special and the worst dish was the moussaka which was bordering on burnt and poorly presented. We will not be returning.
First time at the restaurant, although I have heard about it for years. It did not disappoint!Our waiter George was the epitome of what good service should be with a side of entertainment. His explanations of the specials and suggested wines were so vivid, that it was like he was showing us a picture. Everyone of his suggestions was a hit.MezesOctopus- Grilled, tender, simply dressed. A hit even with our non-seafood loving friends,Calamari- Grilled and stuffed with Feta. DeliciousSpanikopita- Wouldn't have been my choice, but they were unlike any other I ever had. Delicately crunchy pillows of filo filled with creamy spinach and feta. Yum!Salads:We had the traditional Greek and the persimmon one both good, but the least interesting part of the meal.Mains:Lamb Chops- Three nice size chops with potatoes. Cooked to perfectionLamb Shanks- Falling off the bone tender on a bed of deliciously spiced OrzoMousakka- Generous square casserole of this delicious creamy goodnessGoat Stew- This was my order. I have never ordered anything like this before but based on our waiter's description, I had to go for it. When in Athens...It was tender and delicious and I can't wait to eat my leftovers for lunch today!Desserts: We had the baklava with the ice cream and the special dessert that was filo dough dipped in baklava syrup topped with cream and pistachios. Light and delicious.We loved everything about our meal from the attentive, but not overbearing busboy to the timing of when our food came out. It was a pricey meal, but it was worth the wait for me!
Good but not great. Definitely not a good deal. Best thing here was the cuttlefish stuffed with feta. Drools. Perfectly cooked. Unfortunately, I've had better grilled octopus at the Greek Fair somewhere near the OC? I guess it was good. but not $14 for one tentacle good. Watermelon with feta, olive oil, basil?? - First - lukewarm watermelon. :( Otherwise an interesting dish. Zucchini cakes were also good, but pricey. The grilled lamb was slightly gamey. It was tough. Sea bass - daily special - Just decent. Not too impressed with their preparation of the fish. Mild flavors. Sometimes, food is soo good, I don't care how overpriced it is. In fact, I'll order two. But here, I felt it wasn't good enough to charge what they charge. I'm sure it is the location, but I don't really care about location.
So good! Will definitely frequent this place since it's so close to work. Have eaten there twice thus far and have enjoyed both times equally. The Moussaka is amazing, definitely a calorie splurge, but worth it in my opinion. Additionally, the baked feta and zucchini cakes were delicious. The appetizer portions aren't huge, but the entree portions are larger (all diners had to-go boxes). The staff is very attentive and the ambiance is great, as well. Bon Appetit!
Love this place. Been a while since I've been here but took a friend to lunch for a birthday. Here is the feedback and why it got 3 (would do 3.5) rather than 5: - Reservations: called same day, rude, no availability. Went on Open Table, no problem - booked. - Check-in: hostess said table was almost ready. She sat at least 5 other parties also of 2 that arrived AFTER me with and without their full parties. Waited 15 minutes to be seated. - Waitress: pleasant - Servers: the servers were literally dropping the plates on the table (meatball sauce on table cloth, at least not on us) - Food: mostly delicious! Meatballs, zucchini cakes, squash (a tad stringy), greek salad (generous but bland and 80% cucumbers, 2% onion, 12% tomatoes and 6% feta - needed lots of extra salt, oil...lemon and more herbs would have been nice).- Dessert: best part of meal. It was friend's birthday and I made a note on the reservation. They served it beautifully with candle and chocolate writing on plate but still charged full price for it. That's probably normal at an expensive restaurant like this.Will go back again but hope for a slightly better experience.
Absolutely amazing !! wine, food ambiance just simply the best !!! Can't wait to go back.
Food was delicious, loved the sea bass, the meat was so tender and fresh. Also tried the lamb chops, probably the best piece of lamb meat I've ever had!Reason for the lowered rating is our order came out to 152.50, I put down 170.00 as tip (probably wasn't enough), but my account was charged 172.50.4 Stars for delicious food - 1 star dishonesty Still a great restaurant, a must try!
We started off with the zucchini cakes and fried smelt, which made for a wonderful start. Let me begin with the smelt, I have grown up eating whole fish and the fried smelt was probably one of the best I have ever had. Fried perfectly and the light flavorful batter was the perfect compliment to the mild meaty fish. The best way to describe this dish would be fish French fries, in the best way possible. The salty tangy smelt was accompanied by a garlic aioli. Along with the smelt we had the zucchini cakes which balanced out the smelt perfectly. Light and bright served with a thick and creamy tzatziki sauce, this balanced out our starters. For entrees we had the grilled fish of the day, Mediterranean bass with olive oil, lemon and greens and the lamb moussaka. The moussaka was rich, hearty and lamby, the best way I can describe it as being at home and having a hot home cooked meal on a cold winter day. The bass was amazing as well, it was perfectly cooked with a crispy herbed skin and moist flaky meat. The olive oil and lemon highlighted the fish's delicate flavor and made the greens come to life. I will be back here in the near future as there are at least a half dozen more items on the menu that I need to try. In addition to the food the staff was amazing and made us feel right at home. The dcor and ambiance were the perfect match for a meal that was out of this word but still felt like you were at home amongst friends. On a final note there was what I assumed was a lamb or goat being spit roasted in the hearth that I want to inquire about.
The same dudes who do evvia in sf IIRC -- I've only ever done takeout here so I can only attest to the food itself, but the lamb is off-the-bone awesome. Like, eat til you cry awesome, because you're going to get full. Sadly enough I'm now unable to eat lamb, after doing a bit of traveling. Another story for another day. But it's true that this will likely be the last place I will ever have enjoyed lamb.
Kokkari was my mom-sponsored part of my fancy-schmancy 40th birthday fun. Definitely enjoyable; we had the fried zucchini cakes as a starter and I had the moussaka for my meal. My mother had the chicken and Adam opted for a few appetizers (giant beans and chicken livers) to satisfy him. I got a glass of wine that was good but had ample sediment at bottom. Bread refills were plenty, but we were disappointed that they also didn't give us more olive oil when we ran out. Total for three before tip: $103. I thought that was more than fair for an enjoyable evening out.
Our boss treated our team here for an employee appreciation day. The service was great but maybe my expectations were too high with the cuisine.We shared many starters and although everything was good nothing was extraordinary. I had the arnisia pardakia (lamb chops) and definitely wasn't impressed, I experienced better mediterranean food at not so fancy (and expensive) restaurants here in Bay Area.
Having read all of the reviews from the culinarily-advanced folks, I'll sing Kokkari's praises for some of the simpler food items they did well:1. The bread. I ate 3 loaves. I didn't have any fish, but it did make me feel like Jesus. 2. The lamb. Speaking of Jesus, this tasted like the lamb of God. So many flavors... so juicy... so much holy awesomeness. 3. Yiaourti Me Meli - this Greek-yogurt-based dessert seemed to have miraculously descended from heaven and blessed our table. Overall, it was an unexpectedly spiritual dining experience.
Had a family dinner there on a Sunday night and the place was pretty packed, but I think we had the best table in the house, tucked in the back room, we had the only booth in the back so we are away from all the craziness of the tables around us. That was nice. The atmosphere was pretty low-key. Nothing too pretentious even though it's more on the fine-dining spectrum. The bathroom was a bit of a trick. You have to take the elevator downstairs in order to get there, but it is clean.Food-wise, we ordered what came highly recommended. For starters:Lamb riblets: by far, one of my favorite...good flavor, cooked with a bit of charZucchini cakes: they were ok, nothing fancy and didn't quite pack a punch for meGrilled octopus: those are tasty and not chewy at allSpanakotiropita: traditional filo pies were nice a flakey and tastyEntrees:The lamb: wasn't all that cracked up to be. I guess it's the cut of the meat that I wasn't too fond of. I was somewhat disappointed. Grilled fish: this is a must. Have the whole fish and just dissect it yourself. You'll enjoy it a lot more like that. Goat stew: this was hearty but great dish to share. The orzo pasta tasted great in the stew.Dessert:We had this berry cake like pudding which was quite sweet and heavy but nonetheless good. It was a bit much though. Overall: the service was on point, the food was good, and our waiter didn't even charge us for the corkage fee. Score!
Food was good, service not so much. Three of us selected several small plates and asked the waiter to have them served as our entree. Unfortunately, they were brought quite a bit ahead of our dining companions' entrees. That meant we had to make a choice of letting them get cold or be impolite and eat while the others were waiting. In addition, we didn't get one of the dishes we had ordered (the waiter did bring it when we pointed that out and took it off the bill). A number of times we tried to get the waiter's attention, to no avail. For the prices charged, the service should be first rate and it wasn't. Not the experience I expected.
I wish I arrived at Kokkari Estiatorio hungrier. Actually, I think this for every Greek restaurant. Kokkari Estiatorio was a last-minute decision, which showed because we arrived 20 minutes before their lunch service ended. But this means we avoid the lunch rush and got an amazing, spacious window table. Our server was fantastic and really he made the experience memorable. He was attentive, helpful, witty, professional, and invisible. I have never been to a restaurant where a server had that perfect balance. He knew when to offer his suggestions but also be unobtrusive. And without him we would have never landed the last Thursday lunch special.I love bechamel sauce. Our love affair first start just shy of a year ago when I tasted the pastitsio at a Sacramento Greek restaurant. When I describe the creamy perfection that is bechamel to the girlfriend, she lashed out in a jealous rage. Enough of that drama, onto the food. So we ordered the dolmathes and zucchini cakes to start followed by the pastitsio and grilled lamb chops. Before any dishes came out the bread arrived. Not sure if I was blinded by hunger but that was some bread damn good bread. Dolmathes were okay but the zucchini cakes with that cucumber and mint yogurt dressing was to star, giving the bechamel sauce a little competition.Two lamb chops and the pastitsio arrived, sitting beautifully on the plate. Lamb was cooked medium, was easy to cut, and went well with the lemon-oregano vinaigrette. Surprisingly, the pastitsio had more red sauce than bechamel. Still enjoyable but I was longing for the bechamel. Perhaps another time. I will definitely return to Kokkari Estiatorio; I just wish it was more affordable. What I recommend:-- call and reserve your daily taverna special-- zucchini cakes
I have been to Kokkari twice and have had a great experience both times. The food is flavorful and the service is wonderful despite being very busy both times I have dined there. I have some food intolerances and things I cannot eat as a pregnant woman, and they are always accommodating to my requests. Their greek salad is phenomenal and I have never been disappointed by their lamb meals either!
I always thought that there was no such thing as perfection.Kokkari proved me wrong. Usually, I hate to be proven wrong (ask my mom and my boyfriend), but this time, I couldn't have been happier. I don't know where to start, but all I know is besides the fact that the food was out-of-this-world-amazing, our server, Edward, was hands-down, the best server I have ever had. Not only was he attentive and helpful as most good servers are, he was also extremely charismatic and hilarious, keeping us entertained for our entire 3-hour dinner. My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and even though we had high expectations, Kokkari still exceeded them. The Greek white wine that Edward recommended was delicious and the food was mouth-watering good. Please refrain from drooling on your keyboard as you read the next section. We ordered:   -"Octapodaki tou Yiorgou" - grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil ($15.50): The tender octopus with a simple dressing makes this small plate unique and a definite must-order.    - "Mapakia" - wood-oven roasted Brussels sprouts with capers & lemon ($9): I've tried so many different preparations of brussel sprouts and these were the most delicious (maybe it was the capers).    - "Manti" (one of their specials) - ground duck baked with phyllo dough ($10): My boyfriend ate most of these but the one bite I had was full of flavor.    - "Horiatiki" - classic Greek salad of tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, onion, oregano, olives & feta ($12): Simple, yet fresh and delicious.    - "Portokalosalata" - mixed citrus salad with rose water, cinnamon, Medjool dates & candied walnuts ($11.50): I ordered this because I wanted something different from their basic Greek salad. I'm so glad I did because it was absolutely amazing. If you like to mix sweet and savory flavors, you will love this.    - "Psari sto Furno" - wood-oven sea bass Broudeto style in a spicy tomato sauce with prawns & mussels ($43): The sea bass was so delicate and paired great with the chunky tomato sauce. The prawns and mussels were not as satisfying, so I wouldn't recommend them as an add-on.    - "Goat Stew" (another special) - tender goat with feta and orzo (and other good stuff): SO GOOD- My boyfriend ordered this and I could not keep my fork out of his plate. You, or someone at your table, must order this if they have it available. It is heavenly.    - "Galaktoboureko" - Semolina custard in phyllo dough with Black Mission figs & creme fraiche ice cream ($8): Weren't we too full for dessert? Yes. Did we order it anyways and still finish it? We sure did. According to our server, this was their best dessert, and I'll definitely take his word for it because it was amazing- a gift from the Greek gods, the perfect combination of creamy ice cream and crispy phyllo dough. Altogether, we ordered way too much food for two people, but everything was so good that we couldn't help ourselves. I can confidently say that our dinner at Kokkari was the best overall dining experience that I have ever had. Highlights:- grilled octopus- mixed citrus salad- goat stew- Edward
We enjoyed a late Friday afternoon lunch at Kokkari and it was amazing!We ordered the:grilled octopus - if you like octopus go for it but its a texture thing. Flavor was greatwhole sea bass - to die forbaklava dessert - heavenlyflourless chocolate cake - moist and denseReservations are a must!
A lovely old friend who's a media rep (for a major business magazine) took me here for lunch on a Friday to catch up. Who doesn't love being treated for a elegant lunch on a work Friday???We met at 12:30- she was already seated in the front room, my view was of the roasting chickens over the fire - truly mesmerizing! Super comfy elegant room. We split 2 apps the watermelon salad (which I normally would not have ordered but it was super good and a great presentation) and the zucchini fritters (I did want the fried cheese but she was trying to be "healthy" I had been "over-served" the night before and wanted something to soak up in the tummy (if you get my drift).For an entree I order 2 more apps: The lamb riblets (which are raved about here but probably my least favorite of the 4 things I ordered), and the gigantic white beans in tomato sauce.Such a nice and civilized lunch. This gal brings her lunch to work 99% of the time to save $$$'s, so it was an especially nice treat.
Second time here, we were in town for a wedding so stopped in for a feast. We ate:Grilled OctopusSpanakopetaTzatziki with Pita (fluffy yet crisp on the outside)Saganaki Horiatiki saladSpring LambGreek Coffee a very good bottle of Rhone for $36cocktails: manhattan and albarinodessert: homemade ice cream (chocolately goodness)Service was excellent, our waitress was so nice and personable, and her backwaiter was always there filling water etc. The manager stopped by to commend our daughter on her good behavior (she is 4). All in all it felt very comfortable and was great quality food - this place is high end but not stuffy, just like the food they serve :) This was a fabulous experience, we will come again next time we are in town. Cost was $260 with the tip.
Kokkari Estiatorio is like a household name in San Francisco's foodies paradise. With over 1,700 glowing reviews, Kokkari doesn't need another one because it's ALWAYS packed. Even at 10 PM on weekends it's bustling every time my friends and I pass by on our way to 5A5. But as an avid Yelper, I can't go without yelping one of San Francisco's most popular restaurants.On Saturday, 11.19.11, my friend and I came to Kokkari for dinner at 8:15 PM. I made reservations exactly one month in advance. Unless you want to eat dinner at 5 PM or 9:30 PM, plan accordingly and make reservations early. If you don't see a feasible time on OpenTable, call for reservations.F O O D Kokkari serves Hellenic cuisine which focuses on culinary traditions of ancient Greece. All the dishes are made with top-notch ingredients and served simply, unmasked by heavy sauces. We ordered most of the dishes Kokkari is known for:*KOLOKITHOKEFTETHES: ZUCCHINI CAKES w/ Cucumber and Mint Yogurt Sauce ($8.75) - 4.5 STARSA must order, the zucchini cakes were perfectly fried to a nice golden brown with a nice crispy exterior. Inside was soft and tender with a bite to it; not mushy as one would expect from a vegetable with a high water content. The thick yogurt sauce added a creamy and refreshing layer of tang to the cakes.*ARNISIA PAIDAKIA: GRILLED LAMB CHOPS w/ Lemon-Oregano Vinaigrette and Kokkari Potatoes ($38) - 4 STARSSimply grilled and lightly dressed, the trio of lamb chops were showcased in its unadulterated form. It was rich, tender, and robust in meaty flavor (not gamey) with a light citrus burst from the vinaigrette and a subtle smokiness from the char marks. Our only gripe was that the lamb chops were slightly overcooked to a medium rare when rare was requested. The kokkari potatoes were like steak fries, super crisp and fluffy soft on the inside.*PSARI PSITO: MEDITERRANIAN SEABASS w/ Braised Greens and Lemon ($32) - 3.5 STARSJust like the lamb chops, the whole seabass was simply grilled with lemon being the only seasoning. Though tender and sweet, it was slightly overcooked as it wasn't as flakey as we had liked it to be. The fish was deboned but I found bits of small bones in the flesh as I was eating the seabass. *BAKLAVA w/ Vanilla-Praline Ice Cream ($9) - 4 STARSNo Greek meal is complete without this staple Greek dessert. Unlike other baklavas I've had, Kokkari's baklava was chockfull of walnuts; I prefer mine with more crispy layers of phyllo dough. This baklava was more like a walnut pie. The ice cream gave a nice cold temperature contrast to the warm and sticky baklava. S E R V I C EThe entire staff at Kokkari is professional, friendly, and attentive. Though very busy, all dishes were well-timed which shows that both the front and back of the house operate like a fine oiled machine.A M B I A N C E / D  C O RLike a rustic Greek inn, Kokkari is a very large restaurant yet maintains a very warm and inviting atmosphere with the huge fireplace, open kitchen, and wooden furnishings. Kokkari is perfect for dates and large parties (private dining rooms are downstairs.)P A R K I N GStreet parking is difficult. Valet parking is $8. By the way, beware of the cocktails at Kokkari. They pack a big punch and will definitely make your dinner more enjoyable.YA SOU!
Don't know what all the hype is.Riblets are great. Butter lettuce salad had nice presentation, but was over dressed (my personal pet peeve.. i want to taste the vegetables, not the vinegar). Service was great, but over all pretentiously priced for what you get..wouldn't go back. Too many truly exceptional restaurants in San Francisco.
I was going to give Kokkari 4 stars before I tried to eat the huge leftover piece of the rotisserie pork the day after we dined. It was my husband's dish he just had to order after watching it on the spit being cooked near our table. We all gasped in delight when it came to the table. The waiter said it still had its bacon cap. I think that really meant it was mostly fat.It came with potatoes that were not crispy or soft, maybe not fully cooked. It also had big pieces of more hard than crispy pork rind.It was a huge and I mean huge bone with what looked like lots of meat along the bone.  It looked so good on the outside. After so many appetizers that within a few bites, my husband opted to take it home.Well, I warmed it up in the microwave the next day. I saw so much liquid fat pooling on the plate, I though WOW so much fat but good to get it off the meat. Then I cut in. No matter where, I found fat marbled with little meat. Impossible to separate the 2. The only edible part was when I cut off the bone from all that "meat" and ate the thin strip of meat right on the bone. All that fat was really gross though my parrot was delighted to get a hunk of it. Suet!!!!!!!!!!.We had lots of the appetizers, 7, and enjoyed most of them. Fun! My favorite was the Taramosalata served with soft, chubby pieces of grilled pita bread. The spread is salty cod roe in some sort of creamy spread. The pita is really good but very filling. It is accompanied by a mound of very pickled vegetables that I loved and was a welcome respite from such a fatty meal.I also loved the grilled artichokes. The grilled octopus was almost too soft but had a great grilled charred flavor. A lot of the appetizers sat in olive oil. The only one I did not enjoy was the pikti which was a terrine of pig head and trotters. It had no flavor and just had a fatty feel in my mouth.I had the lamb shank which was the typical huge size. It was not the best I have ever had but good. I really enjoyed the orzo and myzithra bed it sat in. Most was eaten at home as I was too full.I think the desserts were the hilight of the night. Yes, as stuffed little piggies we were, we managed to eat dessert. I had Galaktoboureko with semolia custard in filo, a scoop of the best pistachio ice cream I have ever had which sat on fresh slices of apricot. My husband had the best dessert, which was a seasonal one. It was a combination of fresh berries crushed and pressed into maybe sponge cake. It was so full of berry flavor. So moist and screamed summer. We all loved it. Yes, we made him share. Our friends ordered the HUGE ice cream sundae. It elicited gasps of joy when it arrived it was so big and beautiful. It had excellent ice cream especially the dense chocolate one, lots of whip cream and chocolate sauce. We would go back though knowing now the emphasis on so much fat in lots of the dishes, we would order more carefully. Maybe order one of the grilled fish I saw being served. They looked good!! Never would we order the fat, I mean pork again. We already are on statins.  I think we could even just order appetizers, skip the entree altogether and then go straight to desserts. I should add the service was excellent and the seats were so comfortable. We had great company for dinner so we enjoyed our evening.  For 4 of us, the bill was over $500 but $230 of that was from 2 bottles of excellent wine so the food portion was very reasonable for all that food.
My wife and I love this place & its sister restaurant Evvia in Paly. The braised octopus is to die for. Their lamb shank - Wow!The rotisserie meats, whether pork, lamb or on rare occasions goat -- double Wow. Decent wine list and by the glass. Can't say enuf about this place.
I'd like to give 3.5 stars. We liked some items, and others were okay.
Some of the best Mediterranean food I've had for sure. We had an 8:30 reservation, but didn't get seated until around 9:15 because the previous party at the table wasn't leaving. Because of the delay though, they gave us two free appetizers! The best dish of the night was definitely the zucchini cakes - absolute crispy perfection. I would definitely also recommend the spanokopitas and the pita platter. The makaronia ravioli was a bit of a disappointment, as it was bland, but not enough to take away from the amazing appetizers that we were served. You can definitely eat enough appetizers here to make a full meal. The best part was that even though I was full, the food wasn't heavy and didn't leave you feeling uncomfortable. The staff here were very friendly and service was extremely fast. It's a great one to go to if you're looking for classy, elegant place with excellent food.
They have a MEAT FIREPLACE! It's a giant fireplace with lamb and chickens roasting in it. Unfortunately, I didn't try anything from it -- this time.Started with the octopus appetizer. It comes with a lemon wedge, but try it without first -- the acid overpowers. Crusty, burned, a bit soft as if there's fat. No, but in a delicious way. Good texture: not rubbery or dry.Also had the giant beans. Okay, they're not the size of your head or anything, and they didn't quite taste greek. Rather, Mexican perhaps? Also delicious.My main was the ravioli with roasted mushrooms. They smelled so good that someone sitting near us at the bar commented on it. I was told to tell you that the bread was old. It was free bread, but apparently a little stale. Another thing -- why regular bread? Many things on the menu didn't seem very Greek.
Great ambiance and food, but pricey. Not one of my favorite greek spots, especially since I'm coming from Chicago with a lot of authentic mom n poppy homestyle greek restaurants that are half the price. Great for business dinners or special occasions.
Kokkari Estiatorio has been on my Yelp bookmarks list for what seems like ages so I was extremely excited to find out that we were dining there for our department luncheon. For starters we shared numerous plates of the grilled meatballs, calamari, and the cheese pies. The grilled meatballs were definitely a favorite of mine and my coworkers. They are tiny meatballs, grilled, and topped with a spicy tomato sauce and greek yogurt. The calamari and the cheese pies were both pretty good but the meatballs totally stole the show. I would definitely recommend these appetizers.For my entree, I ordered the chicken souvlaki. The chicken souvlaki was grilled and marinated with greek yogurt, peppers and onions and was extremely flavorful! It came with a side of romaine salad and also some pita bread and tzatziki for dipping. I completely devoured the whole plate, it was that delicious! My coworkers ordered various dishes from the moussaka to the halibut. Everyone loved their food!We, of course, saved room for dessert and coffee. I had the sokolatina which is a flourless chocolate cake and it came with a huge side of whipped cream. It was very sweet, especially when paired with the whipped cream, and I found it a little too sweet for my liking but it was nevertheless delicious.Service was great from the moment we walked in to the moment we left. Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and gave us great recommendations. He was even happy to check with the chef about some food ingredients since I'm deathly allergic to pine nuts. The staff are very nice and efficient and make you feel comfortable - just like you're eating at a cozy home in Greece.I will definitely be back! Well deserved 5 stars all around.
Don't be fooled by the size of this restaurant. the food is amazing, every dish is perfect right down to their homemade bread. Service is perfect, every time. This place is always great.
We chose Kokkari for a very special celebration with close friends and our son, who lives in San Francisco, and it did not disappoint. The restaurant was full on a Monday night. Always a good sign. We arrived early for our reservation and waited at the bar with a couple of drinks. We were seated about 15 minutes later, but well before our booked time. The service was impeccable and efficient throughout the meal. We shared several mezethes and each ordered a main course. All of our choices were excellent, except for one main course, the lamb shank, which clearly did not have enough cooking time. The offending dish was promptly whisked away and replaced with another dish. The matter was handled with grace and aplomb. We ordered a couple of desserts, the galactoboureko and an obligatory baklava. Both were outstanding. I finished with a perfect medium sweet Greek coffee, which provided a lot of fun reading the leftover coffee grounds in the cup. The meal was far more reasonable than I expected and I would call it it a bargain based on the food quality, excellent service and its prime San Francisco location. A definite strong recommendation
4.5/5. Great food and ambiance. Having been numerous times to Evvia, I was expecting a carbon copy of the Palo Alto sister restaurant. But while the food was practically identical, the ambiance took me by surprise. This place is cavernous and far more regal than the more rustic and wooden Evvia. We sat in some of the largest and plushest chairs I have seen in a restaurant.As at Evvia, lamb chops and the rib eye are awesome. I'm usually not a big fan of beans, but enjoyed the Gigantes (oven-baked giant beans with tomato sauce, olive oil, and herbed feta).Service was interesting. Maybe it's because we were dressed in shorts and T-shirts and were among the younger patrons in the restaurant, but the waitress was acting too nice. It's as though she was worried that we little college kids were feeling out of place in this posh big boy Financial District establishment.Parking was actually not too bad and we were able to snag a spot right across the street from the restaurant. Overall, we really enjoyed Kokkari. Whether I choose to come here or Evvia in the future will be based on whichever I'm closest to and what type of ambiance I'm looking for.
Maybe i am "TOO ASIAN" and didn't grow up eating Yogurt sauces and Lamb.Maybe my taste bud's are far away from this territory. Maybe albeit college educated- i can't seem to pronounce anything off the items listed. Maybe i am just not that Into you, Kokkari. I think i now understand when people say "sushi" is blah. Sometimes, the foods and the taste buds are not meant to be. After spending $500 for company lunch, i was underwhelmed and felt like the only kid at Disneyland not having any fun. Really wanted to like this place...
Some of the best Greek food we've ever had! Try the squash cakes, lamb meatballs, as well as the feta stuffed Calamari. Entres were incredible. A variety of different fishes and classic Greek entres were available. Only downside was the desserts. Most likely, we just did not know what to order. All in all, service was great, eating at the bar was a treat, with easy walk from Union Square and the Embarcadero.
The best Greek restaurant in the Bay Area. First time dining here after hearing so much about it. The selection is definitely Greek and not a Meditaranean mix. Saganaki just like in Greece. We also had the goat stew which was delicious and the lamb cooked on an open spit which was excellent.  Desert was baklava , also delicious and was so excited that they had our favorite Vin Santo wine from Santorini! Cant wait to go back to try some of the other dishes. Beautiful and comfortable furnishings and a great waiter made the dinner even better.
David from Kokkari called me back and apologized for the delay to respond to my incident. He offered a gift certificate for me so I can use it for my next visit. Although it's 3 weeks late, but I still appreciate the effort from him. Thank you!
Finally got a reservation here for a dinner on a Sunday night with my boyfriend. Dining room is beautiful, wine list extensive. Overall, the experience and food were A-OK but I don't quite understand the rave rave reviews here.Plenty of bread for us, however would have been nice if it were warm. We started with the octopus and zucchini cakes for apps -- both were pretty good. We then shared the lamb chops which were served with 3 potato wedges, and the lamb special (various parts of lamb served with brussell sprouts). Lamb chops were good but not the best I've ever had. Lamb special was just OK -- the lamb was a bit overdone and therefore not too enjoyable. For dessert, we shared the baklava with ice cream, which was good but of course too much baklava = too sweet! Would have been better paired with 2 scoops of ice cream and more hazelnuts. Overall, I would have to say for the price and the difficulty in getting a reservation, the food was just A-OK -- a bit on the expensive side and SF definitely has lots of other places where you can eat just as well for 1/4 of the price. Likely would not try so hard to get a reservation again.
I don't think you could order anything wrong here. Their fried smelt were like Greek Fries and the handmade Pita platter was amazing! Get a $150 bottle of Du Mol and you'll be in heaven! Okay and share the barramundi! Fresh! Fresh! Fresh! Literally the perfect meal.*start with a Moscow Mule! Made well here!
My girlfriend brought me here for my birthday. Restaurant is located in a very nice neighborhood. I had the lamb riblets for appetizer and the lamb chops for dinner. Both were really good. Would highly recommend this place.
OMG! the reviews were spot on! My girlfriend suggested this place as she just moved into town and was searching for the right spots! Wow! First the restaurant is beautifully decorated in a classy Mediterranean style. Service was quality from the maitre d to the servers roaming around. Our server was very knowledgable about the wines (helpful!). We sat near the roasting fireplace. How cool and authentic is that? We had roasted chicken which was amazingly succulent and tasty. I ordered a deboned sea bass which was equally awesome. Appetizers of brussel sprouts and lamb meat balls was perfect. And we topped it off with killer baklava ice cream. more OMG! we asked what it was and essentially vanilla ice cream with baklava pastry smashed and mixed, sort of like Cold Stone but way better.Go! you will not be disappointed!
Finally got a chance to try this and we could not help to order lamp dishes. Decor is very classy. Dont miss the fish dishes also!
Good decor, great staff.The Shrimp appetizer ( Garides sto Furno - wood oven roasted prawns with tomato & feta ) was good. The Split pea dip ( Favosalata ) was ok.Ordered the braised lamb shank, yum.The baklava ice cream was the best!
The absolute WORST customer service I have ever experienced. I made a reservation for 3 people nearly a month ago but received a call from Kokkari today confirming a reservation for only 2 people. I pointed out the error and asked if there was anything that could be done. The caller rudely said no and hinted that any mistake was my own. I then spoke with the manager to discuss the situation and he was equally rude, if not more so. When asked if anything further could be done to accommodate an extra party, the manager said no because they took more reservations that they could even handle.I understand that things happen and mistakes are made, but to be treated without regard is unacceptable. A simple apology or some understanding or effort to accommodate would have gone a long way. But the restaurant's snooty, snide and fast talking manager made no effort at customer service. Someone needs to remind him that customer service is the name of the game in the hospitality industry. Be warned--don't suffer the indignity of dealing with Kokkari's staff.
What a special restaurant! The interior is perfect for a date night or a special occasion. Everything on the menu is perfect, especially the lamb. Be sure to make a reservation months out. This place books up fast!
I was really excited to try Kokkari. I had a reservation for over a month. Pros: The service was great. The waitress was really nice, the busers were quick and we only waited about 2 minutes to be seated. Also, the decor is very charming and nicely done.The dessert was great and so were the lamb meatballs as an appetizer.Cons: The lamb shank was almost impossible to eat. Mostly gristle and fat. A good lamb shank should fall of the bone, this was really tough and difficult to cut. The raviolis were just okay and the fish was okay, nothing was amazing.Overall, I'm a bit disappointed. With all of the fab reviews on Yelp I was expecting something very special. I probably won't be back but it was interesting to try.
I've never had gourmet mediterranean but man am I glad I have now. What really made this meal the best was that it was free. I was here for a business meeting and so I didn't have to pay a dime. Naturally, we went nuts with the ordering. We got 1-2 of every appetizer and for entree I got the lamb chops. They were cooked PERFECTLY. Though I wish I got the catch of the day because they gave you the ENTIRE fish. This place is really good, I will come back here even if I have to pay.
Frank is the reason I would go back to this spot. The food is a bit over-hyped in my opinion, however Frank and his customer service are the true gems of this place! Definitely would go back so long as I'm able to be served by this gracious host!
This place is incredible. From the ambiance to the food, this is the only place I want to have dinner at when I come to the City. They are extremely popular so make a rez well in advance. The crackling pig is divine. Really, you can not go wrong if you come here.
*** Very warm yet fairly upscale Greek restaurant. ***I love Mediterrenean cuisine. They serve it here with an elegant twist. I thought executive dinner or engagementnight when I entered. (haha) I just wanted a chilled dinner.I did receive that too, but my waiter was pushing the upsale. I started w/ the Mapakia - brussel sprouts w/ bacon and lemon.Then Makaronia - ravioli of pumpkin, feta, cranberry bean, nuts.Both were excellent. I had no room for lamb but I hear that thelamb chops are to die for here. I'll have to try them sometime.*** It's probably best to make a reservation and valet park. ***
Had a fabulous meal here last week. So glad I made reservations in advance. Probably wouldn't have been seated without it. Outstanding in every category as far as we were concerned. I had never tried smelt before. Yay for adventure. Yum! Kids loved the octopus appetizer. Lemon chicken rice soup gorgeous. Whole fish (snapper) with lemon sauce was so delicious I could have eaten an entire plate of the accompanying potatoes. Kids loved the lamb rib lets. I snagged one. Can totally see why.Our service team was professional to the point it almost seemed like they held a degree in it. Perfectly timed, friendly and informed.Just a fun fact...I have never seen so many beautiful women in one place before. And I'm from Texas! It was startling and fun. A++++ on atmosphere.
Oh my freaking meat loving deity: Kokkari's lamb is the best damn lamb I've ever had. + The olive oil they use for a bread dip is some of the best damn olive oil I've ever had. + The dessert of the pastry stuffed with cheesecake goodness was one of the best desserts I've ever had. +Their tzatziki is THE BEST tzatziki I've ever had!+ The service was impeccable!+ Lamb meat balls were fantastic.+ Generous pours of wine. = AMAZING anniversary dinner! Way to go Kokkari!!
Ate here during the thanksgiving holiday with a bunch of my cousins.  The place has a very loungy sexy feel, very classy.   We had a party of 8. Making reservations was no big deal (even though I did make them 1 month ago).  The food from start to finish was delicious: rotisserie lamb, the beet salad, the octopus, the drinks, ribeye, the duck. lol.. yea there was a lot of meat that was ordered.  Overall a good time!  I highly recommend it for large groups or small groups.  Good place to start of an evening too.  Places like this make me miss san francisco.
My sweetheart took me here for my birthday dinner. Everything about this place was perfect - the food, service, decor, and ambience. Our appetizers were Arnisia Plevrakia (grilled lamb riblets with lemon & oregano - melt in your mouth delicious) and Kolokithokeftethes (crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing - amazing). For mains, we had branzino and sea bream, both fire-roasted to perfection and expertly boned before being brought to the table. Deserts were Rizogalo (Arborio rice pudding with honey and roasted pear) and Galaktoboureko (Semolina custard in filo with quince spoon sweet & Pistachio ice cream) - both amazing! We will go back again and again.
My husband and I are visiting for the weekend and have heard that this is the place for Greek food.My husband is 1st generation Greek and goes to Greek every summer. We have a fabulous and large Greek population in Chicago and even have a neighborhood in the city devoted to the wonderful Greek culture called Greektown. This restaurant was fabulous the food was amazing, the octopus is to die for, the chicken souvla was excellent, the avgolemono wasn't the best especially for $10.00 but it could be preference I like mine thicker and this one was more thin. And the best part was dessert they have Loukamades which are Greek donuts, always amazing! Everything about this place was fantastic. We couldn't get a table and we waited for a long long time to get a seat at the bar but it was worth it. The bartender had the best customer service I have ever witnessed in a restaurant. I recommend this place for anyone coming or living in San Fran. But take my advice and get a reservation or be prepared to wait a long time. I love this place!
I've been to Kokkari 5 times, for dinner only, and each time I've had outstanding food and service.Saganaki (flaming cheese) - is amazing. The sauce is flavorful and not too oilyLamb on the spit - just the right amount of garlicGoat stew special - I don't like goat or feta cheese and the waiter said it was amazing and if I didn't like it he would bring me out another dish, I took his word for it and thought I had died and gone to heaven when I tasted the dish. Meat was so tender it cut with my fork, the stew was made up of orzo and a tomato sauce (goat on top) with feta cheese and then baked in the oven, simply amazing!Everything else we had was fabulous, worth the time and money!
I am officially ready to upgrade my rating of Kokkari to 5 stars. I'm not sure why I held out so long, but now I am ready to say that this lamb is amazing, the service is excellent, the wine list is impressive, and it has earned its placed among the highest Yelp rated restaurants in San Francisco. You will pay up for the experience, but it is a good one.
have not had any better Greek food in San francisco or the bay area than that , its The whole experience , and I would just order tapas next time and skip the entree, octopus . fried zucchini cakes, tsuzukakia , beets salad, all amazing , looking forward to go again everything on the menu is worth trying . one trip is not enough.
This has been one of the best, most unique meals I've had so far in SF.I hate to say it but I'm shocked when I find a "total package" restaurant in this city; pure quality in the food I'm consuming, comfortable yet engaging atmosphere, extensive wine list, fantastic service and an even better bar tender. Kokkari has it all.It's wonderfully romantic so perfect (and impressive) for a date, and though it's busy it possesses a surprisingly intimate feel. We ordered the zucchini cakes to start, as well as the greek salad, which were both incredible. All of their starters are great, so you can't go wrong. I had the whole fish as an entree, prepared and cooked the way our server recommended, and it was flavorful and fresh.I can't wait to return! Definitely a new favorite to add to the list. I'm also told lunch her is fabulous.
I was slightly underwhelmed, I had some high expectations and while the experience we had was good I felt this was more of a place that you go to be seen than enjoy the culinary experience. The service was some of the best I have ever experienced and the design and ambiance second to none.The appetizers we ordered were the grilled octopus and the spanakopita. While the grilled octopus was cooked perfectly and tasted great I thought for the portion size it wasn't exactly worth the $15+ price tag. The octopus was by far the best food dish we tried this night. The spanakopita was pretty weak, did they buy these things frozen and simply reheat them? Also tried the prawns appetizer which was alright as well but the presentation was poorly executed. The real kicker for me was the average braised lamb shank I ordered. I would guess that this was prepared in advance, since it does take a while to braise a lamb shank but attention needs to be paid attention to the proper way to serve it to the customer, it is more than simply tossing into the oven to heat it back up. I was surprised to find my lamb to be Warm to Luke warm in the center. I should have sent it back to the kitchen to have it brought up to the proper temperature. I choked it down and took a pass on desert as I usually do. Maybe it was an off night, but I can't justify a return stop here with so many options in the area.
Impeccable service! From the moment we checked in with the hostess, to the drink recs from the bartender, to the suggestions from our server--it was a class act! The food was amazing! There's no wrong way to order lamb here--it's all delicious! No misses on the menu for my friends and me. This place is not to be missed!
Went back to Kokkari this past weekend. Delicious.I had the Baked Feta, Gigantes, and Zucchini cakes again. Added some asparagus to the mix. It was awesome, so flavorful and tender with feta cheese and dill on top. I ate a ton of pita too. SO delicious.My husband had the lamb meatballs and lamb riblets, along with the traditional greek lemon soup. He enjoyed them all, but wished he got the lamb chops like he did last time. We split the Summer Berry Pudding. AMAZING. Service was wonderful!
This place is super expensive, reserved for special occasions (for people who normally go to $ or $$ restaurants). The food and service is amazing though. They make their own bread and they keep it on display. They were roasting chicken and pig in the main dining area. Staff here are so attentive. They have a scary 1900's elevator that you need to take if you want to use the restroom but it is interesting though.
A++.My hubby took me to Kokkari for my birthday dinner (continuing our theme of Mediterranean-related birthday dinners) and it was a meal deserving of 5, even 6, yelp stars.We showed up a bit early than our 10pm reso, and were happily seated right away (after walking through the entire restaurant, we sat in the back area close to the open kitchen. Begin mouthwatering). Our server was fantastic - explaining each dish so mouthwateringly that I even wanted to get the steak (side note: I don't eat beef).To start, we ordered the saghanaki (flaming chese) and octapodaki tou yiorgou (grilled octopus). Both incredible - the saghanaki was a bit more lemony than I like, but still amazing. We also got the Melitzanosalata (eggplant spread) which came with yummy pita bread.For mains, I had the lamb skewer and my hubby the branzino cooked psari sto furno (Broudeto style). Both also incredible and massive portions. We probably could have split one of the dishes.We chose a half bottle (I love restaurants that do a half bottle) of the 2010 Melville Pinot Noir, which went great with our meal.Service, ambiance, food, wine - if there could be a "perfect" meal, this would probably be it.
Based on a glowing review by Philly's Christopher R., I made sure to eat at this restaurant during a short stint in SF. The expectations were high but they were adequately met.Kolokithokeftethes - Clocking in at just under 1000 letters, it is pretty much pointless to try and pronounce this yourself. Just tell the server you want the crispy zucchini cakes. The mint-yogurt dressing that comes with this is very impressive.Tzaziki and pita - Very, very good. The pita is simultaneously fluffy and durable and oh so delicious. The tzaziki demonstrates the same level of culinary discipline that youll see in the zucchini cake dressing.The lamb shank was perfect. I really just won't elaborate beyond that.The Galaktoboureko is a really clever, unique dessert. I had never had quince before but now I am actively looking for places that incorporate this fine fruit.This was the best meal I had in San Francisco.
I don't yelp much, but this restaurant is AWESOME! The restaurant is beautiful. It feels elegant and comfortable at the same time. The food lived up to the ambiance (and then some). My friend raved about the sea bass. She said she hadn't had sea bass that delicious since she visited Spain. She only wished that they they were served with the AWESOME potatoes we received with our meal.Speaking of my meal, I had the best lamb chops ever. They were tender, and not overly "gamey." Just beautiful. And so were the zucchini fritters. I still think about this restaurant.  The only thing I was disappointed with was the bread pudding. It wasn't really a bread pudding -- more like a fruit gelatin concoction. One of my friends actually loved it and found it refreshing, but I wanted bread pudding so it didn't do it for me. (or as my family says...had my mouth set for some bread pudding but got a bowl full of fruit and some pastry instead.)Bonus, Our waitress was great. She was extremely knowledgeable. This was the best meal I had the entire time I was in San Francisco.  Go there! Bring your wallet though because it isn't cheap, but it is worth it!
Dined here many times. Fantastic atmosphere and terrific food; this place never disappoints and is one of the best local places to dine. Grilled octopus and grilled fish are fantastic; a wide wine selection with several good Greek wines. This is a great place for any occasion.
Food was average but the service was excellent (Josh).
I don't know of any other restaurant that seamlessly blends great food, stellar service and knock out ambiance. Kokkari wins in all three areas hands down!Our appetizers consisted of grilled artichoke and eggplant skewer served with Greek yogurt and grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel and black olives. Both have balance in every profile: taste, flavor, texture.  The elusive goat stew was the special of the night so even though the lamb chops were calling my name, I had to quell that craving. They take goat from a local farm in Napa Valley, season it with cinnamon, nutmeg and oregano. Serve this atop creamy orzo and sprinkled with feta cheese then finish this off in the oven. Served in a cast iron dish, this is near perfection. Then you take the first bite and then another one, before you realize, it IS perfection.My brother's pan roasted halibut was meaty and filling. Simply served with roated vegetables, olive oil and squeeze of lemon. He's a carnivore by nature and yet, he didn't miss eating steak.Kokkari's baklava with praline ice cream provided a sweet ending to our meal. I've had other desserts here and nothing else is tops except for this one. Get it!I feel thankful to dine at such a special place and feel even more blessed to have a wonderful brother to share it with. Again, all I can say is: OPA!
if you are non-white or have an accent your business is not valuable to the hostess and you won't get any service at the bar. You will be ignored and you will have to go next door to have a drink before you will walk back to Kokkari to be seated at the worst table in the restaurant. You will refuse this table (you are not a fool after all) and be seated at the best table upon request you are allowed to sit there. You will have to ask for butter or olive oil and for bread. The older white couple next table over get all of those things without muttering a word, but continue to look at you and the tension is just too much.The food is cafeteria style, for the masses that have never traveled to Greece. Let them eat it. We asked for the check after 3 appetizers and I would NEVER go there again. As price was no object, but the quality of the food was awful just soaked in olive oil.
Best Greek food ever. Fish is fresh, zucchini cakes are fabulous, and the lamb chops are amazing. Beautiful place, and don't skip dessert.
Kokkari was recommended to a friend of mine by a personal chef she knows, so we dined here with a group of 6 of us. First of all, this restaurant is awesome for special occasions! We were celebrating a birthday and they made our party of 6 feel very welcome. That and the ambiance was festive! The food? Amazing. The service? Perfection. Elise was our server, and she was friendly, attentive, personable, I mean all of us loved her! We even were greeted at the end by one of the managers and we made sure to rave about her.Food-wise, the standouts were the Roasted Beets Salad w/ Greek Yogurt & Pistachio (seriously could go back and just have 2 orders of that on my own!), the Spanakotiropita, and the Kalamata Pita (melts in your mouth!). Everyone else also loved the Lamb Chops and Brussels Sprouts (I don't eat red meat, and the brussels sprouts had bacon so I let everyone else devour those 2 dishes).Another favorite of our party's...the Kokkari Sundae! Seriously worth every decadent calorie! Save room for it. Trust me. It's not like any sundae you've ever had!
I was treated to a birthday lunch today from a dear friend. What can I say, everything was superb and perfect upon entrance and exit. The food was absolutely delish. The dessert, OMG, the baklava and baklava ice cream. I love this establishment. It is thee best Greek restaurant in S.F. Don't bother to try those other places, you will always come back here. I will definitely return sooooooon......
I came here with one of my best friends and we had such a lovely evening. We were 45 minutes early and they still sat us, which was awesome. The decor is very similar to Evvia, but Kokkari is huge!Anyways, we started with the zucchini cakes, spanakotiropita, and the lamb meatballs. All three were delicious but I have to say the zucchini cakes were the best. I'm not even a huge fan of zucchini but these cakes were amazing. Then we had the lamb chops and the lamb skewer. So yummy and cooked to perfection. For dessert, we had the galaktoboureko and a massive sundae (it was her birthday after all). Both were great! We had good wines and the service was great. Can't wait to come back here.
Perfection. Beautiful food, wonderful decor, attentive service. We had grilled octopus, a great corn side dish, and simply the best lamb I've ever eaten. Definitely outstanding.
My second attempt to dine at this restaurant. I had to make reservation 6 days in advance for a party of 1 :-( I saw somewhere that if you are very sweet and nice to the hostess, she can usually get you a seat by the bar with full menu. Anyway, I ordered the Kalamari appetizer and it was delicious. The squid were stuffed with feta cheese so the sauce oozed out as you cut into the squid. Some may not like that but trust me, it is delicious but watch out, lots of splattering :-)For the main entree, I ordered the rotisserie lamb. It wasn't on the menu and they had 3 servings left so I took 1. First time trying rotisserie lamb. I usually go for lamb chops or rack of lamb or lamb shank. This is unique. Waiter said "think of it like campfire" lamb. Never had that either but it was good. The meat was charred on the outside and the inside was still tender. Served with potatoes.Why not 5 stars? The bread was quite pathetic. I would have preferred some pita bread with home mad hummus to start the meal. What they serve is very common - bread with a plate of olive oil.
I've been several times - always get the calamari!
This rating is based on the fact I found a worm/maggot in my dish and the Kokkari reaction was abysmal. I had been looking forward to eating here for weeks and was horrified to find a worm in the braised greens on my fish plate. They whisked the dish away, brought me a menu but then proceeded to charge me for the replacement dish! The only thing they comped was in fact the worm fish dish. We complained and got desserts taken off the bill but overall, just felt that we had to go the extra mile to make Kokkari realize how disgusting it was. This was truly the most horrifying experience I've had (never found a worm on my plate before) and their reaction indicates it either happens all the time or they don't give a crap about the people who eat there.
Went here for dinner with some friends who like to try new restaurants. If you can pay the bucks, it's worth every one of them! Once you've tasted the octopus or eggplant, you'll never think of them the same way again. They take great care to prepare and present each dish in a memorable way. Your tastebuds will not be disappointed. Oh, and don't be in a hurry. They take their time so you can savor every bite.
In love with Kokkari! So happy there's an amazing & delicious Greek restaurant in the city. Best part was that I got to try a bunch of the food on company money! We booked their private dining Hania Room that you take an elevator to go down to.Apps-Octopus: Love this dish! Octopus is amazing and the sauce is wonderful to dip bread in.-Calamari: Some people liked this more than the octopus. It's grilled and stuffed with feta & oranges and gave the Octopus a run for its money-Artichoke: Grilled with a little cheese also. Very solid app.-Lamb Meatball: My least favorite of the apps but this was still pretty good.-Lamb Shank: Fell off the bone and super tender.Entrees-Lamb Chops: SUUUUUPER TENDER!! Can't even begin to describe how yummy this was-Goat Stew: BF ordered this since half the table ordered the lamb chops. Comes with orzo, artichokes, feta, and super easily shredded goat. Super happy he went with something different so I could try :) Dessert-Apple Cinnamon Dessert (daily special): I don't particularly like apples but for some reason, when the waiter was describing it, it piqued my interest. Tastes like an apple pie and served with a side of ice cream, loved this too.-Baklava: Love the ice cream that comes with it. Baklava was a huge hit amongst the group.Everything we had was way above average to amazing. I'm so happy we went to Kokkari for my company holiday dinner since there's no way I would've been able to try as much as I did. Excited to come back again.
Came for a nice meal before heading to Cirque du Soleil. Great ambiance -- delicious mixture of flavor and textures. Everything we got was magnificent.
Came here for the lamb chop that a lot of people recommended and expected to be wowed. Instead, I was underwhelmed by the mutton but swept off my feet by the octopus.Their Grilled Octopus appetizer, was the single best octopus dish I have had in my entire life. I have never had any octopus dish as good as this. Perfectly cripsy on the outside and unbelievably tender inside. The texture is out of the world. I honestly don't know how they manage this. The garnish is light but flavorful. I don't know what else I could say about this except....go try it yourself.Grilled Lamb Chop was decent but I have had many better ones. I like the seasoning but I found the texture a bit on the tough side. Moussaka was very interesting. I love the yogurt bechamel and I found the minced lamb was tasty. The dessert Galaktoboureko was lovely and a great finale to my lunch. The custard is lightly sweet and wrapped in a crisp filo like a spring roll. Amazing lunch. Good service. On the side note - The walk to the bathroom was quite a journey. Never had I traveled this far to get to the room of rest in any restaurants. I even had to take the elevator to the dungeon level.
Visited this restaurant for the second time and somehow it was even better than the first time, which I didn't think could be topped. You can't go wrong with any appetizers, the lamb chops were absolutely delicious and the Greek doughnuts for dessert were fantastic! So glad I tried them instead of the hot fudge sundae which is also good but not as unique. Highly highly recommend this restaurant!
When I was working at a Hedge Fund downtown this place was like Dorsey in American Psycho. Everyone came here and it was the spot to go. Luckily the service is not in vain of the movie. Servers are nice and relaxed. I have been here twice. First time was great. Second time was for a Valentines day Promotion and was pretty bad. The food was not prepared very well and the menu choices were very limited. Overall, though, I will join the bandwagon and say this place is one of the top places in SF as long as you have access to the full menu.
Kokkari is one of the most reliably excellent restaurants in San Francisco. The perfect venue for the important client lunch or the special white-table-cloth dinner with parents in town.Kokkari is the full package-- excellent in all of food, service, and ambiance. It's why I come back for special occasions, work or pleasure, when I want to have an excellent meal and really feel treated.
Pretty good but I don't think is a 5 star place. Food was great but the drinks came out wrong 2 times.
Love this place! Delicious food and great service. Favorite dishes: saghanaki (pan fried Greek cheese - if you've never had it, just try it), lamb riblets (very tender and fall off the bones), the whole grilled fish (very simple, light and fresh - they can debone it for you), and last but not least, the lamb chops :) Can be a bit pricey ($42 for 3 small pieces of lamb chops) but it's damn good. Wine price is very reasonable.
We had a room downstairs for the evening and were treaty so well, the food was so good, and the atmosphere so fine, I would do it again, if I could ever afford it. Of course, we will go back again on another fun occasion, because this place has class, charm, and character. I hardly ever am satisfied with restaurants, but Kokkari did it. Thanks!
I came here with the bf the day after Thanksgiving for lunch. Luckily for us, that meant easy resies and no wait. The ambiance is nice and quiet but that may be because the place was not packed like usual. Our waitress was also very excellent - she was nice and knowledgeable about the dishes. I like waiters/waitresses who can speak from their own personal experiences from having actually tried the food where they work. Zucchini Cakes: The waitress and every other Yelp review were right on this one. The cakes were so good -- like crab cakes but with zucchini. Two cakes on one dish accompanied by mint yogurt dressing and cucumber slices. The mint yogurt dressing and pickled cucumbers gave the dense fried cake a refreshing balance. I think I would have been happy with 3 more plates of this.Lamb Riblets: I am not a fan of ribs -- I know, crazy, right?! But I love lamb. And based on my bf's unbiased opinion, these were the best thing ever. The ribs were very tender and the taste of lamb was present but not too overwhelming.Taramosalata, Favosalata and Tirosalata with Grilled Pita: We ordered three spread though I think you have a choice of however many you want to order. The Tirosalata was my favorite. It is a creamy and rich jalapeno spread of some sort with feta cheese. The Taramosalata is a cod roe spread but I couldn't really taste any hint of fish. It might have been because I ate so much of the Tirosalata. The Favosalata is a fava bean spread that is reminiscent of hummus except the bean taste is a little stronger than hummus.Lamb Burger, medium rare: By the time we got our burger, we were stuffed to the max. It was nice that they cut the burger in two and served each on a different plate because we were only able to eat half. The burger, which is really ground marinated lamb meat wrapped in pita, was extraordinary. They made it more rare than medium rare, which I didn't mind at all. The lamb, like the riblets, was not too overwhelming in the gaminess area so it was perfect. The spices they use with the ground lamb meat was flavorful and perfectly balanced by the tzakiki sauce. This has completely changed my view on how a burger should be.
I went to Kokkari on a date night, and loved every little thing we ordered! I've heard great things from co-workers and other locals about how amazing the food here was, and that nothing really dissapoints. It's true! The restaurant is in a quiet part of FiDi near the water. It's seemingly a small cozy spot, that atcually opens up to an open kitchen, very large backroom and basement with a private room. The architecture is beautiful with exposed beams and large rustic windows. We had one of the best servers I've ever had, so kind and attentive, we never felt like we were forgotten.Now onto the food!We started with cocktails, and ordered the fried zuchinni cakes and favosalata (hummus). The pita was so soft, warm and thick. The favosalata is similar to hummus, but creamier and in my opinion with more flavor. We were also served cucumbers and other veggies. The zuchinni cakes lived up to their hype.For dinner, we both have lamb. He had the lamb chops, crispy and perfectly seasoned. I had the lamb shank with orzo, so deliciously flavorful and the lamb fell off the bone. As if we hadn't had enough to eat, we went for the baklava served with vanilla ice cream. It was the best baklava I've ever had! I loved cloves, and it had a very strong clove and cinnamon taste. This would be a great place to bring clients, have a romantic dinner, be a foodie, or really impress someone.
Kokkari needs no introduction. without a doubt i would be willing to make the claim that this is THE BEST restaurant in San Francisco.
I came in with high expectations but I thought the food was decent but the service was amazing! The lamb chops were amazing so flavorful-a must get if you go there!
I am greek- everything was excellent and the service was equally enjoyable- very lucky to have been brought here by someone who obviously aims to impress:)
Food was great and tasty. Atmosphere was fun. A little loud. Wait staff was professional and courteous.
This place was amazing! Great ambiance and superb food!We had the salmon, whole fish, a watermelon/tomato soup, zucchini cakes, saghanaki, galaktoboureko, and coffee. Seriously it was all great, but make sure you don't leave without trying the galaktoboureko!!! It was like dessert sent down from heaven.I would give this place more stars if I could! A great place for a special occasion as well.
I went with a friend and sat at the bar, full menu there. A lamb rotated on a skewer in an open fireplace on the side of the dining room, and was available as the rotisserie of the day. The server gave us a basket of bread and a plate of olive oil, and get this: when we finished the bread, they just re-filled the bowl with more bread !! Never-ending bread, all we could eat ! Just like the Olive Garden !! This place RULES !!!
Outside of Greece, this is the best Greek food I've ever had. The octopus appetizer is amazing. The moussaka tastes home made and authentic. Definitely recommend the lamb. I would make sure to get reservation as this place gets packed. You can always sit at the bar, but even then it took us an hour to get seats for two. All of the bartenders are interesting personalities you can talk to for hours.
We ordered apricot salad, calamari, lamb ribs and lamb shrank everything is really delicious!! Specially calamari grill ( a bit crispy outside and soft inside :))) . We finished our dinner with huge Sunday which is awosome!!
My boyfriend spoils me. For Christmas, not only did I get a romantic trip to Big Sur but an incredible dinner here.The service is splendid, quick coat check, helpful waiters, I wasn't feeling too good so I didn't drink but the wine list looked amazing. We started off with a platter of spreads that were so delicious and then had the lamb meatballs. Literally, I DREAM of those meatballs. Then we moved on to the lemon chicken and damn did we feast. Come hungry my friends because the food is delicious and endless here. The guy next to us was celebrating his birthday and ordered the ribeye. They brought out two rare steaks and let him choose which cut he preferred! Talk about service! Worth the hype and the price, just know you will NEED to book a reservation from their site exactly a month in advance in order to get in. They take limited walk-ins based on no shows only.
Yes, get the zucchini cakes, and the lamb chops. The Yelp reviews are dead on. If you prefer lighter fare, order the whole fish, grilled. They'll even debone it for you. Delicious!
Agree with most other 5 stars. If you have the opportunity order anything off the spit fire grill.
Huge let down... Been told by numerous people that this place is great only to be completely unsatisfied with my entire experience. I went last Wednesday with my gf. My lamb roast was over cooked and dry and the waiter was constantly trying to shove us out the door when we were simply trying to enjoy our $200+ dinner for two... Had to tell the guys we are halfway through our dessert and bottle of wine what's the rush? Before he finally backed off trying to move us along. I understand he is trying to get more turnover so he gets more tips but he definitely crossed the line of being rude... Food and service below average!
This was a celebration lunch! I loved every bite and the service was 5 star alone. My favorite dish was the grilled octopus... like butta'!
Once again...perfect in every respect. Their lamb dishes are particularly good.The lamb shank, lamb skewers, an riblets are all amazing.Did I mention that their lamb dishes are among the best in the area?
Was lucky enough to score a reservation the night we landed in SF. I grew up in the restaurant business and am normally very attentive to detail. This was hands down one of the most magnificent dining experiences I've had. Everything from the food and ambiance to the service by our waiter, Josh, was impeccable. He took the time to get to know us and give us tips on what to see in the area and gave great recommendations for food, wine, and dessert. Can't wait to visit SF again so I can come back to Kokkari!
Fantastic goat stew and dolmathes! Service is excellent, but make sure you make a reservation.
Great lambchops, eggplant dishes, ambiance in general, and super fresh salads. Great corporate dinner place or with an intimate group as the prices are high but the food is great and it is a nice go to place with people who want to catch up, drink, and enjoy the food.
Kokkari is one of the great Greek restaurant in America. The menu is diverse and can support both omnivorous and herbivores alike. As far as entries go, I'm partial to the braised lamb shank, whole fish (they typically have at least 3 varieties you can't go wrong with), and the goat stew or gouvetsi. The rotisserie of the day is also fantastic. For appetizers, the gigantes, and grilled octopus are my favorites. Make sure you check out the coffee 'machine' too!
I had a wonderful birthday dinner here last week. When the food, service, and ambiance all come together it can only come out to a 5-star review.We got there a little early and the hostess said we could wait around the bar and we'd be seated shortly. The lady ordered me a tasty old-fashioned and we hung around the bar. I noticed people getting seated promptly and the hostess noticed me noticing. She gave me the look of assurance - that they certainly didn't forget about us and that they were working on it. That's all it takes, really. When the staff lets you know that you're sincerely being taking care of, it makes a big difference.As we were being seated, I noticed that the place was huge and they had an army of servers, expediters, chefs, and other staff members. It was run like a well-oiled machine as far as I can tell. After being seated we ordered the grilled octopus and some sauteed prawns in a tomato sauce. Each was excellent but especially the octopus! It was cooked just perfect - tender, and moist with a nice sear on it.The lady got the fresh red snapper which was also cooked to perfection. The fish was falling apart it was so tender. And it was incredibly fresh and juicy.I got the mousaka and that was a great dish too. Lots of different spices and delicate too. The portion was huge and even though I had quite the appetite, I couldn't finish it.For dessert we got the baklava ice cream with baklava (honey) sauce and that was incredible! One of these ice cream joints in SF should be selling this stuff ASAP.Our server was very patient and cleaned up our table and brought out new dishes and utensils after each part of the meal. Just very professional.I can't wait for my next visit here. This is definitely on my top 10 list for higher end restaurants in SF.
Im closer to their sister restaurant Evvia, but they're both fantastic any way you slice it. Fried smelt, Saganaki cheese...Lamb, beef or branzino off the mesquite grill always hits the spot. The crazy thing is they've been doing it for so long and yet have been so consistent after all these years. I have a few token Greek friends and when they miss their homeland, this is where they go. I can't get a better endorsement than that.
The first couple of times I was here, I would have given it 5 stars but the last time warrants a 3 star so on average I am giving it 4 stars.We had the lamb rotisserie which was a mistake (misc lamb parts, enough said?) as the GF had the lamb chops which were much better. I had the lamb shanks previously and they were always good.The zucchini cakes are excellent. Atmosphere is great but if you have 4 people try to avoid the half circle booths unless you want to have to raise your voice to communicate.
Great ambience. I recommend all their lamb dishes--not gamey at all, very tender in texture, and the flavor is wonderful.
I HEART KOKKARI!!! We wanted to go out to dinner at a hip trendy restaurant in San Francisco... I was my parents with my boyfriend. My sister brought her boyfriend and we were seated at a wonderful round table for 6. Our waitress Katy or Katie was a gem, very attentive to our needs and patient with my rowdy Persian family. All the appetizers and main dishes were delicious and beautiful in presentation. It was such a memorable dinner with the ambiance and good food and company. It was easy to valet park our car and they seated us very quickly. At the end my boyfriend and my parent's fought over the bill and it was really entertaining. The manager Lyle and our waitress were very calm and cool during the entire process. In Persian it is traditional to fight over paying the bill. My boyfriend was able to pay the bill in the end by planning in advance and of course my parents made a fuss and insisted he not pay:)
The boy treated me for my birthday! Definitely the best birthday dinner I've ever had!The tomato sauce on the soutzoukakia meatball starter was so flavorful. Both our entrees were delicious. They even threw in a free dessert for my birthday & wrote Happy Birthday in chocolate sauce on the rim of the plate. Unfortunately it was really hot since we were sitting next to the giant oven-contraption used to make their coffee. The food was so good, though, that neither of us cared.Thanks, Kokkari! I definitely want to come back!
I would consider this my favorite restaurant in SF. Everything I've tried here has been fantastic but my faves include the GOAT STEW special and lamb chops. I was skeptical of the goat stew but was convinced by our amazing waiter to try it and I'm so glad I did. Lamb chops are the best I've had so can't go wrong there either. Great food, great service, great ambiance. A bit pricey but well worth it.
It was okay the people and servers seemed pretentious. Food was okay nothing special. We went with the brizola my girl really wanted but I thought it really sucked. Server sat on a friends lap and made comments about her boobies which was okay she didn't seem to mind. Thought it was funny but I was hungover and just wanted to eat rather than watch a burlesque commentary. Would not go out of my way to go here. Ambience is awesome and they have a good wine and liquor selection.
Best restaurant in San Francisco. Hands down. Lamb chops, goat stew and the potatoes - can't go wrong!!
Saw all the raving reviews for this place and decided to try it out on a business trip in San Francisco. Must reserve ahead of time preferably a day earlier on the weekend. We were seated right away for our table. The place is nice, clean and has a vibrant Turkish ambience. Service was prompt and the waiter knew the menu well. We had the Duck dumplings as an appetizer. They were good, nothing special. I had the Lentil soup, which was a little different than what I'm used to as the lentils are black. It tasted good, again nothing special. For an entree I had the Halibut, it was well cooked and spiced, but again nothing special. All in all, I feel a little disappointed with the flavor, especially for the value. A good restaurant but nothing stellar.
Great service, delicious food and beautiful atmosphere. From beginning to end everything was great. Hard to find a table for Friday evening, so went a little earlier for a late lunch/early dinner. Will go back and work through the menu for all the delicious food.The zucchini cakes were great, simple and flavorful. Halibut fresh and grilled to perfection. The artichoke/kalamata olive relish was an incredible ehancement.Be sure to ask your server what wine and best dessert. They won't lead you wrong
My most favorite restaurant in SF! I've never EVER had a bad meal here. It's an extremely reliable place to send anyone looking for a recommendation that isn't going to cost you what Saison or Benu does.
Order the rotisserie of the day, Souvla Tis Emeras. You will not be disappointed. The rotisserie is slowly roasted within the in-house brick oven. This creates a notorious crispy outer shell and succulent, tender morsels within that can be pulled apart with your fork. The grilled fish of the day (Psari Psito) was fresh, light, and had the flavorful charring as the rotisserie.The grilled octopus and lamb meatballs appetizers were excellent - perfectly cooked, juicy, and flavorful. Perfect paired with a glass of wine on days you want to dine light. The wine selection is very decent, and the waiter was very kind about allowing us to try several - one for each of our dishes. For desserts, we had the baklava and Galaktoboureko which is a custard filled phyllo shell. The Galaktoboureko was absolutely delicious. The custard was not too rich, yet still very creamy, and the phyllo shell was crisp to perfection. There was no need for the ice cream, but we used it to cool the Galaktoboureko down since it was too delicious to keep our forks out of even for a minute. Dessert was accompanied by stone ground coffee heated over hot sand, which was a spectacle on its own if you are have a chance to make your way to the kitchen to view the process
Best, best, best service I have had in SF so far hands down since moving here 2 months ago. Amazing food, cozy venue. This will easily be my regular go to for a satisfying meal. Worth every penny.
A+ atmosphere: warm, cozy, inviting, romantic, sexy even.A+ Greek cuisine: grilled whole fish, lamb kebabs, yogurt spreads...A+ service: everytime! Lovely, lovely, lovely.
I decided to take my boyfriend here as a celebration dinner and also because he loves Greek food. It was our first time traveling to the west coast and this place made it special. The food was served moderately fast, but not too fast. I got the lamb shank, which was so tasty. We got the octopus and zucchini cakes as an appetizer that were fantastic as well! Great service and a fun atmosphere with a lamb roasting over a fire in site. The bak lava dessert was delicious.
I grew up in Greece so my standards for this cuisine are rather high.Kokkari meets them for the most part-better than any other Greek restaurant I've tried on the west coast.The prices on the menu are too high in most cases but the environment is classy and appropriate for special occasions.
Good food, but too crowded for me... over-hyped a bit
Our server was a bit weird, but the food was amazing!!!
I am a huge foodie and I've tried many of the best restaurants in the city and I have to say Kokkari is my favorite! If I have a friend visiting or want just an awesome good experience, Kokkari is always my number one choice. The service, the atmosphere, and the food are all outstanding.Get the branzino as main dish, the octopus and zucchini cakes as appetizer and everything on the dessert menu.
I hosted a 30 person VIP dinner last night for my company at Kokkari and the restaurant absolutely rocked it for us in every possible way. The food was amazing, the service fast. I'd like to particularly call out the incredible professionalism, grace and hospitality of Robin Kirby & Doug Dietz for accommodating a group that was 50% bigger than the original reservation.  They converted the room from 20 seats to 30 in less than 10 minutes.I have been going to Kokkari for more than a decade last night and it was once again reaffirmed for me why this is one of my favorite restaurants not just in SF, but in the US. Kokkari: Thank you. You are awesome.
As soon as I walked in I found myself at home. The wooden decor, the ample spaces and the knowledgable waiters and the unusual menu make this place a must. Finally a restaurant that honors the Greek cuisine. The wrapped wine lives are divine and prepared with care. The open kitchen is a plus, I loved the copper posts that reminded me of my childhood. Try the coffee, made Greek (or Turkish) style!
One of the most memorable dining experiences I've had in a long, long time. Great decor, outstanding food and impressive wine list.Will be back again and again!
We found this restaurant to be okay. The hype had me excited, like really excited! We ordered all the "best of/signature" dishes and prepared to be blown away. The fish wasn't deboned properly, but tasted very good. The phyllo cigars and zucchini cakes were bland and lacked flavor. Every dish had feta as its core ingredient and that's all we tasted each course. Even the baklava wasn't traditional, it was more of a cake than a flaky honey layered bite. I don't get it, nothing here is amazing or has any semblance of complex flavors! SF has way more to offer :)
Excellent service, excellent atmosphere, excellent food. I have NEVER been disappointed or had a bad menu item. I have eaten there over a dozen times . One of my two most fave restaurants in the United States. Baklava ice cream is crazy good.
Went here twice while in San Fran recently. The first night I stood behind the bar for over an hour waiting for a spot to open up, the bartender was cool about letting me know where to stand to get a seat.. Eventually had grilled octopus and goat stew. Both were really good, not normal fare for me but I enjoyed it. The place had a really good vibe about it, I liked the ambience and the bartender was really cool. Second night I ate at a table and had lamb chops, also good but not as good as I would have expected. They were a tad bland for my taste. The wine however was really good and my waiter that night also was very good.. Definitely a great find will be glad to come back again.
Kokkari is absolutely delicious. I came 30 minutes after it opened, and the bar was packed. There was a couple waiting ahead of us for a seat at the bar. For the most part, everyone eats quickly and respects the fact that we are all here to eat the delicious food. But then you get some who don't respect the "line" at the bar and kinda push their way to a seat and just grab it when we are all being civil and waiting our turn. There is also the occasional old lady who is lonely and sits there slowly drinking her drinks. So it's a bit of a scene. We probably waited 30 minutes before we got our seat. Well worth the wait.I've never had such amazing zucchini cakes with Greek yogurt. Their yogurt is so creamy and thick! The lamb chops are so much better than the lamb kabobs. We both got medium rare and my kabobs were practically well done. When I complained they just explained the kabobs cook faster because it is smaller. Well, um, duh? Why are they cooking the lamb chops the same amount of time as the kabob?The wine by the glass selection is OK, not great. They did have a few wines by the glass that weren't on the menu yet, so be sure to ask what's not on the menu.
If you're not lactose intolerant this is a great place for you if you like Mediterranean food!
Visiting SF and hubbie made reservations for us based on reviews. I loved our meal: started w/ grilled octopus and chicken liver appetizers. Octopus was delicious--amazing flavors. I wouldn't order the chicken livers again and would order the zucchini cakes instead. I had the special of the day- grilled sea bream. It was ok...nothing terribly special about the way it was prepared. Husband had the lamb souvlaki and complained that it was way too salty. Some of the pieces of meat were overly salted and he could barely finish. So a mixed review from our experience here.
This is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco so far. They serve Mediterranean, healthy, hearty food. My ultimate favorite is the wood-oven roasted whole fish with lemon buerre blanc sauce. The place has an awesome atmosphere but tends to be very busy. Make sure to book a table ahead of time. Almost always we have to wait in line to be seated (even with a reservation) and we don't always get the table in the main room (the one with the fireplace). At least it is worth waiting for.
One of the best restaurants in the city. Everything was just perfect: servers, wine, lamb, feta ... and desserts were insanely great. Totally worth making a reservation and spending a lovely evening trying some greek delights.
Awesome meal I had here!I came with a friend and snagged two seats at the bar at 6:30PM. Mission #1 accomplished.We started off with glasses of wine. I had the chardonnay while he had the merlot. We started with 3 appetizers - 1. Kolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing - $8.75 - These were amazing! The cakes were crispy and heavy yet the dressing pushed back on the rich taste2. Octapodaki tou Yiorgou- grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil - $13.75 - I highly recommend this. I usually don't eat octopus but when I took a bite of this, I wanted more... granted it only came with a couple pieces so I was sad after it was gone3. Horiatiki- classic Greek salad of tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, onion, oregano, olives & feta - $10 - This I could've passed on. I feel like I could've had this salad at any Greek restaurant.Main Courses1. Psari Psito - traditional grilled whole fish with horta & lemon - The fish was so soft and flakey. It was delicious but it wasn't the most amazing!2. Arnisia Paidakia - lamb chops grilled with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes - $38 - I really liked how the lamb chops turned out. They were soft and a bit rare, just the way they should be cooked (as according to Gordon Ramsy on Hell's Kitchen). The flavor of the dish was infused into the meat which made it really succulent and delicious!3. Goat Stew - I don't see this on the menu but our server was able to customize our meal for us. The goat stew was definitely the best of the night. It was sort of like a risotto but full of meat, cheese and flavor. If you have the opportunity to try this, I highly recommend this dish.I don't remember what we had for dessert. I was stuffed up to the nose T_TI think this is definitely a good one-time place but there's WAY too many delicious restaurants in SF to try.
Always wanted to try this place and finallly made it happen for the work lunch. We ordered zcchini cakes, octopus appetizers and I had a sea bass whole fish, we shared the yummy dessert that is not on the menu. Everything was so delicious.
I had lunch at the bar - solid wine list by the glass to choose from. The Kalamari appetizer was fantastic - squid stuffed with warmed cheese drizzled with olive oil and chipped olives. Absolutely a wonderful and flavorful dish. My main course was the Moussaka which was good but not great - it could of used a touch more seasoning. Ambience is stellar with an upscale business crowd albeit I felt comfortable in jeans and the serve was excellent.
Wow, where do I start here? We had reservations for almost a month, and this was supposed to be our best meal in the city. Hopes were very high after we walked through the restaurant. Gorgeous kitchen, great atmosphere and then we were lead to the back of the room where I had a direct view of the wine rack and that was it, so I really can't say much else for the ambiance, 'cause, hey, I'm staring at bottles of wine all night. Hubby said it was great though and I'll just have to take his word onit.Waiter was fantastic, as were all the other staff. They really have some good people there!We had the lamb skewers and fish. That's where we just couldn't give it more stars. We've dined at tons of high end places in cities all over the world. The food we had there was just not anything spectacular, and we both honestly thought that I could have recreated the fish at home. Lamb skewers were good, though delivered to us too rare and it was kinda gross. Prawns were excellent.So, while (from what I hear) the atmosphere was great, and the service was 5 star, the food wasn't anything I couldn't have done at home without a few spices and whatnot (admittedly I'm a pretty good cook though). It was good, but not the culinary treat we were hoping to have.
Probably one of my very favorite restaurants. Anything you order will be incredible, especially for desert. You'll have to make a reservation though, the place is rightfully popular. Oh, and in winter, get a spot in front of their wonderful fireplace.
Really beautiful setting.Service was average.Food was average.Pretty expensive for the quality of the food.You're paying for the atmosphere.
You can believe yelp when it comes to Kokkari.Great food, service, atmosphere. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants!Try their Moussaka!!!
I feel like at the point of 2000+ reviews that my opinion is irrelevant, but nonetheless, this is a Bib Gourmand restaurant and I want to add it to my Yelp list.Me and my boyfriend actually went and dined here the day before Valentine's. We didn't do a main dish. Instead, we ordered a bunch of small plates and shared. We had the Spanakotiropita, Zucchini Cakes, Greek Salad and Grilled Lamb Riblets...and obviously a lot of helpings of the hummus and pita. Everything was excellent. My boyfriend usually orders the larger entree of the lamb but was absolutely satisfied with just the appetizer of lamb as his main. I was in LOVE with the zucchini cakes. So much that I still to this day am trying to replicate this dish.I would never suggest going here for Greek. For how much you're paying, the taste is considerably underwhelming. There are plenty of Greek spots that are just as great for the fraction of what you're getting here, but I guess they gotta keep up rent at that building and you're absolutely guaranteed food that's under health code!Service: 5 out of 5 starsFood: 3 out of 5 starsAmbiance: 4 out of 5 stars (quiet restaurant but the seating isn't intimate)
Great place for my birthday dinner. They have been in business for a while cause they know what they are doing. Great setting, friendly staff and delicious food.
What an amazing and fun experience.
Hands down - my favorite restaurant in SF. I've been coming here for years - the food remains absolutely superb, the staff is so professional, and the ambiance is warm and inviting. Expensive, yes. Excellent value, yes. Great for business dinner or for a romantic evening? Yes and yes.
It's good... but let's be honest... What is the big deal?!?! it's what I expected but not anything exceptional? I am not sure what the big deal about this place is... I went there for a work lunch. We h ad a lot of people so I got to most of the appetizers and I also ordered their famous lamb chops. Lambchops were good... but I am not not sure if they are the best like other reviewers said... Don't get me wrong, they are good... but.... not worth coming here to taste it for.I liked their appetizers. one with the watermelon and cheese was amazing. others were good- but not to overly rave about... but then again, it's probably personal taste. Service was good, but they forgot my drink order till I had to remind them 20 minutes later.
A girlfriend of mine took me to what she thought was the best restaurant in San Francisco and let me just tell you, I was not disappointed. We had the grilled sole, peach and fig salad, baked bean appetizer, and the crusted zucchini appetizer. I was extremely impressed with the quality of food and service... I am looking forward my next visit.
Made reservations here on yelp because of the good reviews and the need to take my girlfriend out for a nice dinner. When I first got here, the lady in the front quickly checked for my reservation and within 2 minutes, we were seated. I've never had Greek/Mediterranean food before so I wasn't too sure what I was getting myself into.The waiter was an older guy and he made a remark about my girlfriend because she was on her iphone, which seemed kind of rude at first but I guess that's just his personality and he was just trying to be friendly. He was a nice guy and all but just different from the usual waiters. The way he serves his customers is informal/unprofessional, with an attitude that one would use when serving guests at his house I guess. I don't know whether to look at it as a good thing or a bad. Anyways, onto the food. We started off with the Kalamata Pita, which is flatbread with Kalamata olives, tomato, caramelized onion & myzithra. It pretty much looks like pizza but it had a different flavor which makes it stand out versus pizza that you would pick up at a pizza joint. It was really good actually, one of the better dishes that we had for the night.The 2nd appetizer that we ordered was the Octapodaki tou Yiorgou, which is grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil.. For $13, I expected a bit more but I guess I should've seen it coming seeing that its delicacy food. If you're looking for big portions, stay away from this plate. It literally tickled my tummy. Wasn't too great in my opinion.For the main dish, I ordered the Anisia Paidakia, which is lamb chops grilled with lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes. This was the plate that everyone was talking about on yelp and honestly, I expected a bit more. Maybe it's cause I'm not used to eating Greek/Mediterranean food but it certainly didn't WOW me. It had a little too much lemon in it, which made the potatoes extremely soury. The lambchops itself were decent but nothing to gloat over. My girlfriend ordered the Kotopoulo Souvlas, which was the lemon-oregano chicken roasted with spring onions & potatoes and she said the same thing: too soury. A bit too much lemony for our taste but others may think otherwise. Overall, I probably wouldn't be back unless friends were to come here for a birthday or something because I'm not too big of a fan of Greek food.***Parking***: Street parking/valet.Cash/Credit accepted here.
Some of the best greek food in San Fran, and you know it by the sights and smells right when you walk in. They have a spit in the middle of the restaurant and it makes your mouth water as soon as you walk in. It can get a little bit expensive, but the service and food is totally worth it; go for the fried cheese and octopus, oh and the lamb is always good.
This is really high-end Greek food. I hope you made a reservation. You can walk in but it will save you a wait to call ahead. The restaurant is perfectly lit, warm and cozy. It's my style with the rustic furniture and fireplaces - let's call it farmer chic. The service is extraordinary. The servers know their food and are kind and attentive. They will take care of you. You can never go wrong with the lamb but I'm going to put it out there, I don't think you could go wrong with much on the menu. The chefs do a fantastic job. The wine list isn't too extensive but it is respectable. I'm looking forward to hosting an event here soon. They have some interesting spaces for small gathering.
Atmosphere is ABSOLUTELY incredible!!! Beautiful!!! The food was very good but didn't live up to the wait staff and ambiance. Don't get me wrong. It was delicious but we expected more from the Yelp reviews. We would go again but not until trying a few other places. It's worth the visit just for the atmosphere, though!
Amazing food. great service, and a perfect place to take a date.What I had:Souvlaki- DELICIOUSGypsy Cocktail: light, refreshing, and DELICIOUSGalaktoboureko Dessert: Good combination of flavors, and DELICIOUSCan't go wrong with this place. It's pricey, but, all in all, worth every dime.
I came here about a month ago with a large party for a family friend's birthday party. I have long seen Kokkari at the top of "Best in SF" on Yelp for a long time, so I was excited to finally get to try it. I loved the rustic feel to the entire restaurant. Since we had a large party, we had the opportunity to sample most of the appetizers including the famed zuccini cakes. The hummus and pita bread (in lieu of bread and butter) was superb and freshly made. For entree, I ordered the petrale sole. We had the table right in front of the kitchen, so we were able to observe how they literally roasted the entire fish and all the waiters standing there deboning the fish, which is pretty awesome. Overall, a great place to go for a nice dinner.
Seated at a table right behind the host stand, I'm thankful I had to use the bathroom before I sat down. This gave me a chance to see the rest of the restaurant which is freaking huge! Biggest restaurant I have seen in the city. My journey to the lav took me through the restaurant and into an elevator to a small basement with some other party rooms which looked pretty cool. The whole place has a feeling of being in a cozy Tuscan mansion with the tall ceilings, fireplaces and smart uses of wood along the walls and ceiling.    Started with the meatballs and the saganaki. Meatballs were fantastic. Perfectly cooked and seasoned with a great sauce on top. My saganaki was the only miss of the afternoon. I love me some saganaki! From the table side lighting of the brandy on top, to the gooey, hot cheese begging to be slopped up with some good bread. This was not the case here. We were handed a perfectly rectangular, cold piece of cheese which was like cutting through a piece of meatloaf. The cheese seemed nice but the lack of cooking it made for an unpleasant dish.    Entrees were the moussaka (sp?), lamb burger and the special of the day, half chicken. Chicken was up there with some of, if not the best I have ever had. (try the clay pot chicken at betelnut) We're talking fall of the bone moist with some of the most flavor you could possibly put into a sometimes bland entree choice. Perfecto. Lamb burger was again, one of the best. Great balance of flavors with no one component overshadowing the other. The accompanying fries were also fantastic. Thin, crispy heaven. My moussaka was probably in last place but still a great dish. A large soup bowl filled with a lamb, cheese and mushroom "casserole". Quite a unique dish with some great flavors I have never experienced before. The sometimes overpowering taste of lamb was somehow very subtle with an almost sweet flavor from I'm guessing cinnamon.    Servers were great. Succinct and to the point. Friendly without being overbearing. Attentive every step of the way. I had been wanting to come here for a while and I wasn't disappointed. Probably a 4.5 for me with the misstep on the saganaki but otherwise a fantastic experience!
Amazing customer service, amazing food. I messed up my reservation and everyone was so helpful and persistent it would work out ( on a Saturday night ). I may have had more fun in the bar area and then seated only 25 minutes later by this excellent staff. I have a group of clients and business owners who frequent here and said i had to go. Amazing. Best fish I've had in this city, amazing deserts, the watermelon salad SO good. Enjoy. Totally not overpriced.
Wanted to take the lady out to a nice dinner and decided on this place due to the reviews/location. If you don't have a reservation (our trip was very impromptu), then be prepared to duke it out for some bar seating. Somehow we got two seats at the bar in about 15 mins, even though it was a Saturday, but people after us did not have such luck. The atmosphere here is very intimate and you'll see tons of couples or close family gatherings. People are dressed in business-formal attire, but that really isn't that shocking (you are in SF...you dress up just to go to Starbucks). You'll see a huge rotisserie burner in the middle of the restaurant and the aroma it gives off is heavenly. This fixture made me order the lamb chops and I was quite pleased with my order (the lamb on skewers looked better though). Also shared a dessert that had perfectly made pistachio ice cream with a custard filled filo. I think this place has some great items and I'd love to try out a few of the items that other Yelpers listed. Maybe next time we will get a reservation and enjoy this place even more.
We didn't have reservations, but they were able to fit us in at the family style table in the back. - great experience. The food was all fantastic! For a person who doesn't like lamb, I'll still call this a favorite place of mine. Octopus was amazing!
Just like all the other reviews- phenomenal!Food tastes better than the appetizing pics would even suggest.
Came here with a friend to celebrate our 22nd birthdays and I think our entire conversation during the meal was about how good the food was. The goat stew made us cry. The custardy filo dessert was like a cloud that melts into happiness as it touches your tongue. I would dine here again in an instant.
Great place to go in the city! The atmosphere is great and wait staff attentive. Food was phenomenal. We got the lamb shank with orzo and the lamb skewer and they were both super tender and full of flavor. The wine list was extensive which was a great addition to the excellent food. My only negative about this place was that the tend to seat the 2-person tables a little too close together. I went there for my bf's birthday but having a romantic dinner for two was disrupted by the two business men next to us talking loudly. Overall experience was great and would definitely go back!
Wow, a place that certainly lives up to its hype! I had the most amazing meal here. The ingredients were fresh and seasonal. Highlights were: - zucchini cakes- sweet corn- delicious and buttery- artichoke and eggplant skewers - loved the yogurt sauce- lentil soup- delicious!- grilled whole bass- perfectly cooked and simply seasoned, debonedWas not a super fan of the desserts, though they were nicely presented (and I was way too full to properly enjoy). No cocktail menu, but they will make you a cocktail you desire (if simple) at the bar.
A Balvenie 17 year, Peated Cask. Light bodied Pinot Noir. Sokolatina dark chocolate flourless cake. Sublime perfection!
Wow, food coma....went here for a Holiday dinner in the private room. Elegant surroundings, top notch service, and excellent food. Valet parking is also inexpensive for the City at $8.For starters, had the grilled lamb meatball and a trio of incredible spreads - melitzanosalata, tzatziki, and taramasalata with pita bread. So good.The lamb chops were great and moussaka memorable. For sides, had braised wild greens and roasted potatoes.Closed the meal with the sokolatina, which is the rich flour less dark chocolate cake, and the galaktobioureko, which is semolina custard. Could barely walk out of the place...so full and satisfied. The place was still hopping at 10:30 when we left.
This place is the BOMBZILLA! It's a little pricey, but I haven't had as good Greek since Chicago. There are a ton of things on the menu to enjoy at a premium, and my faves are:AvgolemonoPsari PsitoMosharisia Brizola
Whole grilled fish, a couple glasses of savingon blanc, a spread or two to start, and a greek coffee for desert. Maybe the best lunch in town.
Oh emm geeeee. This moussaka melts in your mouth. Between the perfectly spiced lamb, decadent bchamel sauce, and golden potatoes... You might just die right there. Beautiful setting, decent wine list, and great service. You want to eat here. I promise.
I first discovered Kokkari when my company chose it for our annual holiday celebration a few years back. I've returned on my own several times since as the food, service and atmosphere are outstanding. This is the perfect place for special occasions.The Zucchini Cakes with Yogurt sauce is killer, as well as the Dolmathes. On my last visit I had the roast chicken and potatoes. IMHO, the mark of a good restaurant is the ability to do the "simple" dishes exceptionally well. My chicken was moist and flavorful and the potatoes perfectly cooked on the inside and crisp on the outside. Scrumptious! My favorites on the dessert menu are the baklava with ice cream and the chocolate cake. Wonderful, and worth the calories.
This is one of the best restaurants in San Francisco. Matt is an amazing server. The food is incredible. The lamb chops are the best lamb chops I have ever had. Ever.
One of my favorite places to get Greek food. The wine was yummy the tselepos moscafilaro was perfection. Service was ok. At 6pm seemed under staffed. Ordered the rotisserie duck. Outside was crispy as advertised however the meat itself was a bit dry. The staff forgot an appetizer but the waiter made up for it with a gratis desert. The ringlets were awesome.
Took my boyfriend here for his birthday and both him and I LOVED it. We got valet parking and once we walked in we were greeted right away. We were taken to a VERY spacious and romantic booth near the other dining room area, where our server quickly greeted us as well. Our server was absolutely amazing for our entire meal.Our entire experience was just so great, from the food to the decor, we enjoyed every second of it. I can't say one thing negative about this place.Might I also mention that I don't really like Greek or Mediterranean food? Yea ... and believe it or not, I CRAVE this place; it definitely made me change my opinion. This place is on the pricey end, but it is worth every penny.I'm drooling just thinking about those lamb chops. Man this place is good!
I could write words but no. Go eat food, then you give 5 star. It's the way.
One of my absolute favorite restaurants in the SF. If someone needs a recommendation and wants something out of the ordinary (plus a few extra dollars to spend) i'd definitely suggest Kokkari. Don't be fooled when you walk in. The restaurant is large and once you walk pass the kitchen you'll realize just how many people are enjoying a great meal too. The place seems to book up quickly on the weekends! Plan ahead and go to open table when you know you want to have dinner here.The whole menu is finger lickin' good. Literally, you may want to after you've tried their Lamb Riblets. I whole heartedly suggest you order several of their starters and maybe share an entree plus a dessert. They're known for their fantastic appetizers and they're all so different! The Zucchini Cakes is another good one. A fresh cucumber and mint yogurt dressing makes it stand out. The zuccs aren't greasy one bit either. You'll probably stare at their large fireplace with rotating whole roasted chickens. It'll be tempting but order the fresh whole fish and you won't regret it.Good for birthdays, sophisticated enough for special occasions, cozy enough for families, and classy enough for drinks at the bar.
Sister restaurant of Evvia in Palo Alto. Reliably good. You can't go wrong here. I got the lamb shank which was incredible. The baklava is okay. Get the other philo and honey dessert though - the name escapes me.
Three of us had a wonderful dinner. Everything from the appetizers to desert was perfectly cooked and seasoned.The staff was friendly and professional. Go early, before 6 and you'll get right in!
I had chicken schwarma. It was delicious and came with a great side of tabouli and a little side salad and tzatziki. Was it almost $20 worth? I don't think so. The manager was fantastic and friendly. They were crowded so I ordered to-go. She even provided some real silverware so I could eat in the park across the street. I ordered from the bar. Although the staff was nice, the bartender didn't let me know I had change. And when I finally asked, he told me that my change had been waiting on the bar. Now, I don't mind tipping... but I don't like being forced into tipping because someone just keeps the change. And when he showed my my change, it was short. I didn't say anything because it was only $0.06, but it made me feel awkward and grumpy. He didn't wait to see if I'd be generous and tip on a takeout order and that's not cool.The cook gets a shout-out for great food. The manager and the hostess get an A-plus for service. I wouldn't go back. That experience just made me uncomfortable.
After seeing all the high Yelp reviews, we came here one weekday evening without a reservation. We were able to sit at the bar without a problem, which was still quite nice.This place is extremely cosy with fireplaces. It has class and a romantic atmosphere as well. It achieves a very nice atmosphere. The food was not a let down either. I'm not a huge meat eater, so I actually wasn't very interested in the entrees. We ordered tapas style and got a variety of small plates and appetizers.The taramasalata was so unbelievably good that I am STILL thinking about and we went over a year ago! It was so good that we ordered a second order of it after our first! Wow! This dish hit it out of the park. The other dishes weren't as memorable. We got the octopus dish and it was a bit chewy. The others were good. Overall, this place is a bit pricey, but sometimes you just wanna splurge and this is a nice treat. I will definitely be back for the taramasalata! I might just need to order a dish of that to go sometime!
Food was very good, not over the top exceptional, but very good. You can't go wrong with lots of garlic, olive oil and lemon. The zucchini cakes WERE delicious!HOWEVER... the SERVICE was IMPECCABLE!!!!The hostess couldn't find my reservation but said they would seat me as soon as they can (they were aware we had to be at the opera in 2 hours)... we were seated IMMEDIATELY! The server was AMAZING as well. All of our food came in perfect time, which was very speedy. I am SO impressed with the service we received. Overall I had a wonderful birthday dinner topped off with a divine flour-less chocolate cake and baklava, absolute YUM!
This is my second time here, and both the food and the service I received here was excellent. The waiter I had was Edward, and he was entertaining. He deserved 5 stars. While he was explaining the menu items, I can tell he clearly knew what he was talking about. You know there are some waiters that just list the food items because they had to. For the appetizers, my family and I had the lamb meatballs (super yummy and I highly recommend that), grilled lamb riblets (that's what they are known for and it was delicious!!), and a crab special (forgot the actual name of it but it was good too). Then for my entree I ordered the goat stew. I had the lamb shank last time I came (so good!!!!), so I wanted to order something different from the menu. I had the goat stew paired with a Spanish red wine and it complimented each other perfectly. It was Edward who recommended the wine selection, and he did a great job. :)) The goat stew was very delicious too. The portions were perfect, but there's always room for dessert. We had the baklava and galaktoboureko (which is a semolina custard--delicious!!). All in all, it was yet another great experience here in Kokkari and my family and I will definitely be back. :))Also, what I love about this restaurant is that it's very family-oriented meaning I see lots of families and kids come here and eat together. It's also a great place to bring a date or a loved one here. The atmosphere is perfect for both of those settings.
Kokkari never misses with their varied menu. My husband and I used a gift certificate to experience the incredible Mediterranean food. The Octopus was superb and better than we've had in Greece. I had the Brim (also called Bream) white fish and it was delicious and grilled to perfection. My husband had the lamb souvlaki and the meat was tender and juicy. All perfect right? Ready to settle in for dessert (Galactoborrico--a flakey, custardy dessert) and a cappuccino. It was late so I asked for DECAF. Apparently, even though I stressed this, it was not decaf.  This became apparent at 4 a.m. when I was still trying to get some shut eye. All this before an important day at work that made me feel as though I had just gotten off a transatlantic overnight flight. I'd like the impress the importance of wait staff giving the customer what he/she asks for as a hit of caffeine at a late hour pretty much ruined my day!  It's important!
3.5 stars.Aside from the little miscommunication regarding reservations, the service at Kokkari is just wonderful - everything you would imagine at a classy restaurant (including a coat check)! Love the atmosphere of the place because it allows for a great date night, or a business lunch/dinner. As for the food, it was decent, though Greek/Mediterranean food isn't really my thing. I would say that for my overall dining experience, everything was just a bit too citrusy and sour to my liking, but I know that it's a flavor that's very common in this cuisine. But I feel like the sourness just took away from a lot of the natural flavors from the dishes. In addition, there aren't a lot of veggie options/ non-lamb options. I would like to see more variety, or add the daily specials to the regular menu, but just offer them at a lower price during that specific day.1. Kalamata PitaThis pizza like appetizer was packed with flavors, especially from the grilled onions (although not a fan of onions at all). Pita bread had a nice crunch to it that imitated a pizza crust. Would recommend this dish.2. Fried SmeltsProbably my favorite part of the meal! This tiny little guys are just fantastic! They are fried to perfection and not fishy at all (as some may think). Be adventurous and try these yummy goodness!!3. Grilled Lamb RibletsDidn't taste this since I don't eat lamb, but people raved about it at my table.4. Chicken SouvlakiThe chicken itself was pretty flavorful, but the meat was fairly inconsistent as some pieces are semi-dry, while some are moist. The potatoes that were served with the dish (actually requested them as a substitute) were especially sour! Did not enjoy eating them at all, not even with ketchup. 5. Kokkari SundaeYour average sundae... nothing special about this at all, but the toasted hazelnuts rocked my world! They were so amazing.. I wish I could just order a bowl of toasted hazelnuts. 6. Flourless Chocolate CakeDid not try this, but my table said that it's really rich, and those who are chocolate lovers will thoroughly enjoy this dessert.7. Rice PuddingDid not try. Neutral comments from the table.
Great lamb chops, of course!
Warm environment (except for the super-entitled hostesses). Would highly recommend: lamb shank (more flavorful than the traditional, lamb chop dish); whole fish (simply prepared, impeccably executed); custard dessert (the creme fraiche ice cream is to die for).Highly recommend a later res so that you're (hopefully) the last seating of the night - then, you can take your time enjoying your meal without feeling like you're camping on your server's table.
I've been to several Greek restaurants in Northern California with my Greek friends. Kokkari is definitely one of the best and in the heart of San Francisco! The food was well seasoned (loved the mint in the goat meatballs) and served at the right temperature. Well plated! Jeff, our server, was just the best. Well informed, friendly, attentive. We're definitely coming back as often as we can! Reservations recommended. Parties greater than 6 are hard to accommodate for reservations.
Update!I Seriously love this place. Its so good. Octopus appetizer was amazing. The cheese is to die for. Yummy and rich. Tried the steak and it was perfect! Perfectly cooked to the way I like it (juicy medium rare) and the flavor is beyond amazing. Its not just salt and pepper, it has this amazing sauce to it that did not cover the meat flavor at all just complimented it.Service is impeccable. They are very friendly and very thorough with the menu. The manager is a really nice and funny. Cant wait to go back again! :)
Epic.If they didn't close, I wouldn't leave. I've been here a few times and each time it has been amazing. The bar area is warm and inviting, housing a huge fireplace with some kind of meat rotisserie. The seats are comfortable, the wine list is thorough, and the bread is fresh.The small share plates are perfect for sampling a variety of deliciousness. I'm a sucker for good spanakotiropita, and theirs does not disappoint. The meatballs are mind-blowing. I've had the lamb entre each visit to avoid order envy, but next time I will have to try something new. The baklava is simply ridiculous.
Amazing, we loved the grilled octopus, zucchini cakes and lamb chops. We were told to come here from a coworker and it sure lived up to high expectations. Our waiter took awhile to bring the tab but there's such a great vibe here it was nice to relax for a bit. Would come back next time we are in town for sure, make your reservations well in advance because it fills up for good reason.
Food- Everything from the appetizers to the desserts are delicious. The only thing that I didn't enjoy was my ribeye. I mean it was good and cooked perfectly (rare+), but it wasn't as tender or fatty as other places in the city. I just want my ribeyes to be filled with FAT. Aside from that, I highly recommend the baklava ice cream. Come on, it's BAKLAVA ICE CREAM!!!Service- Our waiter was nice and polite, but he seemed a little rushed which was annoying towards the end of the night.Ambiance - If you're going to make a reservation, try to get a spot in the first room with the fireplace b/c it feels more intimate than the larger back room that's twice as big.
Always good and welcomingWe have been at Kokkari for many many times and it has always been consistent and great.The wine list is amazing, the service makes you feel special every timeLast night after a problem for our wedding birthday diner at Keiko in Nob Hill that is supposed to be the expensive spot we decided to use Kokkari as the place to heal and have a fantastic evening and diner.Very well managed and great food !Alex
Kokkari is THE place to go if:- he just broke up with you- you broke up with him, but you just made up- you're about to pop the question- your parents are in town- your parents just left town- you just got a promotion- you just got fired- you're retiring- you're getting married and you want to celebrate- you're getting divorced and you want to celebrate- you need cheering up- it's a day of the week ending in "y"- you want to impress someone- you're feeling Greek- you need an excuse to wear those sexy new shoes you just bought- you don't feel like cooking- you want to feel special- you want to make someone else feel special by treating her or him to a memorable evening- you're on expense account- you're in the mood for a delicious cocktail (so you ordered a martini, drank half of it, got a bit tipsy and somehow thought it would be a good idea to go visit a nearby table of Russian Orthodox priests. Don't ask.)- you want a romantic night out with your honey- you want a fun night out with friendsThe truth is that there is no reason NOT to go to Kokkari unless, that is, you're the kind of person who doesn't like a fabulous meal with amazing service in a gorgeous setting.
I have been there twice I think it's the best Greek restaurant in Bay Area food is definitely 5 star service is 5 star as well I ll recommend this place to my friends
Food is outstanding. The atmosphere cozy yet elegant. The staff attentive but without being pushy or hovering. My favorite spot inside is in front of the kitchen seated along the huge family style table. The last time we were there was for my mother in law's 80th birthday. She was so excited because the menu has a lot of authentic Greek dishes she grew up with that not many other Greek restaurants have. It was something that brought out stories of the old country of how her mother made this or how this relative made that. Truly was a memorable night. Definitely a place to try if you'd like to experience true Greek delicacies.
Holy Total Packageness.Atmosphere: Gorgeous rustic romantic, ranges from spacious open rooms to tiny tucked away corners, to the homey private dining room downstairs. There is no bad view of the restaurant. Service: Engaging, like you are dining with their family. And spot on.Food:Fresh, clean, very good, I'd give it a 4. The two of us shared these and we were teetering between very full and illness, though I could have eaten more had I worn elastic.- Bread - Average- Zucchini cakes - light, fluffy, and textured like a crab cake. SO good- Grilled octopus - clean, acidic, a tad overcooked but good- Fried squash blossoms - light, not too oily, but didn't taste the blossoms much- Baked whole branzino - perfectly cooked, not so perfectly de-boned- Ravioli - Damn good, the best and freshest I've had since Chez Panisse- Galaktoboureko - Filo wrapped custard. SO good. The best thing we had.- Yogurt - So refreshing, the best Greek yogurt I've had, perfect complement to something super sweet or heavyDamage: ~$65/personVerdict: Totally hot date/gathering/pigging out/awesome-fest.
Kokkari offers amazing food and provides exceptional service!Zucchini Cakes were so good. Really crispy on the outside and tender on the instead. The mint yogurt dressing paired very well with the zucchini cakes.Fried Smelts weren't smelly! It was very crispy, almost like fried calamari. I didn't taste the fishiness of it at all. I've tried fried smelt at many places but Kokkari makes them the best!Lamb Riblets were cooked to perfection. I've never had lamb tasted any better than at Kokkari's. The lamb was so tender and juicy. The taste of lamb wasn't overwhelming like other places I've tried. I don't typically like lamb but it was so highly recommended by the waiter and so we ordered it. Kotopoula Souvlas which is rotisserie roasted half chicken marinated with lemon and served with oregano potatoes came out totally amazing. I know, what's so special about rotisserie chicken? Well you can't ask me that until you've tried Kokkari's! It's a simple dish but it was cooked and seasoned to perfection. Galaktoboureko which is semolina custard in filo with Black Mission figs & creme fraiche ice cream. If you can't tell, I stole this straight from their website description. This was so good, I can't even explain it. Just try it!If you haven't tried Kokkari's, I would highly recommend it!
On a foggy Monday night, I stepped into this Mediterranean oasis that was truly jaw dropping. Until coming to this Kokkari, I have never been inspired to visit a country due to a restaurant. But boy, this restaurant is like stepping into a home off the coast of Greece. When you first walk in the restaurant is dark and romantic, probably best if you are on a date. In the back of the room lies the roasting pit, which simply makes your mouth salivate over which meat you want devour. If you don't sit in this room they take you to a much larger dining area further back in the restaurant which is very well lit, probably better for groups and families, and also contains the open kitchen where you can see the chefs work their magic. The ambiance is absolutely amazing because after you dine here, you might be on your smart phone booking the next flight to Greece as you walk out the door. My brother and I sat in the larger dining area where our Greek food bonanza began. To start the meal as always was a small loaf of bread, I'd like to say either Acme or French, which was very pleasant. The crust was nice and crunchy and the inside was soft and delicious. To accompany the bread was some sea salt and olive oil. The olive oil was good, but was most surprising to me was the sea salt. It was not your standard table salt that is super salty and intolerable if you have too much. If this makes any sense it was not that salty actually and I could actually eat it by itself, obviously not in huge amounts only small dabs. My brother and I then split the grilled octopus for our appetizer. I've had amazing octopus, Babbo's in New York, but this one simply outclassed all the rest. It was cooked absolutely perfectly not being chewy at all like you would expect and the outside was almost a little crispy I'd like to say. And combined with the olive oil and lemon juice, I must say it is simply divine. For our entree's I had the famous lamb chops and my brother the whole grilled fish of the day, sea bass. I was so excited to try these lamb chops because I have heard they were the best in the bay area. They were certainly good, but I was a little disappointed because I thought they would be better. I felt that they were slightly under seasoned, but the cook on the chops were second to none. Also they had a nice smoky and charcoal bite to them which I thoroughly enjoyed. The potatoes were nice and crispy and was delicious with the lemon-oregano vinaigrette that the lamb was cooked in. The lamb chops again I thought were good, but did not give me that wow factor. I do believe that my mom's lamb chops, in my book, could give Kokkari a run for it's money. I can't say too much about the fish because I only had a small taste, but from that one taste I can say that if you are not a big fan of lamb this is the dish you must get. They will even de-bone the whole thing for you. Service was a let down for me. Although they were there for all our needs whether it be bread, drinks, or anything else our main server seemed very uninterested. She walked off as soon as possible, and didn't really interact with us . I know she may have been busy, but even the most busy restaurants a good server will always be friendly and try to make their customers happy, because that always brings a bigger tip!Ambiance: 6/5 take me to Greece please!Food: 4/5 Octopus yes, I'll try the lamb shank next time Service: 3.5/5 Maybe our server had a bad day?
Been going there for years, but just now reviewing (sorry!)First 2014 visit this past weekend had us asking ourselves "what took you so long?" Amazing food (fried cheese, filo, bacon asparagus and shrinp appetizers; grilled whole snapper entree) and impeccable service as always.Small wonder that K is thriving after 15 years.
Went here for a celebratory lunch with coworkers. I love Mediterranean food so I was stoked. Those magical words were uttered, "order anything on the menu" when we sat down:))))Lucky me, we began with ordering most of the starters on the menu to share. My favorite was the Watermelon Feta salad with pine nuts and Greek basil, drizzled with honey. So simple yet so divine. Second favorite, zucchini cakes with cucumber-mint yogurt dressing. For my entree, I had the whole fish special. Melt in your mouth buttery goodness. Next time, I'm getting the lamb burger. Looked amazing.The waiter is what really made the experience wonderful and why I'll be back. He took very good care of us and keep us laughing throughout our meal.
One of the most disappointing dining experience ever. I'm a big fan of lamb chop and this place does not deliver. The meat is simply over cooked, tough and not juicy at all.Most importantly, it's not worth the price! I had better ones at many other places. Roasted sea bass was done right, fresh and moist.If you are expecting decent lamb chop, go somewhere else.
great service, great food, warm inviting atmosphere...what more do you want?
Amazing food. Fantastic waitstaff. From small plates through entree to dessert everything is perfect. Flavorful, good portions. Delicious. Try a few small plates. The greek meatballs are tasty in a lively tomato sauce with dollop of yogurt. The moussaka is holidays in a bowl. Great ambiance. Fantastic experience. Savor it. Take your time.
The service is always impeccable. This time I had the lamb roasting in the fire pit and it was good but not as lamby as I liked but it was tender and flavorful. The highlight of the dinner were the potatoes that came with my lamb dish. It had crispy bits on the outside and doughy on the inside. I can see how a doughy potatoes might not sound appetizing but one bite and you will be a convert.
One lunch at Kokkari was all it took for it to easily become one of my favorite restaurants in the city. We arrived at 11:30AM on a Wednesday for lunch and by the time we left at 1PM it was packed...now I understand why!We started with the Melitzanosalata and pita. It was very fresh but the pickled vegetables and fresh cucumber that also came on the plate were even better. The gigantes beans we ordered came out bubbling in their own little cast iron pan. This was my favorite thing we ate and the buttery beans were made even better slathered over pita. The tomato base for the beans was PHENOMENAL. For my entree I had the artichoke and eggplant souvlaki. Again, it was served with unexpected sides like Persian cucumbers (I think...), roasted tomatoes and pita. I would never get sick of vegetables if they were prepared as simply and were as fresh as Kokkari serves.At this point in our meal I thought, "If I would ever order baklava, this would be the place to do it," since every other part of our meal had been excellent thus far and I also managed to talk my mom into ordering the Greek yogurt with spiced walnuts and dates. Having yogurt as a dessert may seem like a contradiction to some, but when you top it with candied and spiced nuts and drizzle it with thick, sugary honey, it's like heaven on a plate. The baklava was fantastic as I suspected and it was the perfect way to top off an indulgent lunch.Walking out of the restaurant, I noticed they were spit roasting a whole lamb. If you just set me up in front of that fire with a knife, fork and a glass of red wine, I'd be good for life. Hell, you can even forget the knife and fork and just bring a bottle of the wine and you would be guaranteed a great time in a restaurant as good as Kokkari.
AMAZING food! Lamb stuffed dolmas, zucchini cakes, and roasted sole were all the best we have ever had. Great service and lovely atmosphere. Pricey but worth double!
Delicious food and fantastic service! My friend and I got seated very quickly for our reservation, valet was reasonable, friendly, and quick, and our server was patient, helpful, and funny. The food itself was phenomenal as well. We got a few starters, the special rotisserie of the day to share (the waiter sold us with the garlic feta butter), and some strawberry dessert... and each dish was AMAZINg. Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in SF, maybe even ever! Be sure to try some greek wine while you're there too :)
One of the best restaurants I've been to in quite some time. Delicious food, great service and beautiful restaurant.Will definitely go back next time I'm in San Francisco.
Excellent. Such a great restaurant. The setting and atmosphere is delicious! Cozy, warm, sort of like an elegant farmhouse. High back cozy chairs, an enormous fireplace, lots of old wood, intimate tables - in nooks, and tucked in here and there. There are 2 very large rooms, perfect for a small or large party. Downstairs there's a private and cozy room perfect for 10. The service is absolutely stellar. Attentive but not intrusive. Everyone takes a lot of care. Our server was very knowledgeable and adept. Everything was full if flavors, and the flavors layered. We ordered about 9-10 things and every single thing was amazing.
So eager to visit this place but was disappointed with the food. Definitely prefer Dish Dash in Sunnyvale over this. Maybe its not for my palette. Good ambiance & service but I cant remember a single dish that was worth mentioning, other than the awesome wine.
Delicious food (esp Lamb Souvlaki), excellent service and nice ambiance.Bathrooms need to be more accessible (you have to take an elevator down)
One of my favorite restaurants in SF! Delicious food, excellent service and great ambiance. I also love sister restaurant Evvia in Palo Alto.
Food is amazing, but not the place for a quick bite. Party of 3 - our food came one hour after ordering.
By far the best Mediterranean food I've had in Bay Area. The place is great for serious date nights and special occasions. The ambience was very classy and even though it was quite crowded, we didn't feel uncomfortable so the setup was good. Our host was very helpful and he made sure we enjoyed everything we ordered. We ordered bamies (okra), lamb riblets as appetizers. Both of them were perfect choices for paleo diet. And then as main dish we got lamb chops and their special for the day, goat stew. Lamb chops were great but the goat stew was *phenomenal*. As dessert we got figs with mint syrup which was light and complimentary to a great dinner. As wine we ordered a bottle of Famiglia Mosso, Malbec which was pretty decent IMO.
Without a doubt one of the best restaurants in the city.
Visiting SF for business and went to Kokkari on recommendation from a colleague. Thanks, Laurie...because my wife and I enjoyed one of the best restaurant meals we've had in years!First, a shout out to our waiter, Frank, who recommended our selections and was attentive and friendly. You nailed it, Frank!Started with the octopus and the pork belly - on special - apps. Octopus beautifully prepared...not chewy or fleshy. But the pork belly was spectacular. Melted in our mouths and with the light mustard sauce, it was divine. For the entree, I had the famous lamb chops, perfectly done and paired with simple but delicious roasted potatoes. My wife was daring and ordered the special goat stew...OMG! It was sweet and savory, with tender meat served over orzo. It was hard to decide who had the better meal.Without a doubt you should eat here *if you can get a reservation*. We had to eat really early just to get a table so if you'll be in SF, plan ahead!
I probably should have gone with the Moussaka. They had a special with pasta and beef that sounded like a Moussaka, and yet the person that ordered it got a deliciously baked dish, while we got the equivalent of lasagna. It was very salty, and my friend compared it to hamburger helper. The appetizers were fabulous but if I have any advice, it's stick to the dishes and stay away from the specials!
4.5 - almost a perfect 5!Everything was tasty (yet I must say they do go a little overboard on the olive oil but thats my personal opinion and why the 1/2 star dock). Octopus was amazing, the fish spread was so delicious with the warm pita bread, and the butternut squash paired with tahini is something I've never thought of but it worked! The service was on top of their shit - no empty plate left on the table for more then a minute, server was attentive but never overbearing. Prices are so reasonable for such a high end restaurant yet not pretentious or snobby at all.Overall wonderful experience, lovely decor and atmosphere with great service.
Amazing atmosphere, great for romantic dinners and also for small groups. This is Greek/Mediterranean restaurant but very different food from what we come to expect from a Greek place. Definitely keep some place for the desserts as they are killer.
THE BEST GREEK PLACE IN CALIFORNIA!! We go there every chance we get. Make a reservation in advance! We love the lamb shank and the octopus. The beets are great as well. They only have the beets during winter.
Kokkari is magnificent! Valet Parking for $8?! It was love at first site...Since we made reservations a couple weeks in advance, as soon as we walked through the only part of Kokkari I saw--(the rustic, copper door in the front with Kokkari engraved on the side)-- we were seated. Our waitress was adorable, and perfect in every way! We were not rushed at all-- nor neglected either. She guided us through the menu with ease and made suggestions that went wonderfully with our requests. Started out with a half bottle of Patz & Hall, Hyde Vineyard Chardonnay, Carneros '08(Peachy, Smooth & Bubbly, one of my favorites...when I'm feeling sparkly)Appetizers:Kolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing (Thank you Yelpers-- for suggesting such a delightful first bite!)Octapodaki tou Yiorgou- grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil(FYI-- Their Octopus is from the Phillipines-- according to my Seafood Watch app from Monterey Bay Aquarium, this is a no-no, best Octopus is from the Pacific & Hawaii right now, but I had a bite anyway! It feels so good to be bad! It was smothered in spices and seared to perfection, it was well worth the bite.)Main Course:We both went for Psari Psito - traditional grilled whole fish with braised greens & lemon or wood oven-roasted with avgolemono sauce & Yukon Gold potatoesHis-- Petrale Sole, from the Pacific, roasted with red tomatoes-- Mine- the Halibut, roasted the same way sans the fish head looking at me. ( I had this once in the Bahamas and lost my appetite entirely, once the fish and I made eye contact.) This plate was saturated with olive oils and bursting with flavors! Luckily, I liked my fish better than his, and him vice versa, so we were both happy.As our dinner was coming to an end, what do you know-- a four top of Sammy Hagar, his friend, and their girls strolls in sitting at the table right beside us! I am a fan of musicians-- and especially ones that have still got it, after all these years!We had to buy some time-- neither one of us, wanted to leave each other or Sammy Hagar, so there was no choice, but to order dessert:It was one of their dessert specials-- Key Lime Custard with a dollop of fresh made whip cream on top. YUM! So decadent, not too heavy, and just right!I did the worst thing in the world, and asked him for a picture while he was eating. Thankfully, he was super nice about it, and agreed. Unfortunately I look like a big Greek woman-- who has been feasting at fancy places like this, way too often, so, I'm not sharing. I really love this place. At over 1900 reviews-- I don't think I need to go any further than this...Just go here! Take your date, take your boss, take someone, it's flippin' fabulous!!
The Kokkari Rib-Eye Steak is one of the top 3 steaks in S.F. hands down! I'll be back and will probably just order that again, alongside a Hanger-One Martini, shaken hard & slightly dirty!
Came here for our 1 year wedding anniversary and I enjoyed the roasted chicken while my husband adored the lamb chops. For appetizers we had the zucchini cake and baked feta cheese which were mmm so good. Topped it off with the semolina custard with black mission figs and pistachio ice cream for dessert. I left perfectly full, oh so satisfied and I can't wait to go again!
First and foremost, thank you, Yelpers, for leading us to one of the best meals we have EVER had!Brief nutshell: with family weekend wedding in Sonoma, followed by four days in LA, we were flying into SFO separately on a Friday, arriving within 15 minutes of each other with an afternoon/evening free before picking up our daughter around 11. ONE night to dine in San Francisco. What to do? Where to go? So we checked Yelp for overall SF restaurant ratings and hit on Kokkari Estiatorio and since we both LOVE Greek food (and frankly have few great places here in DC), we bookmarked it and were able to get a table for two several weeks in advance.Despite it being a hot spot and hard table to get, especially on a Friday evening, we were welcomed warmly by hostess and manager (and amazing smells!!!) and seated promptly (despite being about 15 minutes early). Before I get to food and drink, I HAVE to rave about our waiter, Chris. What a gem! He was helpful, knowledgeable, friendly ... just delightful. I probably embarrassed him by giving him a hug when we were leaving :)Anyway, from beginning to end, outstanding food AND wine ... I ordered a glass of Pence Ranch Pinot Noir which was, no joke, probably the best red by the glass I've ever had in a restaurant (and hubby agreed ... he liked his house Greek red a lot, but got a glass of the Pence for his second glass ... and while I usually like to try different blends, I had to have a second glass of it myself!)For shared appetizers, we had the saghanaki, the sikotakia tigonita (crispy fried chicken livers marinated with yogurt and feta) and a house special that night, mussels in some sort of amazingness which I can't recall offhand. All three were outstanding ... I've never met a saganaki I didn't love but this was especially good, the perfect blend of cheesy ooze and lemony lightness ... the chicken livers were delicious ... but the mussels ... oh, my. I have no idea where they get their seafood but we have NEVER seen mussels this size (mussels on steroids!). They were tender and juicy and just delectable. We would have happily gotten another plate of them had we only known!We also shared a main course, the lamb chops, which must have come from the same Land of Huge as the mussels ... literally have never seen lambchops that huge, yet they were still tasty and delicious and cooked to perfection.While we rarely have dessert when we do Mediterranean or Greek (usually because we are just too full), we couldn't resist the Galaktoboureko, filo filled with custard, which was basically Greek dessert spring rolls. No exaggeration, every single thing we ordered, from wine to dessert, was flawless. We've had great meals at a lot of great places, and the older we get the more we try to hit every spot on our bucket list ... but this meal absolutely ranked in our all-time top 5 ... Thank you to Kokkari Estiatorio, to the chef, to the wonderful Chris, and to the Yelpers whose raves and ratings landed it first on our search list!
This restaurant, is the best restaurant i have been to all year.This restaurant is perfect for either business, or a nice date or a group of friends.The setting is really beautiful; they have a gorgeous interior and the waiters are good.We tried the Squash flower appetizer (special of the day i guess), the Zucchini Cakes, the Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirokafteri- with housemade grilled pita and it was all really good.Because i'm vegetarian, i had the Ravioli which was pretty much the only choice. I wish there were more vege choices for entrees.. otherwise next time i will just do more appetizers and try desserts.The wine selection was also great, and they kept it cold for us.Negative: the crazy wait list.. I tried to get in several weekends and could not.. and finally planned for three weeks out.. but the only times they had on three consecutive days was 9 pm dinner.. i still went because i was tired of not going and my dad was in town but i think you have to plan like months in advance.
Although the space is large, Kokkari Estiatorio's space has a warm, comfy feeling and it is always packed (so be sure to make a reservation!) Love the roaring fire / ovens!The food is hearty and delicious (we had Octopus and white bean appetizers) and the lamb shank main course. They had a lovely and reasonably priced wine selection.
This place is still near the top of my list, even if it's hard to find plant-based (and lower fat) options on the menu.Service and atmosphere are as good as the incredible food. Service by Matt is a "10."
I really love this style food, and with these reviews I was sure to love this place. We couldn't get a reservation but wanted to risk it. We ended up at the bar. The service and bartenders were excellent (that adds a star). The food is where the issues were, we got several apps, the lamb chops, and the chicken. The only thing which was good was the lamb meatballs. The chicken was dry and bland, while 2 of the 3 lamb chops were way too fatty. The potatoes were also excellent. I expected so much more!
I've dined here twice, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu, everything is seasoned and cooked nicely. In addition, service is excellent. First time, we had reservations for 12 people. As you know with large parties, people are flaky and others show up late. Waiter told us that he was here to serve us and just went with the flow. Next time, I went with my husband as a Plan B when our original dinner plans fell through. Of course, we had no reservations. The hostess was very gracious and put us on a waiting list and would let us know in about 15 minutes if there were any no shows on reservations. 15 minutes later, we were seated. (if you want to dine here, make reservations in advance) My husband is an extremely picky eater so we didn't order wine and only ordered a few small plates and dessert. Typically, waiters are pretty bummed when they know the bill is low. Not ours, when leaving, our waiter said he hoped to see us again in a real genuine tone. And, on the way out, the hostess chatted with us and said she was glad we got in. 6 stars on service. Typically busy restaurants can be snobby, not here.As for the food, I've tried a lot of small plates. My favorites were the fried zucchini cakes, grilled octopus, lamb riblets, lamb meatballs, lamb tongue (sounds horrible, but it's amazing), and baked cheese. As for dessert, the semolina, flourless chocolate cake and sundae are amazing. Seriously one of the best sundaes I've ever had. Will definitely be back to try other items.
yes, yes, it was licky lips good!{ OVERALL :: 5 stars }^ would i come back : hell YESbeen here twice. once for dinner and once for lunch. lunch experience wasn't as good (service lacked a bit (see service section for more details)^ would i recommend this place : YES{ FOOD :: x stars }^ saghanaki : 4.5 stars. yummy, but a bit salty & sadly no, they do not light it on fire at the table!^ zucchini cakes : clean taste, mint yogurt is good, 2 pieces are served but you can request more if you want one per personsolomos : good clean tastearnisio paidakia (lamb chops) : 5 stars, amazing and i don't even like lambbronzino : 5 stars!! best thing i had there (yes, i ordered it for both dinner and lunch). anyone that knows me, know i'm a red meat girl but not at kokkari! get it grilled! it's so fresh and has AMAZING flavors{ SERVICE :: 4 stars }^ waiter/waitress + dinner service : 5 stars, waiter was informative, friendly, just the right amount of attentiveness w/o interrupting our experience - lunch, waitress was MIA at certain times and served the other table ahead of us even though we sat first. waitress tended to their needs much more. waitress didn't drop off our food (food runner did), which is fine, but no one explained the dish... and yes, i know what we ordered, we didn't know what the fresh vegetable of the day was ^ host + dinner : 5 stars, was seated promptly (with reservations) - lunch : despite having reservations and coming 30 mins early, we were still seated AFTER our reservation time. other parties came in after ours (and one party in particular had reservations at the same time and had the same # of people in their party, yet were seated before us when they came in well after us. perhaps because they were regulars?){ ATMOSPHERE :: 5 stars }^ decor : 5 stars, front area sort of has a cool banker/club feel. huge chairs, fireplace, etc. done very well^ cleanliness : 5 stars, everything was immaculate ^ noise level : gets pretty noisy (especially in the front area by the bar){ MISC }^ cost : i suppose it's a little pricey? but it's worth every penny. i suppose the yelp 3 $ is accurate ^ tips : make reservations^ parking : valet on weekends, garage about a block or two away. you also might get lucky with street parking (especially by safeway or the park)
First visit to San Francisco and so glad we made dinner plans here. Excellent lamb chops and so many delicious appetizers to choose from we had to pick 3! The zucchini cakes, baked prawns, and grilled octopus were beyond what we expected.
I have yet to patronize this highly recommended spot as I was given two gift certificates for Christmas 2013. Unfortunately I lost the two gift certificates and feared I may simply be out of luck. Fortunately Kokkari's management provided exceptional customer service and reissued the lost gift cards. If the food at this restaurants is half as good as the customer service, I'm sure I won't be disappointed. Reservations pending.
Love LoveLove this place! The food speaks for itself and words alone do not do it justice. One must experience it for themselves!!! I love the upscale ambiance, it's definitely a placeof "movers and shakers." Hands down, one of my all time favorite, if not favorite and most memorable restaurants of alltime! I will be a frequent diner! restaurants
Having known about Kokkari for several years, I figured it'd be a good lunch spot to take my friend from out of town. As soon as I walked in, I was immediately taken by the cozy, welcoming atmosphere with warm colors, roaring fireplace, and rustic decor. For our meal, we had the following:Zucchini Cakes - So good! The cakes were fried, yet very light with the slivers of zucchini providing both crunchy texture and crisp flavor.Grilled Lamb Chops - A-freaking-mazing! Easily the best lamb chops I've ever had and I was simply floored after taking my first bite. The Greek seasoning hits you first and then the absolutely incredible tenderness of the lamb engulfs your senses.Moussaka - Great change of pace with this Greek-style casserole. It consisted of layers of cheese, eggplant, ground lamb, and potato and the flavors and textures came together very well. It was quite a bit heavier than the lamb chops thought not overly so - hearty yet not at all food coma-inducing.Baklava with Praline Ice Cream - Solid dessert. I personally found the ice cream to be better than the baklava as the latter was a little too sweet for my tastes.Food aside, our waiter did an exceptional job of providing descriptions of different dishes as well as wine recommendations. He seemed well-versed with the backgrounds of Kokkari's offerings and took great care of us throughout our meal. Suffice it to say, I'll be back again to try out everything else =D
I always have a great time at Kokkari!Taken individually, each aspect of the restaurant is good but not incredible, but taken all together, it makes a great restaurant.The food is good but not mind blowing. Watermelon with Feta: interesting, tasty, but not life-changing.Lamb Chops: great, but again, nothing innovative or different, just good quality.Saganaki: Tasty, fun, but not much different from any other Greek restaurant.The decor is nice, but not stunning. The service is friendly, but not the most polished. They make up for it in enthusiasm, though. Lots of hugging and kissing and loud greeting. That's probably the part that brings this restaurant together. I'm always happy here.
The best restaurant in San Francisco. Great rotisserie duck. Everything was a hit!
WOW! This place is amazing. First I love the atmosphere and it has an great ambiance. We sat in the front room next to the window with a great view of the rotisserie over the fire.Great wine Great food and Great service!!!! I ordered the whole fish and they de-boned it for me. What flavor!!!!!! It was incredible. My boyfriend ordered the goat stew... Kind of creeped me out at first. Well I haven't had red meat or pork for 20 years. When we received our dishes his goat stew smelt so divine that I dove in and took a bite!!!!!!! It was so well-seasond and heavenly! I actually had 2 bites! One of my favorite dinning experiences. We will be back.
Favorite Greek in the city. Wonderful service. We ate here Christmas Eve and to celebrate parents' anniversary - if anything, the food had only gotten better the second time around.Inside, the rustic elegance of the heavy wood beams, the decor, and the warm open fireplace with its array of spit-roasting meats is sure to impress.The must-haves: their fabled zucchini cakes are truly worth it, large and delicate patties of zucchini, and only later did I learn they were made with manouri cheese (just perfectly balanced, light and delicious). Psari psito - traditional grilled fish rich with olive oil, a side of horta and lemon; I would recommend the sea bream, which was fantastic. We also had taramosalata, tangy and intensely flavorful, good enough to eat on its own.I love the service here. It's competent, warm and elegant without being stuffy or pretentious. We also had an Assyrtiko, a rare treat, crisp and light and the perfect match for a Greek dinner.
I came here for a late night light snack and the food was excellent, especially liked the lemon chicken soup (not too creamy, just right amount of acidity) and the octopus appetizer (very tender octopus). I will come back for a proper meal next time.I would five this place 4.5 stars if the scale allowed.I like the ambience as well -- classy but not stuffy, free of excessive noise as in many other popular restaurants.
LOVE. Love, Love, Love.LOVE: The Service- Friendly, attentive, punctual, efficientLOVE: The Wine- A glass of Peloponnese Skouras Moschofilero will make your taste buds sing with its tart, mineral-y sweetnessLOVE: The Decor- Rustic is the key word here. Cozy, romantic, warm and intimate are also acceptable. Between the huge, roaring, brick fireplace, the copper pots hanging from the ceiling and the woven baskets strewn throughout, diners will feel like they have stepped into a Greek grandmother's homeLOVE: The Food- Kalambaki: Roasted sweet white corn with spiced feta butter. So crisp and fresh you might cry- Octopodaki tou Yiorgou: Grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil. Light, chewy, refreshing- Aginares Souvlaki: Grilled artichokes and eggplant skewer with Greek yogurt. Incredible natural textures and flavors complemented by zesty, tart creaminess- Kalamari: Grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel, orange with black olives. Crisp in all the right places with sweet slices of mandarin orange. If supermodels are eye candy, these orange slices were tongue candy- Galaktoboureko: Semolina custard in filo with Meyer lemon and creme fraiche ice-cream. Semolina custard is proof that God wants us to eat dessert. Meyer lemon is proof that God stocks his fridge with citrus. Creme fraiche ice-cream is proof that God exists, period- Mango and Ouzo Sorbet: The only dud of the night. Too much ouzo, too little mango. Only good for ardent licorice-loversVERDICT: A rare, perfect dining experience.
I love Kokkari. It's rustic atmosphere, mouthwatering food, and convenient location make it a perfect go-to for lunch or dinner and most special occasions. They can handle large parties (I've been here with a party of 20 before - and the staff handled our table wonderfully!)It really is a food lover's destination spot. Food items I would order again: the grilled octopus (it's light and citrus-y; and a good transition to the world of octopus if you've never tried it before) and the lamb riblets (fall-off-the-bone, tender amazingess - order this appetizer; you will not regret it.). A party of four can easily share the entree size Greek Salad; the size is perfect and the ingredients fresh, but it's not something I would order again. While delicious, it feels simple enough to make on your own at home and there are so many other menu items that would be less achievable in your home kitchen. Favorite entree: lamb souvlaki - skewered lamb, so much flavor - great for the price!The moussaka entree is a casserole dish with ground spiced lamb, eggplant, potatoes, and melted cheese. I think this would be a great dish to share with the table; it's creamy and quite good, but eating all of it by yourself becomes a little overwhelming and too much. Finally, they have a rich dessert selection - it's worth saving room for it!All around, I highly recommend Kokkari - for tourists and locals - it will not disappoint.
We had such a great dinner here! First the service was excellent -- such a nice server! We ordered a ton of mezzes -- probably too many!! -- but I don't know which we shouldn't have gotten. The were all so good. The artichoke/eggplant skewer was awesome. SO good. So were the okra, beans, husband loved the ribletes and the grilled octopus. We also had the whole grilled fish -- it was amazingly good. Oh, and so was the lentil soup. Also, the portions were super generous.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. I've been in twice now and tried a fair amount of things on the menu, all have been good but a few of my favorites were:the pit-fire roasted lamb special, the feta and pepper dip, the grilled fish with tomatoes, the meatballs, the baklava ice cream and the tzatziki! Things I wouldn't order again: the octopus, the grape leaves, the eggplant dip. None of these items were bad, they just weren't as good as the things above. The atmosphere is wonderful. It's very Mediterranean and always lively. There is a fire pit in the front room where they always roast a special (lamb, pork etc.). The back room has an open kitchen, so you really feel like you are in the middle of all the action. The service is really phenomenal as well. Both times I was there the waiters did little things that showed they really care. The first time they brought out extra pickled cucumbers when they noticed how much we enjoyed them and the second time the waiter brought out a free dessert! This is a serious restaurant... Serious food, serious Chefs, and serious service! Love!
Kokkari is tremendous. It is everything a restaurant in San Francisco should be. For example, the first thing you should always, *always* see when you walk into a restaurant in San Francisco is a large, glistening chunk of animal rotating serenely in a comically oversized fireplace. And you should point to it and say, as your ancestors once did, "Gruuuughnghlughrrrrung."There is little that I can add to the ongoing and well-deserved love-in. The food and service are both outstanding. The prices are shockingly reasonable. Go to it with gusto.
Outstanding. Words really cant descirbe how great this place is. Can somewhat add up in price, but worth every penny. Hard to get a reservation, but not worth knocking a star off.
No words needed, just 5 starts!
Bar review only for food, sat down 8 minutes ( waved bartender down for a good 7 minutes), 10 minutes later-I'll be right with you, let me finish all these drinks first. I walked out. I will no be returning.
My work at our summer luncheon here. The place was pretty big, couldn't tell from outside. The service was great. We ordered the Lamb Chop, Wild King Salmon, and the Tuesday daily special. They were all very flavorful and good portioned.
The Dish: My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner. We had the Octopodaki tou Yiorgou (grilled octopus) for appetizer. It was really, really, really good. The flavors were just right and it was a perfect appetizer (instead of your typical calamari-type thing). For entree, I ordered the Moussaka (casserole) and my boyfriend got the Kokinisto me Manestra (lamb shank). The lamb shank was really good and tender. The portion is actually pretty large. The casserole is good too. The flavors were pretty good, but I wouldn't recommend anyone ordering that. It's ground lamb, which I didn't expect, but it was still okay.Ambiance: The service is amazing - my waitress was Daria. She helped a lot in choosing our dishes - excellent service. She didn't show up too many times to interrupt dinner, but she also made sure we loved everything. She gave us a complimentary dessert for my birthday too! It's called Kataifi; it's Greek lasagna for dessert. Absolutely delicious with a combination of strawberries, pistacchio, and a whole bunch of Greek stuff I don't recognize. But take it from someone without a sweet tooth, Kataifi is delicious.
we've eaten here once and it was delicious. however, the reservationist was rude. while on a call to confirm our reservation, the reservationist accidentally canceled us. she fixed it at the time and we were apparently back online. when i later got an email saying we were canceled, i had to call back to re-re-re-confirm. a different reservationist answered. it was apparently fine and we were confirmed again, but i didn't appreciate her curt tones, especially since it was her side that caused all the confusion. an unfortunate prelude to the meal.
win.
Awesome
yum
I
I really like Greek food and I'm glad that my fiance made reservations several weeks prior especially since the concierge at our hotel said it was a hard restaurant to get into.  We had the following:Kolokithokeftethes - zucchini cakes - I wish they were better seasonedAginares Souvlaki - grilled artichokes & eggplant skewer - just OKArnisia Plevrakia - grilled lamb riblets - really goodMelitzanosalata - an eggplant dip - really goodArnisia Paidakia - lamb chops grilled - I liked the riblets better but my fiancee really enjoyed the lamb chops. Our waiter was Greek and was very entertaining. Although the restaurant is loud everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. The special of the night was lambs head, which included everything inside - the head, eyes, tongue brain. I saw someone at the bar eating it and I'm glad I skipped it. I don't want my dinner looking at me!
This restaurant falls into my top 5 favorite dining establishments!!!!The atmosphere is comfortable w a rustic feeling....Must haves:Feta cheeseTzatziki Grilled artichokes & eggplantMoussaka Grilled lemon chicken
We had reservations and did not nee were seated and I enjoyed seeing the gorgeous grill on our way to the seat. Enjoyed the beautiful grill especially the delicious aroma that was wafting all around.Enjoyed starters - Kolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing - oh so delicious and tasty, the Souvla Tis Emeras special was delicious lamb from the grill and also enjoyed some shared Octapodaki tou Yiorgou. Also enjoyed some baklava dessert - I probably should have quit while I was ahead because the serving sizes are decent and there is too much of a good thing. :)Anyway I look forward to returning and maybe stopping while i am ahead so I don't roll out of there.
Absolutely fantastic food. I lived in Greece and I have had trouble finding authentic delicious Greek food here in the US. I have found my heaven here.My husband and I were in town visiting and decided to use yelp to find a good restaurant. Since we hadn't made reservations, we decided to arrive right when the restaurant opened for dinner (sat night) and sit at the bar. Our plan worked thankfully. The bar area filled up quickly, and we understood why after tasting our appetizers. I had the octopus which was tender succulent and full of flavor. The best octopus I have had in a very long time. My husband had the lamb riblets, which was also undeniably tasty and tender. For our main course, we had the goat stew and the fish. These were both amazing and well made dishes.  Overall, we were pleased with this gem of a find and felt it was worth the $200 plus price tag. Of course that included wine and dessert.
This place never fails... That's pretty much all I can say. Their meats superb and delicious. Their staff courteous and able to pronounce everything on the menu even if they are not Greek. Their wine list does the trick. ;)Gentlemen, if you want to impress a girl with taste and sophistication, this is your place.
I love this place, came here with my girlfriend for girls' night. I love their blaklava and the Galaktoboureko desserts. Their egg plant stew Moussaka is also very good.
really delicious greek food. nice wine and generous pours. friendly servers / bartenders. all around was a great experience. what i ate- watermelon and feta salad, stuffed calamari. both were so delicious. and plenty to fill me up. saw folks eating lamb, chicken pitas, etc and everything looked so good. this would be a go to biz lunch spot for me and a nice spot for large group dining due to it's size. apparently they have a sister restaurant in NYC that i need to check out pronto!
Kokkari is a SF establishment that does what they do, very well. Simple but elegant menu that is consistent and executed to perfection. Their homemade pita bread makes you wonder what the heck you've been eating from the store or other restaurants, and their hummus is creamy and flavorful.Any of their lamb dishes - must try. They are known for their lamb and really, deserve any accolades for it. Service is attentive and all servers are extremely knowledgable of the menu. Great for lunch or dinner, small groups or big.
3.5 stars I was really hoping Kokkari would as fabulous and memorable a dining experience as many others have Yelped about. Were my expectations too high? Perhaps, but with more than 2700 reviews and a 4.5 star average rating, I was almost certain I would be blown away. Don't get me wrong, I did enjoy my meal, it just wasn't one of the more noteworthy I've had in SF. I should start by saying that the service was excellent. We were promptly seated and the waitstaff was attentive and patient throughout the entire meal. All of our dishes arrived quickly (but not too quickly, allowing us enough time between each course so that we did not feel rushed). Our server helped us select some of the most popular/raved about dishes. 4 stars for the service.When it came to the food I just didn't quite get the wow factor.For appetizers we had the octopus, zucchini fritters and saganaki, a fried cheese dish. The octopus was tough/rubbery and a little burnt tasting. Then came the zucchini fritters, which were tasty but hardly memorable. The highlight was the saganaki. (I mean, how can you go wrong with fried cheese?) For my main I had the mousakka, and it was good but not by any means a standout. Maybe I'm being too picky, but I just left feeling like Kokkari should have made more of an impression.I will definitely go back. They have quite an extensive menu so perhaps I didn't order the right things, or this was simply an off night. Taking into account their reputation and the adoring reviews I'll return (again, likely with high expectations).
I had a fantastic meal here the other night! A few gal pals and I popped in for some great Greek food and beyond just tasty food we had wonderful wine and outstanding service from our waiter, Jeff. With a little bit of guidance from Jeff the 4 of us sampled various small plates of some popular dishes and found everything to be absolutely delicious. Beyond what we ordered Jeff even brought out an extra little plate of pickles for us because we'd made a comment that they were really good. Totally above and beyond anything we expected! That small gesture was so generous and thoughtful that the already 5-star experience was just that much better.Topping the night off with baklava ice cream, I don't think I've had a better meal in SF in quite a while! Can't wait to come back next time I'm in town.
The Watermelon salad, tomatoes salad, calamari, lamb chops and baklava to die for.....the best Greek food ever
Amazing. Souvalki and lamb chops are tops with me! Love the setting and service.
Well...I'm not sure what to say except I was slightly underwhelmed but it was no fault of the restaurant.The venue itself is super nice and huge. Loved the couches, the lighting and the room arrangement.The food itself isn't bad - in fact it's fresh if you get the whole fish which I did. I also got lamb which was well cooked and tasty.If this is a Mediterranean restaurant, where's the mousaka? I was CRAVING something similar but didn't see it!So overall this place is great but maybe the food offerings are not to my liking.
Wow. What an amazing meal!We came here for my dad's birthday with a large group, including several vegetarians. Our waiter, George, was a riot! He read our group perfectly, and interacted with us at just he right level of familiar joking, and was very helpful with selecting dishes. Everything was delicious! The small plates came out in waves while we decided on our mains. The portions were generous, and everything was cooked to perfection. The desserts were scrumptious as well.Great meal, great waitstaff, great atmosphere! We will be back!
-----DINNER ONLY------I CANNOT believe I used to think I didn't like Greek food at all. I can't believe I was missing out on this for so long. Can't. Believe. Decor is SO great. I came here for a pharm dinner but I really just want to come back again so I can actually try the entire menu.Pikilia - The greek spread comes with three different sauces. All are good but the pink sauce is LEGIT. I don't even know what it is but I had to restrain from pouring the entire thing onto my plate.The lamb meatballs - Super juicy and filling. It's good that these are only appetizersLamb skewer - Not usually a fan of lamb but this dish might have changed that for meRavioli with wild nettles & ricotta cheese - SUPER heavy dish. Actually, the toasted pine nuts were what did it for me on this dishAnd the dessert. We got an assortment but MAN OH MAN these desserts are what pushed it over the edge for me. I had to try to maintain composure in the professional setting while I was crying inside because it was so good. I know people rave about this place but I just never thought much of it since I wasn't into greek food. I think I can officially say I am a believer now and Greek food will always be a top priority of a place to try. My gosh.
1. Great ambiance (for date or adult group)2. Great foodI have only been here once but I really enjoyed the look of the place. There is a decent amount of intimate seating as well as family/larger group seating.
Dependable service, great ambiance!! Was here for anniversary :) CONS: The reason why I didn't give it a 5 star is because I felt uncomfortable in my seat, we were a bit too close & squishy to the neighbors both left and right which made me feel like there were no privacy. I heard only my neighbors rambling instead of my partner -which defeated the whole purpose of being there. We just stared at each other and ate.  And man, when I had to go to the restroom the restaurant went from 5 star to a 1 star. a) Can only go to the restroom by elevator b) The elevator had big guys coming up with huge bins of garbages FROM THE SAME ELEVATOR- they were heading for the back exit since they were closing the restaurant I guess c) When I went in the elevator after they came out. I totally felt like vomiting everything I ate. I felt like I was at the dumpster with some hobos! Awful experience. d) elevator = slow :) PROS:  AMAZING FOOD & SERVERS: The octopus appetizer was amazingly good (DrooL)- I also had a quail entree that was really good. Lamb shanks entree my partner had was also good. I liked the Spanakopita was pretty good like how it's suppose to be I guess. We had really good dessert too but I can't remember what it was hmm.. I talked to some customers there and they said the ravioli was good. Not sure tho- don't quote me on that :D
AMAZING LAMB CHOPS + GRILLED OCTOPUS.Usually a very long wait at the door so make reservations. bit of a walk from the hotel zone but def worth the trip
It almost seems silly to do a review on a restaurant that has 2 million reviews already, but I must throw my two cents in, since Kokkari gave me one of the greatest, most memorable meals of my life.Mediterranean food ranks highly in my heart and Kokkari sits comfortably at the top, with nary a contender in sight.Why is it so good? Magic. Pure and simple. I can't believe the succulent morsels that covered our groaning table, salty, lemony, grilled kalamari, a salad made of fresh peas and mint that made me close my eyes for a second, so that I wouldn't explode with screams of ecstasy, embarrassing my lunch date and fellow eaters.The whole baked sole, crispy on the outside and seasoned exquisitely with a graceful hand, so as not to overpower this tender fish. Saghanaki - pan fried Kefalotiri cheese with lemon & oregano, piquant and so scrumptious I scraped the plate with my finger, yes, I actually used my finger.They have great drinks as you would expect, fine Greek coffee and dessert, but the coup de grace for me had to be the service. On the day we visited Chris B. was our server and he was warm and funny, prompt and helpful but never anxious or overbearing. If every restaurant experience could be like Kokkari then the world would be a happier, more satisfied place.
The zucchini cakes are amazing and make me want to go back. We also got the grilled calamari stuffed with feta and lamb shanks for starters. I thought it feta calamari was a bit too strong, but the lamb was great. For dinner I got the whole fish special - petrale sole. I've had it seasoned better. This one was a bit bland.I want to go back and try some other dished
My fiance and I had a gift certificate here, and we both really enjoyed it. We decided to order a bunch of mezethes so that we could try as many of Greek foods that we missed from our recent visit as possible.We loved absolutely everything! My favorite menu item was the giant beans baked in tomato sauce. This is one of my favorite foods and something that you can't get just anywhere, so they were a special treat. I also particularly liked the baked feta, the grilled octopus, and of course the baklava we had for dessert. We had the waiter recommend an ouzo, and loved his choice.We were seated in the back area by the kitchen, so I was able to glance at all of the food that came out, which I love. Everything looked fantastic! The only disappointment is that they don't serve goat every night, just when it is the roasted meat of the night. My fiance was hoping for goat, but we understand. :)Other than that, our waiter did forget the coffee we ordered at the end of the meal. When he remembered, we had already finished our dessert and were ready to go, so he comped our corkage. That, to me, is spectacular service and we both appreciated the gesture. All of the staff was polite, well-trained, and happy to serve. Can't wait to go back.
SUCH GOOD GREEK FOOD. z0mg. So I read the reviews beforehand, and I got excited because people had so many good things to say! And, all the reviews DEFINITELY lived up to my expectations, and more. They did a fantastic job of accommodating my friend's party, and even cut the cake, garnished the plates, and served it for us!
Took my bf here for his birthday dinner, and the food/service/wine completely wow-ed us both! While I have nothing new to contribute to the review (considering that most of the Yelpers have covered them all), I do have to say that this place does great justice to Greek cuisine... and lamb. I am not a fan of lamb but Kokkari has definitely gotten their methods down on how to bring out the best flavors of lamb.Between the two of us, we had:- Saganaki (although there was no fire show... but nonetheless, so yummy, savory, and salty- which I like!)- Grilled squid/octopus (also deliciously tender!)- Moussaka (bf said that this was the best moussaka he's had, aside from his mom's version of moussaka)- Special of the day lamb stew with orzo rice and lemony artichoke, topped with feta cheese (the meat was flavorful, succulent, and so tender)- Fried filo-wrapped custard (don't remember the name but the juxtaposition of crunchy filo shell + the creamy custard = heaven and fireworks)- A bottle of red "Avaton" (gerovassiliou.gr/en/wine) = AH-MAZING. It was also $150... ah well, it's worth it when you celebrate it with someone special :) The most expensive wine on their menu is $6500, btw!Service- Superb! Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable... he was also very, very excited to tell us about the menu and offer recommendations from the wine list. Last but not the least, he had remembered about the birthday special I requested by phone earlier that day.Interior decor- Unpretentious, very farm-house cottage feel - super charming!I would love to go back there, maybe after a few more paychecks or have someone else pay me ;) This is definitely a lovely restaurant for anyone looking for a special pace to celebrate birthdays or anniversaries.
My family and I had a lamb feast dinner here. Lamb chops are very meaty.Make sure to order dips for the grilled pita bread - much better than the basket bread.Skip the greek salad - nothing special.
There is no wrong order at Kokkari. I enjoy its entire menu. I particularly like kokkari during christmas season - with the christmas decor, fireplace and hearty food.
From the rooftops of the rocky Greek coast - I LOVE GREEK FOOD!! A lot. The ingredients that a considerable amount of American palettes aren't just quite used to; grape leaves, tzatziki, kalamata olives, kabob meat, and so on. I am not sure if it is the savory notes of Mediterranean food, the devilishly delicious dips, or the fact that it is just something different and not always easy to find in the states that keep me going back for more.With a little help from my Cleveland, Seattle, and LA yelp gals - we ordered rounds of dolmas, Zucchini Cakes, Grilled Calamari, and Grilled meatballs. Essentially, Greek food on steroids - this place makes it fresh and fabulous. The Tzatziki sauce was unreal and the perfect ratio of yogurt to spices with a delightful texture. The calamari was grilled in its original form - not minced or sliced pieces - supporting the fresh aspect of the menu even more. I knew what I was eating and it wasn't a fried ambiguous glob of food. My favorite of your magnificent appetizer medley had to be the dolmas and the meatballs. For dessert? The bakliva ice cream. Yea, that's right: bakliva ice cream. Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
I went here for the first time recently to celebrate a personal milestone. I made reservations well in advance, and I was surprised that I needed to book at least one week in advance for a decent time. Even though it's a large restaurant, it's also a very popular restaurant.The restaurant is in a beautiful space. The hostess and waiters practiced excellent service. But the food was hardly memorable. It was good, but not great. I expected greatness for the price I was paying. I still left satisfied and content with the experience.
Finally I tried this place after I have recommended by my chef friend in SF. I liked the ambiance very much, very San Franciscan, which reminds me of a bit like NYC.It was Monday night, but the restaurant was packed. We sat at the bar and enjoyed the conversations with the waiter, who was very friendly and helpful:)The dishes are a bit pricey considering the amount of food you get. The grilled lamb riblets and grilled octopus appetizer are the dishes to die for! I don't eat much meat, but sucked the lamb like crazy! Nice bakkava and yogurt ice cream desserts, and also very lovely Pinot Noir. I believe it was Schug from Sonoma.I'd definitely go back there. Indeed maybe next week again on my trip!!
I have been here four times, usually for special occasions. The decor is rustic but elegant, and really beautiful. Try to get seated by a window if you go during the summer; the ocean breezes from the nearby Embarcadero are really nice.The service here is really good, and I like how the menu changes a little with the season, although the flip side is that a dish you really liked may not be available next time you go.I have tried maybe half the dishes on the menu (we came here for a work lunch, so I was able to try many dishes), and they were all pretty good, but some standouts for me are the grilled meatballs, the roasted Greek chicken, and the watermelon and feta salad, which knocked my socks off. I highly recommend these three dishes, as well as the gigante beans.There is cheaper Mediterranean food in the Bay Area, but none better. Great date or special occasion restaurant.
In one of the best dining cities in the U.S., it's rare for a regular ole' gal like me to get treated like royalty at such a popular restaurant!A few colleagues and I decided to grab a bite to eat together to catch up. We were squeezed in on a super busy night and given wine to ease the super-quick wait time. Me likey! We literally waited a few minutes before we were taken to our table and given just impeccable service. The waiter was funny, witty and informative. He didn't make me feel uncomfortable for being a little pickier than the average diner, which was really nice. And he noticed that I liked the housemade pickles so much that he grabbed me a huge, side dish full of them! Someone must've told him how to get on my good side.The food was seriously delicious--probably the most high class, authentic and delicious Greek restaurant experience of my life. The Tzatziki was divine, although I could've done without the mint (personal preference), but whatever that poblano pepper feta dip was--get it. Holy crap, it's so good! And don't miss out on the lamb meatballs, spiced with cinnamon, nutmeg and allspice in a tomato sauce. Wow--just wow. I'm generally not a huge fan of stuffed grape leaves (it's the mint thing, again) but these were fresh and pretty tasty. And my colleagues seemed to go nuts over the calamari. We decided to finish off our meal by sharing the baklava ice cream. Yes, you read that right. Housemade vanilla ice cream with homemade baklava folded in. I don't like sweets but there was no denying the deliciousness of this incredible treat. If you love Greek food and you're in San Fran, this place is not to be missed. Just be sure to make a reservation!
Beautiful place. I definitely want to come back.
I never thought I'd say this, but after so many good restaurants they all start to run together. Have you ever gone wine tasting and toward the end, your tongue is tired? I kind of feel like that. Anyway, I was feeling a bit under the weather and Kokkari was the perfect place to go. We sat by the warm rotisseries and I ordered the pork belly (a huge piece of meat) and my bf ordered the kebab, the name of which I forget. Beautiful and perfect. My meal in particular was big enough for two. The chanterelles were delightful, but the ouzo sorbet dessert (after I was determined not to have dessert since my meal was HUGE) was so amusing! Anise, strawberry and peach, who'dda thunk? Service was good, but not great. The restaurant is warm and welcoming, high ceilings, comfy upholstered chairs. Sure you can get Mediterranean food on the cheap, but the way some of the flavors complimented each other was quite special.
One of the best restaurants we've ever been to. Have the Goat stew, you won't regret it. If you come in a large party and want to sit in a unique and intimate place request the cellar... they'll take you down the elevator to the quaint little room lit by candle light with a long table- it was magical :)
Solid 4 stars. Came here for a business meeting with my manager, client and coworker.We started with the bread which was okay, pretty standard. And because it was a work meeting, we ordered multiple appetizers but the most notable one was the octopus (SO GOOD!) and the fried cheese (also delicious)!The client got roasted rabbit which was the special of the night and he loved it. I only like fish so I got a grilled seabass as well as my manager and coworker (she got hers roasted). We all really enjoyed our meal and was stuffed... but once again because it was a business meeting... we got multiple desserts too! I got the baklava and really liked it while the others got a berry crumbcake and yogurt which was delicious as well.We got there relatively early and it was getting busier and busier throughout the night so I'd suggest coming earlier, the waiter was on point and very courteous as well. I'd totally come back again next time :)
My husband and I dined here last night and it definitely met our expectations. My husband really liked the decor. I liked the fireplace in the front dining room. The only glitch was our seat in front of the entrance door that kept chilling us through dinner. (It also didn't allow us a very good view of the restaurant). We ordered the baked feta appetizer and also the mussels that they had as a special that night. Both were excellent. I thought the feta should come with pita but it didn't so we requested some and they obliged. The broth/sauce of the mussels was incredible and was the best part of both appetizers. Our mixed drinks - we had several, were also perfect. We both were interested in the moussaka so we inquired about it. Our waitress responded that it was like a warm blanket wrapped around you...we were sold. It was awesome - piping hot, creamy, well spiced, and well seasoned. I initially wanted to add salt but I was worried that it would disturb the delicate balance of seasonings in the casserole. I'm glad I refrained. For dessert we shared the flourless chocolate cake and I think it's the best dessert I've ever had, beating out the sticky toffee pudding I had in San Antonio that previously held that special spot in my heart. Our meal cost about $160 before tip for both of us which was a very good value for the quality of everything we enjoyed that night. I can't wait to come back to SF and go here again. Hopefully, to a different table.
Unbelievable Greek/Mediterranean food! Outstanding service as well. The grilled vegetable appetizer was out of this world, as were the duck meatball/fried pasta apps. The lamb shank fell off the bone and the flourless chocolate cake is worth committing a crime for! Definitely hit this place up when in SF!
After thousands of reviews, don't need to say too much except:THEY ARE ALL RIGHT! THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!Some pointers:* If you don't have a rez (sounds like you need to call weeks in advance), try your luck early at the bar. We were able to snag a seat after waiting for about 15 minutes around 6pm. By the time we left around 8pm, we felt like a little tuna being circled by hungry sharks.* GET THE GALAKTOBOUREKO DESSERT (it was the first one on the dessert menu when we went) - AMAZING!!! One of the very few desserts my husband remembers to this day (the other is the pot de creme at Scarpetta).* GET THE LAMB. So tasty, seasoning was AMAZING - especially when you see them being cooked over the grill in the middle of the dining room. Nothing fancy schmany - straight BBQ. I usually get my lamb medium rare (a little chewy), but I think medium would have been perfect.(If I get the opportunity to come back with a proper rez, I have no doubt this rating will be a 5!)
This place did not disappoint! I made reservations for a date night with my fianc and I must say that it's a perfect place for a date! Very romantic and intimate. We ordered the lamb riblets as our appetizer and as the main course I had their famous lamb chops and my fianc ordered the roast duck. Everything was so juicy and perfectly cooked! We had such a great waiter. He was jolly and very nice. Everything was perfect.
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco. The lamb chops are a must along with the octopus and also the smelt fishes. All their dips are amAzing and also a must to try. Their wine list is excellent, great selection. Reservations are necessary.
Came here for dinner right right before the holidays, the decor and ambiance is so pretty and suited the SF wintertime well. The zucchini fritters were great and definitely one of their standout dishes. The goat stew and kalamata pizza were also really delicious, and I don't even like olives! On the pricier side so save Kokkari for a special occasion.
5 star service...and amazing food....We ate @ the bar and the bartender was gr8 and even had my nephews bottle filled and warmed up...
Missing out on a 5-star experience due to the feeling of being rushed by the waitstaff & for forgetting my leftovers, Kokkari was still an experience to be repeatedI had OVER 1/2 of my meal unfinished & was SO looking forward to lunch the following day.....but when we got home, there was only 1 box in the doggie bag & it wasn't mine.....BOO!!!Starters included - Flatbread w/ Kalamata olives, tomato, caramelized onion - outstanding!Ginormous white beans w/ tomato sauce & feta - yummy as could be!Saghanaki - even though they squeezed a whole lemon on it at our table, there wasn't a hint of citrus - absolutely delish!BF chose the Lamb Skewer & he loved the tender lamb & veggies paired w/ it - onion, tomatoes & potatoesI chose (of course) Butternut Squash Ravioli w/ feta & mushrooms in a Brown Butter Sauce & toasted hazelnuts.....tell me you wouldn't be disappointed if you didn't get these leftovers!Best dessert wine that we'll def be checking into was this late harvest sparkling something or other.....I took a pic of the label so we could hunt it downBaklava Ice Cream - nice homemade vanilla ice cream w/ baklava pieces in itBaklava - definite winner here! THIS was flaky, sweet, w/ tons of nuts - it had flavor & texture & everything going on. You def want to order this!We'd have liked to linger a bit more but at every turn, just as we were lifting our forks w/ the last bite on any plate, there was someone there to clear away the dish.....kind of intimidatingYou'll also want to be sure to be prepared to get bumped A LOT. They have crammed in way too many tables, even for the large space they have & all of us were bumped into on all sides of the table as servers were bringing dishes to neighboring tables, clearing dishes....you get the picture
This is a great place to take someone who really appreciates Greek food. People say it's very "authentic," though I wouldn't know. We tried:- saghanaki (pan fried cheese)- grilled octopus- lamb chops- whole fish (on special)Everything we had was fresh and delicious. I, who normally doesn't like lamb, really enjoyed their lamb chops. This place is popular, so you must make your reservations in advance. Give it a try!
Came here to meet a friend who wanted to take me out to dinner. She insisted that the night was on her! So I did not turn her down because the dinner and company was very good! And I mean very good. Better experience this time than I had in previous visits! The service always gets better! Food is excellent! Lamb is always cook to perfection!
They only had reservations for 10:15 pm on a Saturday night. We don't like eating late but judging from the pictures and reviews we made an exception. We decided to go at 9:00 pm and have drinks at the bar before our reservation time. When we arrived at 9:15 we explained our situation to the hostess and we were pleasantly surprised when she told us she could sit us right then. I live in Los Angeles and let me tell you, whenever I visit SF again I will be paying a visit to this fine establishment. From the hostess to the waiter to the bus boys, the service was impeccable. We all had the lamb chops because that is what this restaurant is known for and the waiter recommended it. I kid you not when I say that we wanted to eat off the bone. We told the waiter how pleased we were and he said the even fancy old ladies are seen eating off the bone. OMG you guys, those lamb chops are to die for. I sofa king love Kokkari.
This is actually the first Greek restaurant I've ever been to and let me tell you, the food here is definitely on point. If you're planning on sharing with family or a group, I highly recommend getting the Zucchini cakes, lamb shank, moussaka, pita flat bread, and makaronia me Horta. Trust me, you won't be disappointed. My favorite out of the 5 listed above would definitely be the lamb shank though! Super good. The portions here aren't that big, but it's enough to get everyone satisfied with there meal. If you share and do family style, then you won't be in a food coma because you get a little bit of everything. The waiters and waitresses are also really nice and deserve a good tip. They know how to make their customers feel welcomed and satisfied.
I love Greek food. Grew up with it, cook it myself. I'm a New Yorker and I've enjoyed all of Astoria's upscale and peasant style fare.THIS was beyond amazing. Beyond.No reservation on a Monday night and the place was packed. We did call, but the only spot was after 9pm and we were ready to eat... so we got on the waiting list enjoyed our cocktails, while keeping an eye out for a couple of spots at the bar.Seats opened up at the far end of the bar and we settled in. The bartender refreshed our drinks, and I was delighted to see that they had full dinner service at the bar. The waiter gave us the specials and we ordered a few appetizers.Gigantes - oven-baked giant beans with tomato sauce, olive oil & herbed feta    Firm and lovely in a rich tomato sauceMapakia - wood oven-roasted Brussels sprouts with bacon & lemon     This is one of my favorites and I make it at home (the way they make them at Little Dom's in Los Feliz) but the addition of the lemon was just pure genius.Soutzoukakia - grilled lamb meatballs with spiced tomato sauce & Greek yogurt    Omg. spectacular.They had a few specials and my companions ordered those. Both ordered a variety of whole fish, grilled to perfection. I did what I'd do when trying out a new ice cream shop (order vanilla) and i ordered the souvlaki.I've eaten a LOT of souvlaki in my day but there are practically no words for how incredibly fantastic this execution was. There were layers and layers of aromatic flavors... the perfectly cooked juicy and tender and massive chunks of lamb were just... beyond words. Served with grilled onions, tomato (from the skewer) grilled potatoes and some of the best most subtle and delicious tzatziki I've ever tasted.The atmosphere is lovely... great for dinner with friends and cozy enough for a romantic date. The massive fireplace had a delicious lamb slowly turning on a spit. I'm not always a fan of roast lamb which sometimes can be too gamey for me (souvlaki is highly spiced and marinated) so I didn't indulge... but I wanted to!We were stuffed but had to choose from one of the fantastic desserts (LOVE Greek sweets!) and chose to share the Galaktoboureko - (Semolina custard in filo with quince spoon sweet & Pistachio ice cream). Heaven. Oh, and the stone ground coffee that they heat over a sand pit... amazing.Wonderful. Can't wait to go again.
I initially could not get excited about going out for Greek Food when there are so many options in San Francisco. I always enjoy Greek food at other places but it never dazzles me. I made the reservation at Kokkari based upon reviews but as the evening neared I was not looking forward to my reservation choice.WOW was I wrong. Both the food and service were amazing. This was the best meal I have ever had in San Francisco and I have hit all of the top restaurants in the bay area. Matt our waiter was great from the start, very personable, helping us narrow down our food selections (everything on the menu sounded excellent and the entrees being served near us looked even better). With his help we finally narrowed things down. Appetizers: (All 5 Stars)Karpouzi me Feta (Watermelon & Feta) - light and refreshing Kolokithokeftethes (Zucchini Cakes suggested by our waiter) - amazing you must order this and make them pronounce it. Kalamari (Grilled Calamari - stuffed with feta and fennel) - if you like Grilled Calamari this is a very unique dishSpanakotriopita (filo Pies) light and buttery filled with feta and leeks etcEntrees: (All 5 Stars)Daily Rotisserie- The daily rotisserie for the evening was a goat stew. Having had goat a few times in my life I have always though it to be a rubbery overcooked meat. (like eating an old person). Matt told us it would be tender and juicy at Kokkari. We rolled the dice and ordered it. This was the top entre of the evening. Succulent tender goat meat served in a flavorful red stew with orzo Psari Psito Wood-oven roasted california sea bassMoussaka (which was the best Moussaka I have ever had)Arnisia Paidakia - lamb chops grilled with a lemon-oregano vinaigretteWine:2010 Andseron Valley Goldeneye Pinot Noir paired well with all the entrees (Suggested by our waiter) Dessert: (All 5 Stars):Brandy soaked berry cake SpecialYiaourti Granita - Yogurt sorbet with berry granita & mint syrupI never knew greek food could be so amazing. I almost canceled my Sunday night reservation to come back to Kokkari before leaving the city. The open kitchen, fresh baked breads, unique entrees and wonderful wait staff made this a 5 star experience. There is a reason they are number 1 in SFO right now.Try it out you will not be disappointed.
It was a perfect Valentine's Day dinner.I can write a very long review describing how amazing the service was and how every single bite of a 5-course dinner was PERFECTION! Or, I can just leave it up to you to go to Korraki and see for yourself . I'm sticking to the second option. The end!.:)
I had really high expectations for Kokkari as I am a huge fan of it's sister restaurant, Evvia, in Palo Alto.We had good friends from NY in town for the orthopedic conference and wanted to take them somewhere that would knock their socks off and Kokkari didn't disappoint.The customer service is outstanding. Everyone from the hostess to our waiter to the busboy who directed me to the bathroom was extremely polite and friendly.ies The wine list was extensive, with some obvious choices, but a lot of not so obvious, wonderful choices. Obviously a lot of Greek wines, but a lot from France, Spain and Italy as well.Our waiter was fabulous as well. Very professional and knowledgeable but a little quirky, which I liked.You have to try the grilled calamari stuffed with feta cheese appetizer! It's amazing.I had the sole special, which was a full filet, butterflied and deboned. It was fabulous, but my only complaint was that it wasn't fully deboned and there is nothing I hate more than picking out little tiny fish bones.My waiter came by while I picking out some bones and displayed some disappointment that there bones, so I don't believe this is the norm.My friend and I shared the sundae for dessert. OH WOW! I can't tell you how many times I put my spoon down only to pick it back up. It was so good!!Great decor. The restaurant looks like a small greek restauraunt when you first walk in but it's HUGE! You need to take an elevator to the bathroom!!If you are in the city, do not miss coming to Kokkari!
I do love my Greek food. And Kokkari delivers on authentic yummy Greek food that reminds me of my gluttony in Mykonos years ago. The financial district location means that most of the dinner folks are work meetings - but i don't mind as they all look proper and pretty. The restaurant is a lovely site with the big wooden tables and big windows. Now on to the food:Dolmathes -as legit and yummy as it gets. The Greeks make it with dill and mint and so does Kokkari. This means the stuffed grape leaves are light and herby fresh. Fried smelts - I am a fan of little fishes (and people). These are not greasy at all and are served on top of a fluffy bed of potatoes and lemon.Taramosalata - just amazing and super fresh. This is one of my favorite Greek spreads. A baguette, taramosalata and some mint tea and you're transported to watching the sunset in Santorini.Moussaka - made with ground spiced lamb (authentic Greek style) and eggplant. Soft, fluffy bechamel on top makes this a very comforting dish.Lamb chops - if a Greek restaurant can't make good lamb chops, then it can't be a good Greek restaurant. And Kokkari delivers here. The potatoes and lemon oregano accompaniments complete this hearty meal.GET THE KOULOURAKIA FOR DESSERT. I LOVE THESE GREEK COOKIES!!
Definetely aplace you want to go! The food is great, absolutely loved this place! No doubts is one of the best restaurants in town.Te food is very traditional, which I adored.
Cute place and the food was good. I really don't like this type of food, but I was surprised how good it was. I am not sure if I would come back, but was happy to finally try this place.The special was squash blossom-That was crispy and great flavorsThe must have zucchini cakes-2 pieces and it was full of flavorGot the flat bread with some spreads and those were tasty, but pretty heavyI got the salmon with white corn and summer squash-the salmon was amazing. Cooked perfectly with full of flavor. The hubby got the rib eye steak-It was very yummy and cooked perfectly, but it might be too salty for some people. Maybe over seasoned. My friend got the lamb chops and said they were very good and her boyfriend got the special lamb-roasted lamb, but he didn't like it. He said it was dry and it tasted more like a stew then a roasted lamb.
This place seriously has the best greek food I've ever had. It's almost impossible to get in without a reservation, and even if you plan a week in advance you have to come either early or late usually for dinner, but it is SO GOOD! Our table had mostly seafood and veggie dishes, but we had several of the desserts too. Everything is flawlessly executed and seasoned.
A Rainy Evening Spacious RoomsWarm Lighting Gracious HostsBubbly Prosseco Blushing RosMaking ConversationA Feta SquarePolka Dot CapersA Dolma QuartetTangy Yogurt DollopA Bread BasketOlive Oil PoolHearty Lamb ChopsThick Crispy Potatoes Recommended Stew Goat and Cheesy OrzoToasted HazelnutsButtery Filo LayersHoney and Walnuts Baklava Nirvana
If you are coming here looking for Uncle Miklos's gyro and dolmatas, you will likely be disappointed. This is Greek and Med with a distinct California/Bay Area flair.Delicious spanikopita was the appetizer.The rotisserie Napa Valley spring lamb was fantastic, and they served a nice portion from the shank, the flank, and a rib. Very mild with the great smoky note rotisserie cooking can impart. This was served topped with arugula, and over Yukon gold potatoes, a side of rice pilaf, and it was all perfectly cooked.Fish choices were local Petrale sole, Mediterranean Sea Bass, and Mediterranean Sea Bream. My wife chose the sole grilled with greens and absolutely loved it, although my choice would have been the bream if I were eating fish that night. :)Waiter was very courteous, on time, and informative. He also had a backup which kept water filled and questions clarified. Glad we came here and would gladly return for our next trip to the Bay Area.
This is one of the best restaurants in the city. I had been wanting to try it for awhile, but I don't live close to area, so I as happy to make it in on a Thursday night. The food exceeded my expectations. I got the spiced lamb skewer, and at the risk of sounding cheesy, was in heaven. My boyfriend got a lamb shank and was impressed, as well. The wine list was great - as we're the appetizers. I could tell this place had great chefs who take pride in what they send out.The service was wonderful and we got a very friendly server. It is a large restaurant, but well managed - overall, a great atmosphere. I can't wait to go again. Be sure to call ahead for reservations, though, as it was still fairly packed into the night - understandably so. This place deserves all of the positive reviews it has gotten. I honestly can't think of anything I did not like.
Celebrated Dan's birthday - Perfect!Professional Staff, food is fantastic, perfect ambiance!Always a good dining experience.
Alright so I had been dying to go to Kokkari for the longest time now because of all the rave reviews and I enjoy eating Greek food quite a bit. So I make a reservation for one night and head over for a casual evening near the waterfront. This joint is located right next to 5A5 and the location itself is nice along with the actual restaurant dcor. The restaurant is spacious and has a view into the kitchen. The servers were very attentive and very friendly with even a manager coming over at one point to check and make sure that we had everything we needed. The menu and the vino list are very solid which I appreciated. We got a nice Pinot Noir and the servers were very helpful in choosing out a vino. We were not fully hungry so we decided to order two appetizers and one entre to split. We asked what was delicious and were recommended to order the grilled calamari and were told that there special that night which was the duck meatballs were better than the lamb ones so we should go for that. We then decided to split the lamb chops for our meal. The grilled calamari comes out first and it is stuffed with feta but for me the flavor was a bit overwhelming and it felt that they were trying to put too much feta into the actual calamari. The calamari was also a bit unevenly grilled so it had different tastes depending on which bite you got which seemed strange. The duck meatballs came out and the duck meat itself was delicious but there was too much breading surrounding the meatball itself which detracted from the flavor itself so this was a bit of a miss for me as well. I was semi disappointed by these two appetizers and was concerned about the main entre after eating these two. The lamb chops come out and these were just as awesome as everyone talks about. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly and delicious. I wish I had just ordered another entre and skipped the appetizer completely. All in all I am a bit confused by my experience of Kokkari because of all the rave reviews and I know I am not a Greek food expert but unfortunately this trip made me a bit uncertain if I would be back anytime soon. I thought the service and lamb chops were good but as the majority was underwhelming I am afraid that is what dings this review done.
Love the food especially the grilled lamb and octopus is the most.The place is too big and not personal for my taste though
My three coworkers and I walked in here for lunch at 1pm. Unfortunately, the only seats available were at the bar. Talking about awkwardness, we sat in between some old men oogling at us during our whole meal. I highly recommend waiting for a table because it is hard to carry a conversation in a linear seating. The food was good! I loved the Zucchini Cakes the most. It was crispy on the outside and the combination of flavors just hit the spot. We also had the fried smelt as appetizer and it was just as addicting as what the Pringles slogan says, "Once you pop, you can't stop". As my entree, I enjoyed the combination of the salted, well-cooked quail and the tangy spanakorizo (spinach and rice). The squirt of lemon gave it a little kick. The texture and consistency of the spanakorizo tasted similar to a paella. Two thumbs up.
Our server was very attended and friendly. Food was so good and I have been Greece 2 years ago. I felt like I am in Greece. Best Greek restaurant in Ca..
Came here on a Thurs afternoon for lunch with a reservation and the place was packed. The ambiance was nice and looks like a go-to place for many business lunches.The service and food were pretty good.Appetizers (note: portions are small):Squash-okZucchini cakes-yumPrawns-yumMain course:Halibut. Nicely grilled with a Mediterranean flair containing olives, artichoke and creamy lentil at the bottomDessert:Baklava ice cream-nice treat at the end, sweet and yummyThey have many lamb dishes, but the selection of non-lamb entrees is limited.
I went for a second time and brought a different friend, we both loved everything! I got the sea bass plate that they serve with chard. They had a seasonal beet salad and also a goat stew, which my friend said was amazing. The first time I went I tried the Saghanaki (fried cheese) but thought it was a bit salty. My friend really wanted to try it, but when paired with their bread + olive oil it was so delicious! It really took the focus on the saltiness. Our wonderful waiter, Michael, suggested the Galaktoboureko with ice cream and apricots for dessert. It just melted in my mouth.
Wow! Living in Europe I'm used to good Greek food. We went here for lunch with a dear friend the week before Christmas. I made reservations thru yelp's connect to open table. (I was mad that I lost a bunch of points last year because we lived in Germany) The place was packed. We came 45 min early. Lots of Christmas lunches. We all had a kir royal as aperitif. When we were seated we decided to just share a bunch of mezes (like tapas). The food was exquisite. The service was wonderful. They even had greek coffee and Varvaki Tsikoudia! It's a grappa like eau de vie from Crete. Yum-O!Really a 6 star establishment!
There are a few things about this place that weren't as Greek as i would've imagined. This is coming from a guy who grew up with amazing home cooked Greek food my whole life.1) Saganaki comes out on fire, always. If you don't do the flame for the table, it's not really saganaki.2) Expand a lil more on the Greek port wines. Would've liked to see Mavrodaphne on the wine menu, which is rather large. Also, Metaxa Ouzo is a staple Ouzo to carry. 3) If you ever eat at a Greek person's house, you will never be served only 3 lamb chops. You will get an entire rack of lamb, and not just three lil potato wedges. You'll get three spoonfuls of potatoes. Greek food = ridiculous portions.4) Add pastichio to the menu, seriously.5) meat quality was good, but lacked seasoning on the lamb.
Wow. Great food and service. My fish was fresh and melted in my mouth. Our waiter was knowledgable and attentive. Wine list good and all in all a wonderful experience.
On Friday night, my boyfriend brought me here as a surprise for my 30th birthday (woo 30!) Kokkari has been on my list ever since I moved to SF four years ago. Greek is hands down my favorite cuisine and I could eat it all day every day.When we pulled up to Kokkari Friday night I was beside myself that we were finally going to get to try this incredible place. The restaurant was bustling with people when we went inside. We had a reservation for 9:45 and were seated right away. Our wonderful waiter came over to greet us with a bottle of champagne that my best friend had ordered for us ahead of time. As he opened the champagne, he offered a wide variety of recommendations with regard to the small plates as well as the entres.Before I list everything we ordered I must say that we ordered way too much food for two people but everything was spectacular and I would not have had it any other way. To start we ordered several small plates to share- the Aginares Souvlaki (grilled artichoke & eggplant skewers), Octapodaki tou Yiorgou (grilled octopus), Soutzoukakia (grilled lamb meatballs), and the Tirosalata with housemade grilled pita. Everything was so good. The eggplant was out of this world and the Tirosalata was so unique and flavorful, I could have made a meal off of it. For our entrees, I ordered the traditional grilled whole fish (sole) and the bf had the lamb chops. Both were super flavorful and seasoned perfectly.With full bellies, we decided it was best to split a dessert, which we didn't need but decided, hey, we're celebrating so why not?! RIght?! Right. We settled on the Galaktoboureko which was the perfect ending to such a delicious meal. When our waiter brought it out to us, there was a candle in it and 'happy birthday Emily' written in chocolate. I was beaming from ear to ear.I do believe that Kokkari is now my favorite restaurant in San Francisco and I'm already looking forward to many return visits.
so good like omg
Excellent food and the service is top notch. Not exactly true to the Greek recipes and they serve french bread instead of Pita. If you want pita you have to order it with humus or another dip. hence the 4 star rating. The food is off the hook though. haven't made it past the appetizers to try any entrees but if you order Tapas style and share, you can't go wrong. Everything i have tried so good.
Hands-down the best Greek / Mediterranean restaurant in San Francisco. Think if you want a fancy Greek / Mediterranean fare, you got to come here.The restaurant is really large with a couple of fancy private dining rooms. Great for large family gatherings or business lunch / dinner. This place is also great for dates. The service is really attentive. The zucchini cakes were fantastic- I had never had it before and I think I devoured two to three of them!I also had one of the lamb dishes and it was heaven! So juicy and tender. And the leftovers were just as good the next day.
I've never thought Greek food would be that tasty! The watermelon salad was good, and I had the most delicious moussaka I've ever had, it's heavy though, come hungry!
Been here quite a few times including 3 times this year and so far it has not disappointed. The interior has a wonderful rustic ambience that feels very welcoming. The wait staff is knowledgeable and attentive. Recommend the Zucchini Cakes which are awesome here and Lamb Chops. Desserts are great too if you still have room ;)I also recommend to those that shy away from lamb. Try it!
I had the wonderful opporunuty to eat here last summer.  I was new to San Fran and it was one of the first restaurants my guy took me to.  O my, I swear it was one of the very best meals I have ever had. I look forward to the day I go back there to eat again!
This is by far the best Greek Restaurant that I have ever dined at. The restaurant is cavernous! It seems to go on for ages, but despite it's size, it is still extremely warm and cozy. There is a rotisserie in the center of the dining room with special roasting meats that have been marinated in Greek herbs and seasonings. Every plate that I glanced at on the way to our table was colorful and gorgeous.For an appetizer, we ordered the daily special lamb filled dolmathes; they were delicious and the perfect start to the meal. I had the daily rotisserie, which was actually Peking Duck. I had never seen such a thing on a Greek food menu, but it was perfectly juicy and flavorful. For dessert, we ordered the baklava, which was great, but the Kataifi was out of this world!The entire experience was wonderful, and I would say this is a must do in San Francisco!
Far and away the best lamb chops I've ever had, not to mention fantastic service. I also highly recommend the lamb meatballs as an appetizer and the baklava for dessert.
Served by a delightful brunette waitress with long hair on the evening of 7/21/14. She provided great menu suggestions and was very attentive. Every single dish that arrived was sublime. Such a wonderful dining experience and I hope to be back in San Fran soon to enjoy the food again.
By far the best Greek restrauants in sf .The food here is amazing, it melts in your mouth I've come here for 4 years and my favorite is the mousakka.  The service was amazing Demitri one of the managers amazing. It was my brothes birthday he treated us like royalty. Hasn't been a single time that food wasn't amazing. Totally recommend this Kokkari!!! You def. need to make reservations at least in advance.
I have eaten her on two very important occasions, and each have been perfect and memorable. Not only is the food delicious, but the atmosphere makes your stay so warm and inviting. On my most recent trip to Kokkari, our lunch waiter was fantastic. He knew the wine list very well, and gave us good advice on the wines that would match our meals. I had the Chicken Souvlaki, which was divine. Each part of the meal complimented each other very well, and the colors and flavors were perfect. Favorite appetizers are the Kalamata Pita and the Zucchini Cakes. A book was recently published called Kokkari: Contemporary Greek Flavors where they discuss traditional Greek dishes and teach you how to make them in your own home. They have a copy you can flip through while you wait to be seated, and it is also sold online.
I shall summarize the preceding 2406 reviews with the following statement:They got their shit together and it's on point.
Fresh apricot salad followed by a few salad and seafood dishes. The lunch scene was nice and mellow, the service impeccable and the freshness of the food, impressive. I think Kokkari may just be my new favorite SF restaurant. Now, can they open a cheaper version of Kokkari for all of us who cannot afford to dine here daily?
OMG! This place is so great! The food is superb. Servers are friendly, professional, and extremely accommodating. The restaurant itself is comfortable , lively and inviting. The wine selection is fantastic. Had a bottle of '12 Robert Biale Zinfendel...so smooth and tasty. Started with the crispy zucchini cakes with mint and cucumber yogurt. Everything about this dish is perfect. From the warm crispy cake filled with soft zucchini to the cold refreshing Cuc/mint yogurt you top it with. The Greek salad was fresh and vibrant. Shared the lamb chops and goat stew for dinner. Lamb chops are cooked perfectly and have a bright flavor of spices and lemon and are accompanied by 3 delicious oversized potato wedges. The goat stew is insane. The flavors are so warm and comforting it makes you keep coming back for more and more and more. It literally melts in your mouth! For dessert we had a piece of heaven. It was crispy shredded phyllo dough coated in honey topped with custard, then panna cotta then crushed pistachios. Insane!!! So rich but light and fluffy. Even if you're too full for dessert...order this! You won't regret it!
I don't think I've had better lamb chops in my life than those from Kokkari! medium rare, perfectly seasoned and cooked. And the potatoes are marvelous... I dont know how they do it! It's like crunchy on the outside yet soft on the inside... yet zesty tasting. DEFINITELY COMING BACK..... when I can drag some foodie friends along!The ambiance is perfect for long dinner conversations because the seats are super comfortable. The soft lighting puts me right into a food coma after desserts though.... not complaining whatsoever.
Seasonal fava bean tempura was genius. We were also impressed by staff who knew how to pronounce all of the long Greek names of dishes. Seating is very comfortable, and the place looks classic. Jeff was very nice.
The food was excellent. Had several starters and each was superb. The three star rating is for the staff. They were very pretentious and condescending. They treated me different because of my accent and it was very apparent. They tried to make me feel like I wasn't good enough to be there. It was so glaring my wife almost snapped. If you go I hope you don't get the old guy with a thick Greek accent. One of my all time worst waiters
A wonderful place to eat Greek food.Always full. Reservations are a must.Nice atmosphere to have a drink, if you find a place by the bar~
I loved everything about Kokkari. Came in for lunch on my recent visit to SF. I found it after Yelping some restaurants close to our hotel, and am so glad we gave it a try. Everything we ate was delicious. They have a decently large menu of Greek/Mediterranean dishes. To start, we shared the watermelon and feta salad, followed by the grilled octopus, which was recommended by our waitress. The watermelon salad was so fresh, and the octopus was cooked perfectly with great excellent flavor and consistency (not chewy at all). I loved the chicken souvlaki which came with some salad, grilled vegetables, and couscous. My date enjoyed his lamb burger and fries as well. The desserts sounded amazing, but unfortunately we were too stuffed to try them due do the bread and olive oil we'd had before our meal (multiple bread baskets). The atmosphere is warm and inviting, could have sat here for hours. Attentive and friendly service. The crowd looked to be a mix of business people, tourists, and locals enjoying a relaxing lunch.
Great ambiance, service and food as expected! The whole staff was extremely helpful and the moussaka is by far the best thing I've tried.
Made reservations & changed them more the once last minuet & they were very accommodating. Showed up for lunch and was seated immediately. Place was loud, a bit too loud for a business meeting for my preference. Tried a variety of appetizers, zucchini cakes being my favorite. Steak skewers were the special of the day, and were a hit at my table. I had the moussaka and loved it. Very different then any other moussaka I have tried. It stayed extremely hot so be careful when taking a bite.
Not an occasion that Kokkari can't satisfy, from an after-work glass of champagne and a plate lamb riblets best enjoyed at the bar to a private sit-down feast with your ten bests.Book ahead and you can reserve the space downstairs for an intimate dinner party. Last minute? Cozy up to the bar. Wherever you end up, the lamb shank with orzo and myzithra is not to be missed and the whole grilled fish is always phenomenal and satisfies the attempt to be healthier in the Greek Gods temple of indulgence. Don't kid yourself though, this is no place to worry about your diet. Have a glass of wine while you're at it and order that appetizer you were eyeing. It will be *that* good. And, heck, you can always take home your leftover lamb moussaka.When it seems every other restaurant is trying to impress you with science in the kitchen, tweezer-placed garnishes, and the latest in food trends, Kokkari sticks to what it does best, sticks to its roots. Service is consistently professional and pleasant and the food leaves nothing to be desired.
Great ambience but a little surprised by the hostess- (diner-esque attitude, "just wait over there miss"). Food was so-so but still enjoyable. Huge portions which may sound like a plus to some but I was expecting (and prefer) smaller quantities of better quality food. Attentive service although she took my almost $7 bottle of San Pellegrino half-full and returned with a new full bottle, then charged me for the 2 bottles. It was freezing in the restaurant, despite the warm atmosphere and rotisserie fire. I had to put my coat on throughout dinner which never feels relaxed. I ordered the grilled octopus- seasoned well but a few pieces were not cooked properly and were almost gooey. House salad, nothing to write home about and the braised lamb shank was tasty although not melt in your mouth as I would expect from this level of a Greek restaurant. The presentation on the lamb was not appetizing sitting on orzo with a bland sauce.
Birthday dinner with my fianc it was romantic and delicious and a total experience in this type of cuisine that I've never experienced before. Highly recommend this place. We did have to wait for our table despite the reservation though which I didn't enjoy. I didn't even mind that they sat us near the door although next time I'd prefer something a bit more secluded and not near the long line of people crowded into the entry way and bar area.
Great place. The only reason it's not a 5 star for me is that the main courses were not that great when compared to the small plates. Yummy fried cheese, savory and intense lamb meatballs, soft pita bread. The lamb riblets were divine. We also had the peach salad, it was perfect. For main dishes we ordered the petrale sole, spiced lamb pie and the lamb shank. First, no side veggies. I get it - but a little green makes me feel better. The fish was wonderfully cooked, good flavor but not a knock your socks off experience. The spiced lamb pie (with eggplant and potato) was good, but not something that I'd want to eat more of than a few bites. And the lamb shank - it was cooked perfectly, but the seasonings didnt compliment the cut of meat. Should have ordered the lamb chops. Next time, I'll order only the small plates and a salad. Comfortable dinning room, not too loud, great wines, and the staff was perfect. Absolutely perfect.
Went with friends who were in town for a conference, I would highly recommend this restaurant and it is about a 20 minute walk from the major hotels in downtown San Francisco. The atmosphere, open air windows and views of the neighborhood were best but it was a really nice atmosphere. The service was excellent, the waitress bright, attentive, and knowledgeable.Appetizers are excellent, can't miss with any of them really. Beginning with an excellent Pinot Noir from the Russian River Valley, the best I have ever had--a good selection. Several of us had the Brazino another the sole, another the lamb roasting all day on a spit, and slouvaki (very large skewer of lamb and vegetables). The meat eaters all agreed the latter was the tastiest but none of us left one bit of our food. It was just great. The servings are a good size and with the appetizers, we had not room for dessert. I will remember this place for a long time.
3.5 starsCame here for lunch and ordered the rotisserie half-chicken (friday's lunch special), grilled octopus salad, and a greek salad. All the dishes were delicious. For dessert, we had the pomegranate ouzo sorbet and the rice pudding. The sorbet was good (esp. if you love licorice), but the rice pudding was bad. The consistency of the rice pudding was very gloppy and the poached pear was really tough and overly sweet. Service was ok. The crowd here for lunch seemed mostly people over 50 who wore suits. My date and I are in our 20s and were dressed casually- our waiter said "i'm guessing ice water is enough?" right when we sat down. This seemed presumptuous, and was an upsetting way to start the meal.
I left San Francisco a week ago and I still can't stop thinking or talking about Kokkari! I was fortunate enough to hear about this place in time to snag a table for 2 at lunch on our only free afternoon in SF. We had just had a ginormous breakfast and walked for hours to make room for lunch here. When we arrived to this lovely and welcoming restaurant, we were still not hungry, so when our waiter came to take our orders we kept it super light and were really bummed about coming all the way here and not going full throttle. We ordered dolmas to start and I chose the vegetable souvlaki and my pal the octopus salad. While we waited, we sat at a lovely table for 2 in super comfy chairs and took in the view of the 2 roasting lambs in the fireplace/pit and sipped a French Ros and a Santorini white wine. There were lots of men wearing monogrammed shirts and cufflinks inking deals and schmoozing clients. Music played lightly, and conversations around us were lively but not obnoxious. The lighting was warm and cozy and the decor was mediterrenean, relaxed and pleasing. Our food arrived and it was beautifully presented. Truth be told, I was not expecting much from a simple vegetarian kebab, but as Justin N said, it was "CONFUSINGLY FLAVORFUL". Artichoke, red peppers, eggplant and red onion. That was it. But it was wonderful! It came with picked onions, yogurt w a red pepper sauce, pickled cucumbers, mint and the most delicious and perfectly seasoned roasted tomato I've ever tasted! I was so satisfied that I didn't even touch the thick slices of pita on my plate. My friend was very happy with his octopus salad and the dolmas were very good too. The service was friendly and thoughtful. And despite our super casual tourist attire, every person that engaged us was top notch!Even though we did not get to partake in their "trademark" dishes, based on our lunch experience, I absolutely plan on returning to Kokkari the next time I'm in San Francisco and would recommend it to anyone*! *with good taste
I visit SF every month for work and always excited about exploring new restaurants. This trip in particular every client I met with mentioned that I must visit Kokkari. When. I checked out the menu and saw they had octopus I knew for sure I wanted to visit. So I decided to go last night and sit at the bar for dinner. I started with the zucchini cakes which were delicious. Very light with cucumber and Greek yogurt. Then I had the octopus which was amazing. Simply grilled with EVO and lemon. I also had the Greek salad which was the least impressive it lacked flavor. The only disappointment that I had was the bar staff. They were completely inattentive which was huge disappointment. This happened from the moment I sat down I was constantly trying to get their attention.
Delicious! Went for lunch and loved it all!
Average experience. Two suggestions:1) Order a lot of appetizers instead of an entree. The main dishes are meh. I had some sort of creamy pie thing and my date had chicken and veggies... both okay at best. Share the octopus, eggplant and lamb apps instead. They are tasty bits worth sampling.2) Be weary of the waiters. Our server refused to give us an order of meatballs because we already had three appetizers on the table. He also refused to serve us a certain dessert because he thought the others were better. I thought he was joking at first but he was not. Loser.Hotel lobby ambiance, weirdo waiters and average entrees. Does it deserve all this Yelp praise? Maybe not, but if you stick to the appetizers and get a sane waiter, you'll probably enjoy it.
Oh My God, their food is so good, service exemplary, and prices are terrific for the combination. Best lamb kabobs I have EVER eaten. Beautifully and tastefully furnished restaurant. Definitely a place to go to when someone waves the company credit card and says, "Where do you want to go to lunch?"
Wow! During a recent trip to visit colleges in the region with my family I wanted to go to a special and different restaurant while staying in San Francisco. In order to get a reservation we booked 1 month in advance - probably the longest I've ever booked a restaurant. And Kokkari did not disappoint - the food was extraordinary and the service was smart, friendly, knowledgeable, smiling - it was fantastic. We enjoyed sharing several appetizers, had meals with lamb and chicken - and because that was so good we stayed for desert. It was a night to remember - and we really enjoyed sitting near the front of the restaurant with great atmosphere. Thanks.
Nice ambience, but the food was disappointing. I have had better Greek food in three other states.
Wonderful food, great wine list, excellent service and ambiance. The menu is a nice change of pace, too. In my most recent visit I got lucky and was seated with a view of a huge fireplace with ??? roasting on a spit. Apropos for a business or romantic dinner. Never been disappointed here.
The food is fantastic and often inspires me to be adventurous and taking a risk hasn't failed me yet. What stands out most to me at Kokkari is the fantastic service. Attentive staff that move at just the right pace so you don't feel rushed and can enjoy your fantastic meal and good conversation. The only complaint I have is that it is too hard to get a reservation, but that is because others appreciate it as much as I do!
The wine list is impressive and the food was very good. We had the zucchini cakes and grilled octopus to start with. Both were prepared as they should be. It's common to get stuck with tough and chewy octopus in which one may think is the norm because you've never had it any other way. Stop eating octopus from some random. You must have it here. I had the grilled lamb chops for my entree and will get it again when I return.I was almost too full for dessert but when I saw the Baklava and Baklava ice cream, I had to order it. My mom makes Baklava and I hadn't found a place that's made better, until now. It's got just the right amount of nuts/pastry/syrup ratio. LOVED IT!Lastly, our service was excellent and the ambience was great. Thanks for the nice lunch break!
We visited Kokkari for the first time on Sunday, 10/6/13 after seeing that it was a top pick for food, ambiance and service in the just released Zagat 2014. It delivered! We agreed with Zagat. We had a great meal, great service and the restaurant is beautiful! It definitely is the most gorgeous Greek restaurant we've been to.We enjoyed two great appetizers and the lamb chops. The only place we felt we took a misstep was by ordering the Moussaka, something we enjoy very much at our favorite Greek restaurant in Davis, CA, but didn't care for here. Here it was basically a bowl of chopped lamb with a very thin layer of the custard on top. We will return and know to stick to the lamb chops or the whole fish which our neighbor was eating and looked amazing!
My awesome bf took me here for my birthday. It was a really wonderful dining experience as the food was delicious and worth every penny. Appy - Kalamata Pita - flatbread with Kalamata olives, tomato, caramelized onion & myzithra. VERY goodEntrees - I got Mosharisia Brizola - charcoal-grilled, dry-aged rib-eye with braised greens & Kokkari potatoes. I had no idea this was HUGE. I mean the size of my head. Had to pack leftovers and had a full lunch the next day. haha. But, amazing. Really good. BF got Kokinisto me Manestra- aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra cheese. I don't eat lamb, but he said it was one of the best he's had. Thanks for a great bday, Kokkari!
We were told that this place is pretty awesome for a fancy dinner, and I completely agree. We got reservations for 5 girls on Open Table, and it we were there for 3 hours, eating drinking, and toasting our hearts out. Great night. APPETIZERSWood Oven Roasted Prawns - with tomato sauce & feta cheese - $12.75Small dish, but the shrimp is good. Not my favorite appetizer though. Grilled Octopus - with lemon, oregano & olive oil - $12.75Surprisingly good. The charred octopus is very tasty. Grilled Meatballs - with spiced tomato sauce & Greek yogurt - $8.5Meatballs are delicious. Would taste great with a pasta but these were appetizers so we each had a meatball. Cheese - I can't remember which one it is, but it was a thick slice of cheese Wonderful with bread. ENTREESWhole Fish - traditionally grilled with braised greens, lemon & Cretan olive oil - AQMy favorite dish of the night. The fish is beautifully laid out, light and fluffy. Grilled Lamb Chops - with lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes - $27.5Nicely cooked and it came off the bone fairly easily. Very good flavoring on the meat as well. Kotopoula Souvlas, rotisserie roasted half chicken with lemon, oregano potatoes. Simple and delicious. The chicken is tender and the lemon was drizzled on top when it was served. This was the special for Fridays. DESSERTGalaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with quince spoon sweet & pistachio ice cream - $8  Loved this dish. The pistachio ice cream is light and wonderful. The filo is also very light and delicious. Baklava - traditional walnut & honey baklava with vanilla-praline ice cream - $9Not as fluffy as I liked but still good. Little too much on the sweet side but it may have just been too much honey. Milo Furnisto - baked cinnamon & walnut stuffed apple with masticha gelato - $8Least favorite dessert. Too sweet for me and the apple was so full of sweets I stopped eating. The ice cream is wonderful though. ALCOHOLThe winner in alcoholic drinks is this mix of vodka and orange. I'll have to get the name, but it was a bartender special when we asked them for a cocktail with vodka. We each had at least 2 of these. SO GOOD.Glasses of wine run about $9-12. Pretty good tolosa pinot noir. SERVICEVery on point and attentive.RESTROOMYou have to go through the kitchen hallway, down the elevators, down another hall, past the private room, and into the black hole to get there. Funny thing, the chefs can tell you are looking for the bathroom and point the way.
My brother and I put substantial effort into researching our dinner options for our recent trip to San Francisco. While doing so, he decided to consult Yelp for the top, overall restaurants in the city and came across Kokkari Estiatorio. The Greek taverna had one of the highest ratings on the site and had achieved this feat with a substantial number of validating reviews. We immediately booked our table weeks in advance to ensure that we did not miss out on the fabulous spot. As we entered the sprawling, rustic dining establishment, we were overwhelmed by the packed tables and crowded bar, thankful that we had the good sense to confirm our space ahead of time. While elegant and modern, the restaurant had a real country feel with sturdy wooden tables, heavily cushioned chairs, and a large fireplace adorned with chickens roasting over the open fire. Floor lamps were positioned next to every seating area, which created an intimate feel for each party. The large rear dining room was even blessed with a view of the busy open kitchen. A secretive elevator whisked patrons down to a dark lair where the restrooms were. Each element of the decor had been strategically composed.Back at our little cozy dining area, we were served some doughy bread with authentic dipping oil and a bowl of briny olives. We began our meal with a fresh Greek salad and a unique dish of Grilled Calamari stuffed with feta, fennel, and orange. The flavorful squid rings were filled with this creamy, tart blend and served with a side of black olives.After our fabulous starters, my brother opted for the Lemon-Oregano Chicken, which was topped with fresh spring onions and served with roasted potatoes. The chicken was extremely tender and moist. The whole plate was rustic and comfortingly home-style. I ordered a large fillet of pan-roasted Pacific Halibut, which was lightly seasoned, bringing out the true flavor of the fish. The fabulous daily special was served with brilliantly green peas and asparagus. The plate was a true balance of land and sea simplicity.Kokkari Estiatorio might have had a lively bar-scene full of trendsetting professionals, but the food was rustic and traditional. A dinner there was truly an experience of both passionate cooking and exciting atmosphere.
We went on a company party and we saw Woody Allen dining there too. The restaurant was busy, kind of reminded me of hustle and bustle of the SF city life! We started of with Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata Or Elaiosalata with housemade grilled pita. Tzatziki sauce was nice but the best was their brown hummus like paste. Dolmathes grape leaves stuffed with rice, dill & mint was the best too. It was a perfect blend of taste and seasoning. Spanakotiropita traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill was nicely done too! Hot, crispy, flaky skin and a very nice, simple seasoned inner goodness. Zucchini Cakes with cucumber & mint yogurt dressing was really, really delish! It was shaped like a crab cake, and on top it has white yogurt sauce and more small slices of cucumber, a very nice touch. Grilled Octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil was not as good as I expected. I do like the charcoal grill taste of the outside but it was not as crunchy and the temperature was cold. Grilled Meatballs spiced tomato sauce & greek yogurt was not bad but not spectacular either. Greek Salad of tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, red onion, feta, oregano & olives was not good at all. It was really different than what we had in Greece. Whole Fish traditionally grilled with braised greens, lemon & cretan olive oil was done very well! The outer skin was a bit crispy and the inside was tender, melt in your mouth sensation. It has a simple wrapped lemon with ribbon that you can squish, excellent! Chicken Souvlaki yogurt marinated chicken skewer with peppers, onion with romaine salad tzatziki & pita had chicken breast. Although I loved the charcoal taste, I don't think it was as tender as I typically find in like Indonesian chicken satay for example. Grilled Lamb Chops with lemon-oregano vinaigrette & kokkari potatoes was ok. Wild green and oven roasted asparagus was just ok. Even though it was perfectly pink, it still was a bit tough. The sea salt seasoning was perfect tho! The potatoes was big steak cut potatoes, nothing special. For dessert, Yiaourti Me Meli greek yogurt with spiced walnuts & dates drizzled with marshall's honey has a pleasant surprise of flavor! It was sweet, light, tangy and a lot of different texture to tantelize your taste bud! The other one was Layered tart if phillo, custard, pistachio. This was like a Greek cheesecake. The top was a light soft cream cheese and the bottom crust was like a crispy nest, divine! Overall, it was very well executed and well done! For next visit, I would like to try their Moussaka, goat stew, lamb riblet and Galaktoboureko.
Wow.Upon first bite, this place quickly rose to the top of my list of all-time favorites.The food is outstanding. The lamb was succulent, the potatoes scrumptious, and the service impeccable. Thank you Kokkari for opening my eyes to a whole new world of Greek/Mediterranean food.Cannot wait for my next visit.
Uhhh....won't even get into details, but I just called to make a reservation and the girl I spoke to was a total b*tch. So so rude. Can't believe her phone presence as a reservationist! We won't ever be going here just on principle.
Loved Kokkari! i was with a graduation party of 10Great Service The cucumber mint yogurt is so amazing on the Zucchini cakes.Try the calamari and smelt to its all so goodi had the lamb skewer so tender and delicious a New sf Favorite
Came here with some girlfriends to celebrate an engagement and it was really a lovely dinner. The front of house were all very friendly and the restaurant was really beautful. It was rustic and cozy. Our server, Gavin, was charming and offered many suggestions off of the menu. We ordered the grilled octopus, calamari, kalamata pita and the Saghanaki. All of which were delicious. I was particularly fond of the Pita and grilled Calamari which had so much flavor. All of the girls dined on the Lamb Chops for their entree and I ordered the Sole which I had filleted in the back. Everything was full of fresh flavor and just melted in your mouth. The desserts were divine and we ordered a selection of goodies, most of them were specials and all were light and airy. I stayed clear of the chocolate, but the girls seemed to really enjoy it. Finished with a cappucino and greek coffee. I would enjoy coming here for just drinks and appetizers. Everything was worth sharing, we definitely created our own tasting menu and it was a lovely experience.I appreciate the hard work that goes into a dinner service and the chef and his cooks should all be complimented! Bravo.
While in town on our way to Hawaii we decided to go into downtown and try something different. We found this restaurant to have great reviews and headed that way. When we arrived we found that calling ahead was recommended because they were booked for the night. The lady at the front was sweet and professional. She told us the bar was first come. So we waited by the bar and ordered a bottle of wine. The bartender was helpful and outgoing. He helped us to snag a seat quickly and proceeded to ensure we were comfortable throughout the dining experience. A gentlemen explained the specials and we ordered the pork chop and while fish. It was delicious and when we finish building our home in half moon bay we will be sure to come back.
It doesn't get much better being a non-decision-maker at a business lunch! We were generously taken out by a business partner and I couldn't have been happier.Wine at lunch? Yes! In a fit of indecision I just went with a glass of the house white - a good decision. (Just one though, let's not overdo it)For an appetizer we split the saghanaki - basically delicious fried cheese. If you think about it, getting a slab of fried cheese at a nice restaurant is pretty ridiculous, but just go with the flow.I ordered one of the specials of the day, a grilled petrale sole. Man, this is the best cooked fish I have ever had. It is the simplest thing - grilled, with olive oil and a squeeze of lemon. How did they make it so delicious? No idea!After eating an entire fish, though, I had no room for dessert. Such a loss!
I came to Kokkari Estiatorio for a family event. We booked in advance because unless you want to eat dinner at 5 PM or 9:30 PM, you should make reservations early. If you don't see a time online, I recommend that you call for reservations.As I walked inside the very, VERY (yes emphasis on the very), crowded restaurant, you are greeted with dcor that reminded me of a Greek museum. The restaurant is very large (probably to be able to cater the millions of people inside the place). There is a huge fireplace, open kitchen, and wooden furnishings. However, when the food came I didn't know what the big deal was. For all the great attention this restaurant receives, It wasn't anything special. Yes, the service was great but the food was mediocre. It was fresh and tasty but not amazing. It was typical Mediterranean food that was overpriced. As of Greek origin myself, I was exposed to authentic Mediterranean food at a very young age. Both parents being born and raised in Greece, Kokkari was a disappointment. I don't think this place is authentic whatsoever. I don't think I will be back. It honestly isn't worth the booking trouble, drunk crowds, or experience.
Very nice restaurant, great background music, lighting, and ambiance. The waitress was very knowledgable and took the time to elaborate on many menu items. We tried the moussaka and the zucchini cakes. Their food was amazing, very unique and nice combination of ingredients, with great taste. Their bread was not their strength, but overall a unique experience and a must go in SF. Satisfaction gauranteed!
Now I know what all the hype is about! Beautiful restaurant with rustic, Greek decor and delicious food to boot! All I have to say is, get the lamb chops! Best I've ever had and that is no exaggeration! Husband had the rib-eye which was lightly seasoned, Greek style - so delicious. We both finish every last bite and were picking at the bones for more :) We also had the lamb tongue app special - neither of us are big organ eaters, but the waiter highly recommended them and, luckily, we took his word for it - we were both surprised by how good they were! Good sized portions. Also includes potato wedges with the entrees which were a great compliment to our meat. Will certainly return on our next visit to San Fran.
We started with the zucchini cakes appetizer and avogolemono soup, both of which were very good. My wife's lamb chops were the best she's ever had. She couldn't stop raving about them! I got some sort of ravioli with mushrooms, feta, and asparagus that was just OK. Our server was incredibly friendly and the service was a good speed. The atmosphere was nice, although it was awkward with our table uncomfortably close to another couple's.
This place is bomb.I followed the suggestions on yelp, and they were all right on. For example the octopus. I don't even like octopus, but here, it was so tender and flavorful. My palate was wowed for sure.
got food poisoningnot sure if it was the speck or the lamb rotisserie special, grilled calamari or feta but it's our 10 year anniversary dinner today and had to cancel our gary danko reservations bc i've been having nausea and vomiting all night and day.my husband did not get sick so i'm guessing it's the speck. i have literally been in bed all day and night and we leave sunday.
The service here is impeccable. I love the appetizers and think that they yield a better selection than the entrees. Spanakotirapita, lamb meatballs, and dolmathes are not to miss! The traditional egg-lemon soup (avgolemono) with chicken is so flavorful and perfect to share - must try.The flourless chocolate cake is DIVINE. :)
There's a reason this place has thousands of reviews and a 4 1/2 star rating. Where to start...    First of all being a Greek American I fully appreciate a non mom and pop Greek restaurant that delivers an outstanding meal. To be less succinct the only time I have ever eaten really authentic/delicious Greek food is at the smaller venues. Kokkari is not a small venue. It's ambience is for a lack of hyperbole ... Great. From the Lamb on the spit roasting in the fire to the Greek coffee cooked in the hot sand it's a great scene.  Food: awesomeDrinks: n/a hungoverService: very goodChance of repeat visits: high Price: completely reasonable for quality
There is a reason this place is hard to get into. The food is fantastic, really cool Tuscan/Mediterranean environment, the service is friendly, and the prices are reasonable. 5 Whoofs
It has been a pricey food week so far and its only Tuesday. Sigh, at least the food has been worth it.Went to Kokkari on Sunday for dinner as one of my besties was flying in from Seattle and I was at work so the proximately was ideal for me. I didn't realize that they shared 80% of the same menu as their sister restaurant, Evvia, in Palo Alto. I loved Evvia so I knew I wouldn't be disappointed here.Favorites include: the grilled artichoke and eggplant appetizer, the eggplant and taziki spreads with pita, the lamb chops (didn't try this myself but was raved about by 2 of my friends), and the grilled octopus (again didn't try this myself but was raved about by 2 of my friends). I actually didn't enjoy the zucchini cakes all that much though I know everyone loves them.I had a glass of Sigalas, Santorini '10 and LOVED it. It is their most popular Greek wine and I totally see why. If you feel like wine, definitely get a glass of this.The only thing that holds me back from giving this 5 stars is 1. the temperature controls, it was very warm the whole time we were there and 2. while there are great vegetarian appetizers, they are very limited in terms of mains. I ended up ordering enough appetizers to make a meal.
This restaurant has amazing service and food! Our waitress was incredibly knowledgeable, especially in regards to me having to eat gluten free and vegetarian. There are plenty of vegetarian / gluten free options that are just as outstanding as all of the other options. As someone who was just in San Francisco for three days, I am so happy that one of my meals was at Kokkari!
One of the best restaurants in town - ambiance, food, service are excellent. Decor will bring you to a Greek mansion dining hall, with its tall ceiling, ample tables, and wooden beams. Service is what you would expect for this class of restaurant, punctual, discrete and professional.Food is just amazing, I tried grilled octopus, pan seared cheese, oven roasted prawns and lamb chops (superb!). Can't really say anything else rather than recommending it without any exceptions.
zucchini cakes. grilled octopus. roasted squash. meatballs. whole fish. moussaka. roast of the day.. galaktoboureko for dessert.do it. eat it all. you won't regret it.**the roast goose around christmas was amazing and made me feel like a character from a charles dickens book. the furniture and decor is warm and cozy and the fire place just adds to the charm.
The bartender was rude and looked at us with disdain when we asked for wines by the glass. Table service was not genuine; they're very packed and want to rush the experience. Taste was just ok. Do get the Lamb chops. Do not get the Moussaka as it's very sweet.
What is there not to like?I don't even really know what to say that hasn't already been said, so I'll keep it simple:For a nice dinner out - Kokkari all the way.
Kokkari is my favorite fine dining place in San Francisco. Ambiance was elegant but not stiff; service was great; and the food was top notch.We had grilled lamb riblets to start which were fantastic. We also had a special lamb entree (all the pieces) which I'd recommend if you see it that day but we also got a more unusual dish -- Moussaka, which was a casserole of spiced lamb, eggplant, potato & yogurt. This last dish was real special and I'd recommend it to anyone who hasn't tried it before.
Wonderful restaurant. Our server was Jillian. Ask for her!!! Had the grilled lamb skewer and the octopus for an appetizer. Just fantastic well prepared food. The atmosphere is warm and inviting, and the service - including Victor our busser was amazing.  Best meal in a long time!!
This place is fantastic and definitely worth the rave it gets as one of the trendiest restaurants in San Francisco!The service was top notch as a baseline. We were seated quickly; our drinks came soon after and the waitress was friendly, engaging and very insightful. We asked for suggestions for our meal and were told a common tactic to navigate this menu was to order a score of smaller plates and share a larger plate. We decided to go with three appetizers and one main dish. We had the grilled octopus, per the waitress's suggestion, the oven-roasted brussels sprouts and the much raved about zucchini cakes. The sprouts were spritzed with some lemon, and they were cooked very well. Some pieces had a nice little char taste to them balancing out the brussel-ey taste that's common. They held together well, not being overly-mushy and were much sweeter than the average cabbage. The octopus was rather disappointing as the waitress had trumpted them pretty strongly. They were still chewy and I felt as if they were under-cooked a bit. (The waitress comp'ed them cause she felt bad which was a wonderful move.) The zucchini cakes deserve all the praise they've gotten on yelp. A deep fried veggie often has the tendency to get soggy, but these cakes were refreshing and packed with flavor on the inside, while crispy on the outside. It was well complemented with the thick yogurt dressing to cut through some of the potential oiliness of the shell. It was my favorite part of the meal.For the main, we shared the three lamb chops. They were cooked perfectly to order, seasoned just right. It was juicy and delectable, not at all tough. The oregano and lemon seasoning combination was a great companion. And the potato wedges were a surprisingly impressive starch. They were definitely fresh-cut, and had a healthy amount of salt, which appealed to my taste palate. I will definitely return in the future, but I want to try out their fish entrees. What won't change next time, is the zucchini cakes--those were bomb.
This review is not about the food but rather about the service and how they can treat people if you god forbid don't have reservations. It was my Birthday and I had reservations for 5pm sat night. I called and asked for later time and they said if you come in and wait by the bar there is a good chance we can secure you 4 seats. I had my husband and my two children and we went in put our name down and paid for Valet and drinks and waited patiently. after 30 min the asst. manage a lady with long black hair came over and said it a good possibility that we could give you a table. at that point my kids were hungry and cranky and they could not take it. after 15 min. I went up to the manger myself and asked him to please give us a seat and that we have been here for 45 min. he said O.K. I am aware of that let me see. Ten min. later he comes to us in a very rude and narcissist manner tells us to leave and stop keeping your hopes up! We never promised anything and you better leave. O.K. is this the way you treat a family that has such interest in your business that waits an hour with two kids just to eat there! I will never set my foot there if that is the treatment I get. Disgusting and ungrateful.
Mmmm...roast squid stuffed with feta...Baked cheese is really salty.Everything feels very comfort-food-y and authentic! Love Greek food.Very, very long wait.
Kokkari, I came back for you. You were there to kick start our big girls night out.Parking was a breeze during dinner on the weekend. Our two cars had no trouble finding a spot within a block from the restaurant. That's good because we were all in pretty high heels. Yes, we were doing girls night out, big time.Service was excellent. Our coats were taken promptly (though at the end they held one of the coat belts hostage unknowingly), water was served promptly, and plus, our waiter was very metro pretty. Definitely helps the meal go down that much better.I've blabbered on enough - onto the food! We ordered everything family style. Three appetizers, three entress, one dessert, four girls. You do the math. We are fatties.Grilled pita bread (yelp.com/biz_photos/PsY5) with three dips. I think it was eggplant, yogurt and something else. Anyways, it was delish and devoured.Kolokithokeftethes (yelp.com/biz_photos/PsY5). Good thing this portion is small; I thought it was a bit overcooked and over-seasoned, but tasty nonetheless.Fried summer beans (yelp.com/biz_photos/PsY5). Almost got booted for the fried zucchini cakes, but thank goodness we ordered both. Think fried tempura beans at, say, TGIF, but 10x better.Goat stew (yelp.com/biz_photos/PsY5), aka my reason to return. Worthy of being on the top 100 list, indeed.Kotopoulo Souvlas (yelp.com/biz_photos/PsY5). Big portion, great for sharing. Juicy and tender, flavored just right.Psari Psito (yelp.com/biz_photos/PsY5). Should have learned from my first time there that me and whole fish do not mix. But I was ensured that the fish was deboned, and the other girls did not get bones in their share. Maybe I'm just cursed.Baklava (yelp.com/biz_photos/PsY5). I was too stuffed, so I actually didn't have a bite of this at all (I know, disgraceful). Looks good though, doesn't it?
A close friend raved about this restaurant for several years ago, but procrastinated in eating here. My uncle recently invited several family members for a birthday dinner here. Their dining room(s) are deceivingly large and the crowd for a weekday dinner ranged from romantic couples and families (like us) to Fidi power diners. We easily found street parking for a 6 pm reservation, but valet is available if you come prime time. On to the food, here's what we/I had:Shared Appetizers 1) Gigantes - Giant Beans in a stew like sauce. Ordered by mistake, this is great for dipping their bread. 2) Lamb Riblets - Marinated with a variety of herbs and spices, the meat was tender and softly came off the bone. 3) Marinated Mushrooms - My aunt's favorite, this was a salad comprised of a variety of wild mushrooms, feta cheese, and leafy greens. 4) Crispy Smelt - My friend's favorite which can be likened to McDonald's famed french fries (no, I mean this as a compliment about its crispiness) is accompanied with a garlic mash potato mix that's great for dipping. Entree 5) Lamb Chops - In reading other Yelpers, learned that this is one of their signature dishes and it did not disappoint. Cooked perfectly medium with no gamy flavor. Shared Desserts 6) Flour less Chocolate Cake - Complimentary dessert for the birthday girl. 7) Baklava - Just okay. 8) Ouzo Sorbet - Aunt's choice, which she liked. 9) Custard Filled Filo with Roasted Pineapple - My personal favorite. How can anyone hate on sweet pineapple and filo pastry?! The meal was excellent and a dinner was very impressive, but the highlight of the evening was meeting a fellow diner seated behind our table. When I introduced myself to him and his fan, he replied, "You just made my day!" It's not often you meet a Rhodes scholar, former NBA player, three time U.S. Senator from New Jersey, and presidential candidate. Definitely, a FIVE-STAR experience.
The Service:Excellent service. The waiter was attentive and very friendly.The Food:I had the calamari, dolma, and saganaki. The calamari was yummy and had a good texture. The dolma was DEEEELIIICCCIIOOUSSS. I wasn't a fan of the saganaki. It was too chewy for me. I had the ribeye steak and I thought it was ok. Nothing special. The potatoes that came with it weren't very good, and I thought they were kinda soggy. The cooked kale on the side was flavorless.My husband had the rotisserie lamb (special of the day) and was a huge fan. He also had the duck dolma as an appetizer (different from the regular dolma) and said that it wasn't that great.
I was reminded of this place while reading through a Yelp friend's review's Mister O. M. from Pacifica. I've had many great meals here and even a couple birthday celebrations. I like Kokkari, it's a good place but holy cow is it expensive. I used to know the wine director so I went there w/ friends for dinner - 6 of us, bought a bottle of wine then let him pick a bottle - my pick $60, his pick $150 smackaroons - maybe he thought we weren't spending enough w/ all of the apps, cocktails, and glasses of wine. Thanks dude - you're awesome!! Fortunately, he and his attitude are long gone from the place - I must say that I've liked everyone I've come across there - especially the bartenders - really great guys.
This place is spot on, mouth watering food, beautiful interior and such a warm atmosphere. Its dressy but not snobby.I have been coming here for the last two years and I have NEVER had bad service or food.A couple of times we have ordered just a bunch of appetizers because they are all delicious. I usually order whatever is roasting on the rostisserie, my boyfriend always orders the fish or the lamb. The wait staff in knowledgeable and will spend the time to make sure experience is amazing. Eat here. NOW!!! :)
This place is one of my FAVORITE restaurants in the Bay Area! The food her is exceptional - seriously few restaurants can even compete with them. The interiors are beautiful, the service spectacular and the quality of food is incomparable. I'm such a creature of habit and always get the lamb chops - I mean it's their signature dish, how could I not? However, I have strayed away from my regular order and have ordered the whole fish when it's available - and it's simply divine. If you're in a big group, share a bunch of apps - they are all amazing! My favorite is the sagahnaki (fried cheese with lemon juice), the big white beans, all the dipping sides and their infamous pita bread (ugh I wish I could make these at home!) If trekking to SF is too far for you, you can also check out their sister restaurant in Palo Alto: Evia. This place is equally yummy as well.
This is an extraordinary restaurant. They pride themselves on service and treating you like you are at their home, and it shows. The food should not be missed. Trendy,fun,excellent food and service what more could you ask for?If your in the city this is a must stop.
Opa!! Yum! This is now a new San Francisco favorite restaurant of mine hands down. For starters, we had the Kolokithokeftethes (crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing) and Spanakotiropita (traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill) - loved them! I've had spanakotiropita (or what I lovingly call spankopita!) at festivals and street fairs, but nothing compares to the flavors and freshness of Kokkari's version -- mmm!! And we ordered red wine (Malbec, Hacienda del Plata) too.For our mains, my friend had the lamb and I had a local fish (forgot the name) de-boned and grilled with some braised greens on the side -- deeeelectable! And then, for the dessert, we split the Sokolatina (flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream) - to die for! :) We took some leftovers home and couldn't quite finish the dessert because we were full to explosion level. Ahh...so good, soo good! The only downside was the bartender was a little rude to my friend when she asked if they had any cocktails -- be nice to your good paying customers, bartender. However, our friendly and helpful waitress made up for it though. All in all, I definitely hope to come back again!!2 starters+main+1 glass of wine+dessert+tax+tip= $70Once-a-week dinner w/ Geraldine # 10
This was my second time here -- last time was for dinner, this time was for lunch. My friend and I shared the asparagus and the spanakotiropita, and I had the chicken souvlaki as my main. The asparagus was the best asparagus I think I've ever had -- it was roasted to perfection and the feta was the most perfect complement. The spanakotiropita (I enjoy saying this word but not spelling it) was just ok, however -- not bad but not great. I really enjoyed my chicken souvlaki -- the chicken was tender, the yogurt accompaniment was very delicious, and the salad and the wheat salad were good as well. It was a well-rounded dish, and I enjoyed every item on the plate.Kokkari is definitely one of my favorites now -- it's a great place to take family in town or have a business lunch. It's a classy place that I feel good in.I sat in the booths in the middle of the restaurant last time; I was in the front of the restaurant this time; next time, I'd love to experience the back dining room.
Best Greek food I ever had! I love everything about their food. A must visit if u are in San Francisco.
Wonderful appetizers and ambiance. Had the kalamata pita, which was like a pita pizza with olives, tomatoes, onions, and myzithra cheese. Also had the calamari - I wasn't a fan of the grilled preparation but the sauce was savory and good. The soutzoukakia, grilled lamb meatballs in tomato sauce and Greek yogurt, were my favorite.
THE BEST!!!! I loved dining here. I am always blown away by the yumminess of everything here! The last time was in the small private room downstairs. We were so please with the service food and ambiance!
Kokkari was our favorite family place. But going there last two times was disappointing: we did not get quality food, we had to wait so long the waiters to pay attention to us and they forgot about my brother's- In- law birthday, even after calls and reminding already in the restaurant. We want the quality back!
Try the lamb riblet as an appetizer, it was delicious! I had the burger with out the carbs because I am training for an Ironmnan and dropping weight. I was not too impressed with the burger because I didn't have will all the normal stuff and it was over cooked. The ambiance looks good and I saw a lot of business people it suits. I would give it 4 stars but I didn't taste anything else. This place I am sure deserves more time and money to be fair and explore all their dishes.
Very tasty Mediterranean restaurant with nice decor and really good food. It's definitely upscale without being snooty. I went for a work lunch, but it would be a great place for smaller groups too.Pros:1. Lamb chops were awesome!2. Definitely order the pita, hummus, yogurt dipping appetizer.3. Baklava comes with a side of vanilla ice cream. It has the right amount of sweetness. Many baklava are overly sweet in my opinion.Cons:1. None really. Everything was as I expected from reading other reviews.
I came here with two of my sisters for one of their birthdays and I wasn't sure want to expect because she's super picky and a vegetarian too. I hadn't really tried greek or mediterranean before either.To start off, I loved the fancy and high-end feel to the place. Lights were dim, but with open windows for a fresh breeze. Everything was decorated nicely and you could see the kitchen too, so it wasn't a secret of what's happening with your food. Our waitress was SO friendly too. She noticed we all had wristbands (for the beer garden after the SF marathon) and when we told her what it was for, she was so enthusiastic about what we were doing. She kept congratulating us and asking questions, and even if she didn't really care, it was nice of her to pretend!I ordered the lemon chicken and was seriously blown away. I've never had such a simple dish be so delicious! The meat was tender and flavorful in every bite, and the lemon on the side was so nicely arranged in a cloth to keep the seeds out. Not only was it mouth-watering, it was a huge serving! Even when I heated the leftovers the next day, it was still as juicy and tender and yummy as the day I first ordered it. It is on the higher end of the price spectrum, but I say it's worth it!
The is the best food and great customer service I really enjoyed myself at Kokkari. Thank you
My husband and I were in SF for one evening and decided to grab dinner here based on a co-worker's recommendation. We are glad that we had a reservation since the restaurant was packed even at 10 pm at night! I loved the interiors of the restaurant - the big fireplace and fine cloth tapestry on the chairs make the place seem very homely. The service was good and all of our vegetarian dishes were cooked to perfection! There was some greek yogurt in almost every dish we got and its creamy deliciousness seemed to enhance all the flavors! The only dish that we thought was not so great was the mushroom ravioli. It seemed a little lack-luster in comparison to the zucchini cakes, fava beans and even the grilled vegetable skewers.Regardless, this restaurant has become one of our all-time favorites based on the high quality of food, service and venue. It's a perfect place for a romantic dinner or a classy celebration!
I have been to many of San Francisco's finest eateries, and rarely am I disappointed. I was hesitant to try a Greek restaurant at the request of my 25 year old son...but what a pleasant surprise. It's a beautiful bustling space with outstanding service. Do not expect your regular California cuisine, this is authentic Greek food with heavy sauces and whole fish entrees. Since there were ten of us, we were able to taste many of the selections. All three fish entrees were cooked perfectly as well as the Moussaka and lamb chops. To top off the meals, they has an outstanding wine list. Ask to be seated at Frank's table. He makes his guests feel like they were invited to his own private party.
Words are beyond how AMAZING this place is. Their wine selection is great. The food was out of this world, everything from our starter to out entrees was perfect. We had the baked feta, the spanakotiropita (highly recommended), the greek salad, the ravioli (sublime!), and the Tuesday special: wood fire roasted pork. The staff is very friendly, and helpful. The ambience is warm, and cozy. Perfect place!!
Wonderful - This restaurant is so warm and inviting!!! Our waiter was fantastic, -- THE SERVICE HERE IS FANTASTIC -- the food was delicious, the ambience will make you forget all your troubles and just enjoy the food!Zucchini cakes were delicious, but the lamb skewer was really amazing. I can't get over the ambience of this place, you won't feel like you're in the United States, in addition, probably the most comfortable chairs I've ever encountered at a restaurant. This place is divine!
I walked in and was immediately warmed by the big fire and soothing earth-toned room. It was very cozy with big, overstuffed armchairs and rustic wooden tables and lamps peppering the room. I sat in the first room with a friend and was able to converse without yelling... it was nice. Our waiter was personable and attentive and able to make great recommendations.We started with the zucchini cakes and lamb meatballs, both are a must. The zuchinni cakes were lightly fried and were served with a delicious, silky mint yogurt dressing. The lamb meatballs were perfectly cooked and covered in a light marinara sauce.I ordered the halibut steak, which was served with market fresh vegetables and a puree underneath. It was juicy and a light entree to the heavier appetizers. My friend ordered a fish local to SF similar to a brazino, de-boned and sauteed in olive oil, salt, and pepper, so simple but perfectly done.We finished off dinner with the flourless chocolate cake - the ice cream was a key pairing to this dense cake... and to be fair I am partial to my mother's flourless chocolate cake that while dense, isn't overpowering. I thought Kokkari was wonderful, the ambiance was perfect -- there was even a lamb roasting in the fire and the waitstaff was great.
Let's keep this real simple... overpriced good Greek food for neighboring legal firms and tourists. One more thing... worst Moscow Mule I have ever had.
Consistent, knowledgeable, friendly staff. Delicious food, attentive staff. Full bar, nice wines, roast lamb and grilled whole fish.
We had a trip to San Francisco with my girlfriend last weekend. We checked yelp for dinner and we've found this place.This was by far the best dinner I've had in the state. The ambiance is wonderful, not showy, humble, warm and really aesthetic and authentic.I should give credit to waiter Engin. He was so warm and helpful. We really felt comfy.And the food of course one word: AMAZING. We started with some traditional appetizers, with Uzo, we asked recommendation for all of them. And all of them were marvelous. For entree Engin recommended us that days specials; sea bream and lamb. We tasted both.Again, the presentation is simple not showy, but appealing. So professional, there s nothing on the plate unnecessary. And everything tastes and feels so tasty and fresh.We were 100% happy. I recommend everyone, If I go to SF again I will definitley experience this again.
The only times I've ever been to Kokkari were for parties/business events, so I've only been sat in the back rooms. The service has always been impeccable, and I've never needed to ask for a water refill or a new fork, etc. The food is also very reliable, but I'm just not crazy about the majority of the food I've tried here. It's really extreme, either a dish is fantastically delicious, or really not worth eating. The pita bread alone is to die, for as are the dips and many of the appetizers. Many of the entrees just don't do it for me, even though I happen to love Greek food. Maybe I need to go back as a regular guest and choose my own entrees, but in terms of the plates served for the set menu, it's nothing I'm desperate to try again.
I love everything about Kokkari. The place is simply perfection...everything I look for in a good restaurant. It's a large, rustic space with a roaring fireplace and oversized furniture with dim lighting and candle light.It was a business dinner with colleagues and a client, so we decided to share tapas style. We started with the dolmathes, saghanaki, mapakia (brussel sprouts) and soutzoukakia (meatballs). As good as any of these that I've had at my other favorite (Taverna Tony) and Greece. The saghanaki was a standout.The Arnisia Plevrakia...lamb with lemon and oregano was perfectly cooked, Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata & Tzatziki sauce/dips with huge cucumber wedges, baked squash in the sage butter and grilled meatballs...yum.They had an exceptional wine list which did not disappoint. One of the best restaurants in San Francisco.
After 10 years in San Francisco...Your in my Top 5 for Sure1. Acquerello2. LA Folie3. Michael Minna (Union Square which is no longer)4. Kokkari5. Many will be tied depending on what I want to eat that night....House of prime Rib, Ozumo's...who knows
Highly rated and highly anticipated, I got the honor of try this place out for lunch (thankfully we made reservations). SF is a Mecca for fine dining and Kokkari ranks up there with the best of them. After being seated in the front of the restaurant you immediately take notice of the inviting atmosphere, warm decor with wood accents. The bar was rather small but was insignificant to the wide spread seating. This restaurant was mammoth. This restaurant took up the real-estate of a office building floor. Very unusual for SF.For appetizers, ordered the meatballs and saganaki. Both were very tasty but the meatballs won for the apps. Maybe it's lackluster of classiness but the server did not pour the liquor on top the cheese and   perform the table side lighting. This took away from the dish as the cheese was already cold upon arrival. Not the same feel as warm melting cheese on top of fresh pita. My entry was the lamb burger. Perfectly cooked ground lamb that was flavored well and with mint, onion and tomato. This was wrapped on freshly baked pita served with a splendid tzatziki sauce. The others in the party had the rotisserie of the day and moussaka. The rotisserie of the day was a 1/2 chicken slowly roasted in their brick ovens. The chicken was the most succulent chicken I've ever had in a restaurant. It fell right off the bone with barely a touch. The moussaka, which I've never had the pleasure to experience before, was also a tasty dish as well. This dish was a play on a traditional casserole but made up of ground lamb, potatoes, eggplant and lots of cheese. The spices were perfect for this dish and had a surprising flavor we guess was cinnamon. Hard to pick a favorite as all dishes were exquisite and unique. I will be back to explore the menu further!
This place is AMAZING. It was honestly the best Greek food I've ever had- even above the Greek restaurants I've been to in New York and Chicago. It's great for people watching, too. Some women were wearing a silk top with jeans and heels and others were even more dressed up. Either way, I definitely recommend getting dolled up to come here. I loved the intimate and cozy decor of this place as well. It had hardwood floors, fireplace, dimly lit low lamps next to the tables, and oversized cushy chairs. I can't wait to visit San Francisco again so that I can come to this restaurant.
Went back the other week. Still a 5, in case anyone's curious.
Got dressed up nice and went to Kokkari last night with four of my girls for the last of my BirthWeek celebrations! We had reservations for 9 pm but they sat us as soon as we got there, 10 mins early. The table was too big for conversation however, so we asked to be sat in a cozier spot and they were very accommodating and quick about it. Most of our party was vegetarian, which took the cost our our meal, wayy down. The only vegetarian dishes they have are the appetizers, much cheaper, easier to share. Here's what we got:Kalamata Pita: Too salty, like a pizza on pita bread. (We were refunded for this, because the waiter agreed it was saltier than usual)Saghnaki: Again, was incredibly salty. Granted, it is a salty chese to begin with, but no amount of bread could make this pleasant on the taste buds. Aginares Souvlaki: Grilled Eggplant and Artichoke Skewers served with yogurt, were delicious! Chicken Souvlaki: Usually not available for dinner, but they had it last night. My friends raved about the meat. Gigantes: Oven baked giant beans. Not impressive. House made pita: thick, with a great consistency, but again too salty for my taste. I also had a glass of their Malbec ($9) and it was really great. Since it was my birthday celebration, they brought out a slice of their flourless chocolate cake for me, and it was probably the best thing we ate at Kokkari. Delicious! Overall the service and ambiance were great, but the food that we had (mostly vegetarian) is nothing to rave about. Their specialties are apparently their lamb and fish dishes. So maybe that makes the hype worth it.
Just had one of THE MOST AMAZING dining experiences EVER! I am very happy to say my bf and I will be returning to this restaurant soon and often. We found this place on yelp when we were looking for a place to go for a nice evening, and this seemed to be the perfect fit. Made reservations the day before. Last night we walked in right on time, we were immediately seated, and had our coats checked. We were greeted by our server (pretty sure her name was Kate, even tried to bring home the receipt to remember and still forgot it... sorry!). Very pleasant, and when we told her it was our first time she took the time to explain a few of her favorite dishes and why. We also asked for some input on our wine selection, which she was very patient and knowledgeable about. We started with two appetizers, the lamb riblets and octopus. The lamb arrived first, and we both just smiled after taking the first bite. Perfectly seasoned, deliciousness. Shortly after our octopus arrived, which I about died over. I couldn't wait for our entrees! Before I knew it there was a delicate looking roasted chicken with sweet potatoes in front of me (the pace was by no means fast, but we never had to wait long for the next course). The chicken was roasted perfectly, and I barely needed a knife to cut it. It fell off the bones without being too greasy (I hate that!). He had the Halibut which I stole a small bite of, also cooked perfectly. I was so enjoyable to eat food that I didn't feel weighted down or the normal "food coma" after. So often nice restaurants cause this for me because of the excess of oils and butter, no issue of this from here! During the meal neither my bf's or my wine or water glasses were ever empty and the table was cleared promptly. He decided to get the Frappe Greek Coffee which was a great final touch to the meal. Beyond our server and the hosts we interacted with being nicer than I can begin to give them credit for, when I got up to use the restroom, I asked a gentleman to point me in the direction. He guided me through the restaurant to where I needed to go! No pointing here! As we walked he displayed some great dining options for larger parties. It was amazing! Kokkari Estiatorio exceeded my beyond picky expectations and made an evening for my bf and I to remember. Thank you for making a night that was special to us in our own way even more memorable with a touch of magic. It is truly appreciated.
went here for my bday with my friends. Great drinks. Best Moussaka!!! Lamb dishes were delicious. I liked that they put Baklava Ice cream into my Sundae :)
3 1/2 stars? We came here for the boyfriend's birthday as he's been wanting to check this place out for a while now. The food was all very good, the prices affordable, and the service was good. Why the 3 1/2 stars though? It was all kind of...forgettable though. Nothing really stood out as amazing.We had the tempura flava beans to start with, which were good. I had the avgolemono, which seemed like they tried to make it fancy, which was a shame because it wasn't as hearty and I didn't like it as much as the traditional kind. The boyfriend grilled octopus and to be honest that was probably some of the best octopus we've had. I usually find octopus to be way too chewy and seafoody (if you follow my posts you know that I'm allergic to shrimp and I hate the taste of most seafood), I found this to be really fresh and pretty good.Main course: The boyfriend got the goat stew, which was a special. The goat was still a bit chewy, but in all honesty it didn't really taste like much other than that. He stated that it could have been any meat in that stew and he wouldn't have known. I had the lamb chops, and it was beautifully cooked and tasted amazing...but like I said, it didn't wow me either.Dessert: we had the strawberry ouzu sorbet, which was very ouzuy and it was refreshing and delicious. A good palate cleanser/ending.Overall, it was a fine meal, but like I mentioned nothing outstanding and I'll probably forget it soon.
The ambiance is nice, but after tasting the food we are puzzled about the hype around this place. Their halibut lacks taste, and the slow cooked lamb was just ok. It only came with a few potato wedges, it wasn't a dish really although they priced it as such. Also, it's a Greece-inspired place, but please don't call it a Greek restaurant. One star less for the bill that was spicier than the food...
Had a wonderful meal at Kokkari and can't wait to go back. Yes, it's in the middle of nowhere in the Financial District, but well worth the trek from Alamo Square. Take a look at the food and hear about our experience. eatsporkjew.com/restaura
Awesome atmosphere and very good food (I had the Souvla Tis Emeras) - just not mind-blowing.
Awesome ambiance and better food!
First time here yesterday and was blown away by the delicious food and excellent service!
I've come here a couple of times. Always a nice place for a delicious meal!
I've been dying to try this place for awhile now and I'd have to say it totally met my expectations. The sampler plate with hummus pita and other stuff was awesome. I have to say I was surprised at how good the bar is there. I definitely would like to go back at the very least for more coctails. Dessert we had this sundae that was killer.Everyone at their table said their food was great. Majority got lamb with a couple people getting the fish and steak. Person that got their fish said it was a bit on the bland side but everyone else seemed to love their food.I would have given 5 stars but the seasoning on my lamb was goodbut not blow my mind amazing I felt. It tasted a bit like Montreal Steak seasoning with lemon. Maybe I'm just not versed in Mediterranean food. Regardless the lamb was cooked perfectly.
I love this restaurant for its food and atmosphere. It is very inviting and intimate. Good for work or even special occasions. The spanakotiropita, zucchini cakes and pita sampler are all fantastic. Their salads are delicious, I especially liked their Greek salad. I have had the lamb chops, oregeno chicken and halibut...each very different but superb in their own right. It seriously is fantastic. It is a lot of food and heavy so not your once a week place but it is worth it for a special occasion or when you just wanna treat yo self.
I've spent three weeks in Greece (mostly Athens) getting spoiled by the delicious food there -- Kokkari isn't exactly authentic, but who cares? It's delicious every time I go. Kokkari is my "go to" place for out of town guests. No matter where they're from or how jaded they are from their three-star dining experiences, everyone I've taken to Kokkari just loves it. I've tried almost everything on the menu, and I've never been disappointed. The flavors, the quality, the portion size (very generous), the value -- all great. I also really enjoy the ambiance -- it's a great combination of warm, cozy and inviting, while still feeling lively and having just enough noise (but not too loud) to feel a buzz. The only downside I can think of is that the restrooms are downstairs and you have to take an elevator to get there. But that's a minor quibble. I can't wait to go back!
Ambiance, service and food = AWESOME!!Kokkari - each time has been unique and great! Can't say enough good things about this place.
Came to Kokkari twice with my girlfriend, once on a Monday and once on a Tuesday. The place was jam packed both nights, with great ambiance and fantastic service. The first time we split:- Kolokithokeftethes (zucchini cakes appetizer) - Great.- Moussaka (lamb casserole entree) - I loved this dish. It was jam-packed with lamb. Very flavorful and rich. - Goat stew over orzo (off menu special entree) - We agreed this was the best dish of the night. It is a special that is still on the menu. Came recommended from our waiter. She was totally right - it was awesome. - Baklava - Perfect way to finish the meal. The filo is light and flaky. We were dying to try more of the small plates, so we came back a few weeks later and ordered:- Pita with Melitzanosalata and Favosalata (small plate, some kind of eggplant spread and a hummus-like spread) - This was a great way to start. The pita was warm and grilled, both spreads were great. The hummus was on the sweet side, the eggplant more savory. Balanced perfectly.- Spanakotiropita (small plate, spinach and feta filo pies) - Again, the filo was perfectly flaky. It melted in my mouth. - Aginares Souvlaki (small plate, artichoke and eggplant skewer) - This was a generous sized skewer. Veggies were grilled perfectly. The veggie skewer went really well with the lamb skewer for dinner. - Arnisio Souvlaki (large plate, lamb skewer) - Five really good sized chunks of lamb. We asked for medium rare and my girlfriend thought they were slightly overcooked, but other than that they were delicious. The grilled onion and pepper that comes with it were also delicious.We decided that sampling the small plates is definitely the way to go, since you get to try so many more things. Everything on the menu is incredible, you literally can't go wrong. The staff is constantly checking in to see if they can help with anything. On our way out, we were thanked by 5 different people, including waiters that hadn't even touched our table. The restaurant is warm, with giant comfy chairs, a nice fireplace with meat roasting on the spit, lots of wood. Can't say enough about this place!
I love Kokkari. Never disappoints. On a pricy side, but it's worth it. I was here couple of times with a group of friends and we had a great time with great service and food.
Food: 3.5 starsAtmosphere 5 stars minus the noiseNice bathrooms, worthy of the elevator ride to get there.Admittedly, this is not the first on my list of cuisines, as I don't like a vinegary taste. Thankfully, their spicing is sophisticated and more lemony than vinegary. Overall I liked how they goosed things up.I rarely drink and LOVED our white wine from Santorini.The cheese appetizer that begins with a "c" is great. I thought the rest of the appetizers were spiced mostly well but the lamb was WAY too fatty. You'd get a tiny piece of lamb meat hiding in a gigantic hunk of fat. Not my thing. My bronzini fish special entree was off the charts great; as good as I had in Portugal.The chocolate flourless cake was great and HUGE.So I guess I might have liked out other appetizers if that was more my kind of food, but alas, it is not. So if you can read between lines, this should be of some help.
One of the more memorable restaurants in the city and I've been here a few times both for lunch and dinner. It's definitely too heavy for lunch and based on the prices, I think it's a better deal for dinner because who can afford a $30+ lunch? I love combination of the greek and american cuisine. My favorite app = Tzatziki dip + pita bread. The pita bread is so warm and yummy! The olive oil in the olives is perfect for dipping. I don't usually get impressed by fish because my mom (we're chinese) makes the perfect steamed fish, however, this place will not fail! I love the way they grill the fish. They're always fresh and I love the thin crispy skin. The only down side is that it is an open kitchen and since a majority of their entrees are grilled, you leave the restaurant smelling like food. Especially for the ladies who have long hair, it totally absorbs the smell!
I've been to Kokkari at least 4 times. And at least 5 times to the sister restaurant - Evvia. Every time Kokkari offered great food and wonderful service. But not this time. Saturday, the 4th went there for dinner. Everything was going great, until the server spilled a full glass of cold water all over the table, phone, seat and my friend's jacket. Server, in a non-rushed manner, wipe the table, said he will be back with more water, and we've never seen him until the end of the night. Meanwhile, the seat and the jacket were soaked in cold water. We've ordered a full course meal with drinks, and the server never even offered to comp. food, or offer complimentary dessert. When I was paying the check, I wrote the condensed story on the bill, and left my number. No call, no acknowledgment. Dear Kokkari, if you do read these feedbacks, please take this into consideration. Maybe I should've asked for the maitr d' right away.
A solid, very popular Greek restaurant in San Francisco, but I'm not sure it's deserving of its stellar ratings on Yelp. I made reservations for a party of six for a Thursday afternoon - really liked the atmosphere, though little of it reminded me of a greek restaurant. From my experience with Greek restaurants, the mezes are usually not to be missed. We ordered the fried smelts, brussel sprouts, zucchini cakes, and octopus for the table. Sadly, none of the appetizers turned out to be ... the octopus was a bit tough and chewy, the brussel sprouts forgettable. The fried smelts were decent but not particularly greek, and the zucchini cakes were good - unexpected cheese taste which met mixed reactions at my table - I liked it. Ordered the lamb souvlaki, which included grilled pita slices, a chickpea salad, and some mixed vegetables. Sad to say it, but my more recent meal at Bosphorus in Walnut Creek was far better. If you're ever in NYC, check out Pylos or Kefi. Much better Greek/Mediterranean food.
First, the good: excellent food, including the fried cheese appetizer, goat stew, and grilled fish. Waiter was attentive and enjoyed his dry sense of humor. Now what didn't work: I arrived before the rest of my party, so I sat at the bar and ordered a glass of wine ($13). When the rest of my party arrived, the hostess whisked me away to be seated; I left a $20 bill on the bar thinking that she would bring me back the change. That never happened. Guess the bartender thought I was leaving a $7 tip on a $13 drink ??!! The second goof-up was when our plates were cleared at the end of the meal, I had quite a bit of the goat stew left, so I asked to take it home. I waited for my take out container to appear after dessert and the bill, but it, too, never appeared. So they do some things well, and others, not so good.
Totally amazing experience! I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for great food, awesome service, and beautiful ambiance. Our server recommended the best dishes and our wine was awesome, too. We started with the zucchini cakes and octopus. Both were perfect. My husband got the lamb chops and I got the ribeye. Amazing! This is the perfect place for a special occasion, but I don't think is call it romantic since it is a little on the noisy side. People were dressed up a bit but it wasn't as dressy as I was expecting, given some of the reviews. I can't wait to go back some day.
Me and wife had gone to this place for our anniversary it was great. Would go there again
Best in the city. We enjoyed an outstanding post Thanksgiving lunch at this delightful restaurant. Service was top notch and the food was even better. Wife loved the butternut squash appetizer and a Greek salad. The chopped salad and ravioli were also amazing. A few beers and a bottle of wine plus dessert and coffee are not for the faint of heart ($160) but worth every penny. You won't be disappointed with Kokkari!
I wanted to like this place, I mean how can you not resist the open windows with seats exposed to the warm evening air, the high ceilings, the extra touches of rich decor. Even service was great - our server was knowledgable, knew the catch phrases in greek, made recommendations (even though we didn't like his suggestions).The appetizers were fine. We shared Aginares Souvlaki ($12) which is a grilled skewer of artichoke hearts, eggplant pieces, and bell peppers and onions, served with a rich Greek yogurt. That was great.Even the Octopaodak tou Yiorgou ($12.75) was good. Cut pieces of grilled octopus lightly seasoned with salt and pepper and lemon. Simple, but tender.Why Kokkari didn't meet the bar was in the main dish category. We ordered Duck Roti ($32) the special rotisserie of the day, which was rubbed with cinnamon and served with potatoes. Normally I love duck, but the meat lacked flavor. All the seasoning was in the skin, and the skin wasn't crispy as I had hoped but more of a fatty wet.The Ortikia ($30) was the Quail stuffed with feta and served with smoked bacon rice. The quail was tender but didn't hardly have any feta. The smoked bacon was actually over powering, or rather overwhelming all other flavor and a bit saltier than I would like.The famous lamb chops - Arnisia Paidakia ($38) - was definitely cooked tender but according to EC, he's had better.And then dessert - Galaktoboureko ($8) - semolina custard in filo with fresh figs & pistachio ice cream. Sounded great, but the custard had a slightly rancid flavor. The ice cream was good though.So basically the main courses and desserts were underwhelming for such a hyped up restaurant. I think I should stick to their Mezethes (apps).
Food and ambiance were really good. I did not raise a complaint about it (just not my thing) but my food arrived 8 minutes later than everybody else's. Not a big deal but they could have compensated with a complimentary coffee and/or desert on the bill. They did not. I did have the manager apologize of the mixup but again no offer of compensation. Other issue is 2 orders of chicken skewers came as just a whole roast chicken. Again, we don't complain as adding to complication would just make matters worse. Otherwise food was very good, but they should make an effort in ensuring you got what you ordered. Staff friendly enough but if I was anyone else I'd say incompetent.
This place is beyond AMAZING. I have been for dinner in the main dining room as well as in the private room a few times. I recently went for lunch (for the first time) and it was equally as amazing. The food and service are both top notch. I love several things on the menu and havne't had anything that I don't like.Daily there is a fresh meat over fire they offer - I am not a big meat eater but it always smells amazing and everyone I have always been with loves it. I have had their chicken souvalki, many fish offerings and several appetizers - I paricularly love their hummus and their pita bread is fabulous. The greek salad is the best I have ever had, the zucchini cakes were recommended by a server at one dinner and it was to die for. The dolmathes are very fresh flavored and not oily as I have had in the past at other venues. Do yourself a favor and give it a try. Oh and don't forget dessert - Galaktoboureko is so yummy and not overly sweet like the Baklava which is also great but a bit on the super sweet side.  I can go ON and ON....this place it such a wonderful gem in SF. ENJOY!
This place was amazing. We ordered a bunch of small plates and enjoyed every single one. My favorites were the:- Zucchini Cakes- Grilled Octopus- Brussels Sprouts Make sure to also get the Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata Or Tirosalata with their housemade grilled pita. The Pita is so flavorful and the dips are incredibly tasty.
Kokkari Estiatorio is an outstanding, upscale, authentic Greek restaurant in San Francisco. Great location and menu. We showed up as a group of 25 without reservations at 9pm last Thursday evening (Jan 30th 2014). We were accommodated in the private dining room as another group had finished early. The food & service was up to Kokkari's usual excellent standards. Enjoyed the Baklava Ice-cream... Truly heaven in a dish!! Parking was a breeze, valets had a spot on the street right in front!
Simple as this. Beautiful, warm, and cozy atmosphere and incredible food. Went with a group of girls for a birthday lunch so I'd say we tried a LARGE portion of the menu. There was not one single thing that I tried that was not to die for. I am usually not the biggest fan of Mediterranean but this restaurant blew that opinion out of sight.PS. The pictures above aren't even worth looking at. They don't do half the justice.YUM!
One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco.I love the Octopus appetizers, the Lamb Shank, and the whole fish. You have to try the octopus appetizer because it is really, really good. The consistency is nothing like calamari which can be rubbery. The octopus here is very tender - almost like chicken in terms its texture. The lamb is tender, moist, and delicious. For the whole fish, they will offer to debone it as well as they serve.Fish is always fresh and cooked perfectly. The portion here are quite big. I never have room for dessert.A more classic-style restaurant with great service and ambiance. Excellent place for an intimate dinner with your loved one or catching up with an old friend.
So very amazing. I wouldn't called it expensive but it's not inexpensive either. We actually on our many trips have not made it to the main courses yet lol. We very much enjoy their salads/soups and appetizers (desserts as well). There feta stuffed kalamari is simply to die for. Also there occasional goat stew was mouthwatering. There service and servers are amazing. Please remember if it is a busy day (Thurs - Sunday), reservations would usually be needed.
The ShortAte: Octopus, Goat Stew, Kokkari SaladPaid: ~$60pp including wineHot: Perfectly cooked, delightfully balanced everything. Especially the octopus.Cold: Some bits of goat were a *little* tough (and this is just being nitpicky).Rating: Consistent and simply delightful flavor. If you want some of the best Mediterranean in Northern California, come here. Or actually, don't, so I can still get in. The LongLocated on the corner of a relatively quiet and unassuming part of the financial district, Kokkari rewards you with some of the most delicious Mediterranean food in San Francisco. It's almost (if not better) than it's east coast brother-from-another-mother, Kefi, in New York's Upper West Side. From the tender salad to the sublime octopus (I'll get to that in a second), and the hearty and perfectly seasoned goat stew - the dinner leaves you perfectly satisfied and ready for hibernation.Last year, at a restaurant in NYC mediterranean staple called Kefi, I experienced octopus in a whole new light. Unbelievably melt-in-your-mouth tender, with flavors of olive oil and a little bit of lemon with some greek spices. I left NY wondering if something even remotely similar existed on the west coast. Kokkari answered the call, and in all honesty it's even better than Kefi. Only gripe- it would be perfect if they offered that in entree size (hint, hint).
Fabulous Greek restaurant in an unassuming location. The service is impeccable. It is one of the most superb dining experiences I have had and most of this is thanks to the wonderful staff. They operate like an orchestra. The food is heavenly Greek perfection. So many Greek restaurants cook staples incorrectly. This place nails it. The lamb, the salmon, the moussaka, the octopus, the tuna, everything was cooked perfectly and brought to the table piping hot.
My boyfriend and I were taken here by a family friend, and it was one of the greatest gastronomic experiences of my life. Their menu had so much to offer, and their constant array of specials offer even more. Meat, fish, cephalopod, mollusks, if it's delicious they have it, and they serve it up right. They have a gigantic wine list so you'll be sure to pick the perfect wine to go with your entree of choice (if you can choose just one).The only reason I'm knocking off a star is that this place doesn't offer much space to wait for your table. We got there 5 minutes before our reservation and they recommended we wait either at the bar or the wine island. There's barely space for even one person to stand next to the bar (seating is limited) and the wine island is right next to some tables, so every time a waiter needed to visit those customers I was asked to move. I kept feeling like I was in the way, and was relieved when we finally sat down.This was not a cheap meal and I must say, I probably couldn't afford it if I hadn't been treated, but once I'm not suffering from studenthood I would definitely make a point to come back here and blow some celebratory grown-up money.
After hearing (and reading) such positive reviews we finally made it out here the other night. We decided it was finally time to stop taking everyone's word for it and taste for ourselves. I'm not all that familiar with Greek/Mediterranean cuisine beyond falafel, hummus, baklava, filo. But with Kokkari being known for what it is i knew they weren't going to be serving up the same stuff that you'd see in your average Greek restaurant. Upon walking in, we notice it's an older, mature scene. And the decor matched the more conservative crowd. Immediately I think CEOs, corporate executives, bankers types would love this place.We ordered the following: -Karpouzi me Feta which was basically a watermelon salad with olive oil, cherry tomatoes and pine nuts. It was nothing to write home about but it was a nice refreshing start to dinner.-Saghanaki, a plate of fried Kefalotiri cheese in lemon and oregano which was a good salty offset to the sweet watermelon salad. I wish we had ordered more starter dishes but we wanted to save space in our stomach for our actual meals and dessert. -Makaronia. It was my only option as it was the only vegetarian dish of ravioli with peas, plenty of mushrooms and feta and myzithra cheese. Along with this I had a glass of Pinot Noir.-Moussaka (C's order) A lamb casserole with eggplant, potatoes in a yogurt bechamel sauce. He mentioned it was a bit rich so he was unable to finish it the entire thing. Service was excellent. It was nothing short of what one would expect in an upscale restaurant. Our server didn't linger around, it was quick and to the point while still friendly which is how I prefer it. This place is definitely somewhere you would take to impress a client or somewhere your parents or in-laws would appreciate. I work a couple blocks away from their Palo Alto counterpart Evvia. I will definitely "wander" in for lunch soon!
Kokkari fires from all cylinders. The service, decor, lighting, furniture, and ambiance are all carefully planned and coordinated to create a sophisticated, elegant, but not snobby, dining experience. It's simply a beautiful restaurant, highlighted by large fireplace that roasts various meats and daily specials. Kokkari specializes in contemporary Greek cuisine, which incorporates a medley of grilled or roasted seafood and meats. The grilled octopus appetizer was quite good. Though I would have enjoyed a thinner cut, I still loved the slight charred exterior taste. The best appetizer we had was the crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing, nice and crispy exterior, plus the dressing added a tangy kick.Much has been said about the lamb chops, Kokkari's signature dish. As much as I loved the lamb chops, it was the fire roasted pig that floored me. The meat was amazingly succulent, juicy, and so tender that you can cut through it with a butter knife. All other items we tried did not disappoint. My wife had the sea bass, which was light and refreshing, perfect with a touch of sea salt and olive oil. You won't get typical fine dining portions here. Kokkari is easily one of my favorite spots in the city.
Amazing. Food, ambiance, wine, everything! Service was the only thing that was ok not outstanding but still very good. We loved it and will definitely come back!
Quite pricey but one of the best places in SF.Especially recommending the Lamb Chop.
Great service. Loved the Zucchini cakes and Lamb Chops!
Amazing appetizers, main courses and wine. The matre d was hilarious and warmhearted. Near the end of dinner the manager / owner (not sure) came over to inquire about how the experience was and if there was anything they could have done differently.A bit on the pricey side, but totally worth it if you are looking for a fun spot with a group (we went on a Monday and it was completely packed, great sign of a great spot).
They deserve 10 stars.I came here for a chill Tuesday early dinner with a friend who raved on about this place.Service was prompt and friendly ( more on this later).Atmosphere was relaxed, yet classy and upmarket without being too pretentious. The fireplace with the rotisserie (whole lamb and chicken) was a nice touch.Upon sitting we were served bread & olives. They were all yummy. We shared the calamari (filled with cheese) as appetizer. Portion was small but then again it was an appetizer. Calamari was grilled and it was perfectly done.For the mains, my friend had her usual, moussaka and I had the rotisserie lamb. All I can say is that they couldn't have cooked either of this better. For the dessert we had the ice cream sundae which was not very greek but really tasty none the less.Now here's where I was blown away. My friend wanted to buy some baklava ice cream (not on the menu) to go for an event on Saturday. However she was taking the bart to east bay and didn't want ice cream to melt. The waiter (EDWARD - the best waiter ever!) asked where she lived and said that he maybe able to drive in to work on Friday and drop off the ice cream at her place on his way home as it would be less likely to melt in a car. Where do you get that sort of delivery service at a restaurant?!@?!I ended up picking up the ice cream later in the evening after my meeting but I was blown away by my experience at Kokkari.It's not cheap but it's not overly expensive either. Mains ranged $25-35. For the two of us we ended up paying around $50 including tax and tip (no drinks, shared appetizer & dessert) Edward - you rock!
This place was quite delicious and it stays open late. We shared about 10 small plates and shared a dessert. The lamb ribs were fabulous as well as the smelt "fries" and the zucchini cakes. Those stood out for me. Oh, and their spanakopita was tasty, and the lamb meatballs were spiced very well and, well, I just loved them. Apparently more stood out...The decor was very comfortable, and the service was great. This was my first time here, and I hope to go back. Next time, I am going to try one of the main dishes. Yum.
too expensive
This was a wonderful meal.Zucchini cakes were my favorite of the night. I wish they were a bit bigger, not just because they were so good I could have eaten ten of them, but because the filling was so good I wanted more of it to compete with the delicious, crispy outside.Riblets were also a favorite of the evening. Again, I wanted more! But flavor was better than the lamb special, although it too was awesome.Octopus was the only thing I wasn't in love with. Estadio's pulpo here in DC has this one beat.Moussaka was very good. Texturally, I liked the degree of separation achieved with the layers. Each layer - potatoes, eggplant, beef, and dairy - were very distinctive and independent. A bit different from other versions I've had.
I love this restaurant. Every time I go, it is an epic experience. The atmosphere is lovely, the service is always impeccable, and the food is divine. Great cocktails, and I highly recommend the whole fish. While you now have to make reservations well in advance, it is worth the wait!
This place prepares and serves the best Mediterrenean food ever!We have been here multiple times. My favorites are:- Horiatiki salad- Lamb chops- Skewers- village potatoesThe desert is amazing.The atmosphere reminds me of a greek village, so cool ;-).The service is great and the waiters are very efficient.It is good that they have vallet parking.
Kokkari is one of the best restaurants in SF! The atmosphere is great, the food to die for, the service is friendly and attentive, and the restaurant is just beautiful. If you want great Greek food, this is the place. My top dishes: saghanaki and the lamb ribletsThis is a great splurge place for a birthday or anniversary.
Lots of complex flavors and textures at this place. Certainly something for everyone. Coffee is phenomenal. A must order is the zucchini cakes.
Came here with my wife for delicious Greek food based on the Yelp reviews.Had 6 pm Open Table reservations and were seated promptly in one of the dining rooms near the kitchen.  Since it was a warm day, the windows were open, and with the attractive furnishings and carpets, there was a welcoming ambiance. All the tables were packed but the noise level was very reasonable. Even though some table were close together, floor lamps were strategically placed to give privacy.Service was attentive and helpful in explaining the menu items.For starters, had the Kolokithokeftethes - zucchini cakes with a crispy exterior and a light and fluffy filling of savory shredded zucchini.We shared a bottle of the Xinomavro Naoussa '12 light red wine, which went well with our selections.For entrees, we tried the Moussaka and the Arnisia Paidakia - lamb chops. The three chops were large, cooked perfectly medium rare and in a light lemon-oregano sauce. The lamb flavor was excellent. The moussaka was carefully layered with ground lamb, potatoes and eggplant with a yogurty white sauce.We shared the Pagato Baklava, a more unusual baklava ice cream, sort of like a Greek cookie-dough variant. Very tasty.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. Been here several times now for both lunch and dinner. I prefer their dinner service much more, but overall Kokkari doesn't disappoint. Excellent food and service, with a great ambiance (especially at night with their vibrant bar scene). I highly recommend - you can't go wrong here!I would not suggest walking in, you definitely need to make reservations in advance!
Besides the amazing zucchini cakes... there's nothing at Kokkari that would have me wanting to come back. We had come here for our (anniversary) dinner and were looking for an easy going well serviced happy eats night, but neither of us left really feeling blown away or happy with Kokkari. There was no warm reception by our hostess and our waiter seemed extremely nonchalant and uncaring... and the overall food and service was just nothing to rave about in my opinion. The zucchini cakes were outstanding, and the octopus was cooked perfectly and well seasoned... but the good food ended there. For our mains we ordered the lamb medallions and the night's duck rotisserie special. Both portions were more than enough for an extra meal each, but were also overall very plainly prepared and garnished (EVOO, S&P, lemon, and rosemary) w/ a side of potatoes and left us extremely underwhelmed. The duck was extremely fatty with no real wow factor. The lamb had a gaminess to it that I didn't care for... For dessert the waiter mistaken our order of the baklava ice cream for a Kokkari Sundae (vanilla ice cream, chocolate fudge, and peanuts... really???), but ended up giving us both desserts comp'd once we brought it up.Overall extremely underwhelming. The restaurant itself is beautiful inside, but not necessarily located in nicest of areas. I'd just pass on this one all together... sorry.
Cozy interior with warm lighting, red brick, wood. Large cuts of meat roasting over fire are visible as you walk through the restaurant. Great appetite-boosting teaser! The space is large, but Kokkari almost always seems completely booked during peak dinner hours. Reservations recommended. Service is attentive. Everything that I tried was good. Portions were filling but not large.* Grilled octopus: Large tasty chunks of octopus. Lightly seasoned.* Crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber and yogurt: Yummy!* Feta-stuffed quail with spanakorizo and bacon: Eating quail is a pain, but I really liked the flavors of this dish.* Flourless chocolate cake: Nothing too special but my friend and I wanted some dessert.
Came here with my wife at the suggestion of my cousin to celebrate our one-year wedding anniversary. Was not disappointed.The food was tasty and ambiance was romantic. I was honestly expecting to pay a lot more for this meal.We got:Appetizers - Aginares Souvlaki, KolokithokeftethesSoup - Avgolemono (Egg-lemon chicken soup), Fakes Supa (Lentil soup)Entrees - Arnisia Paidakia (Lamb Chops), Petrale Sole (Wood-fire roasted local fish)Dessert - Yiaourti Sorbet (Yogurt sorbet topped with frozen pomegranate fruit shavings)Appetizers were absolutely delicious; we gobbled them up. Soup was a little too sour for my palate, lentil soup was great. Lamb chops is a lot, maybe the lamb shank would have been enough. Fish was superb, light and flaky. Dessert was enjoyable, probably would have gotten something warmer instead.Highly recommend this place to dine with your special someone!
Another great meal in this city. The ambiance is fantastic, and all of the staff are warm, inviting, and genuinely want you to have a good time and enjoy your food. Went here for a birthday celebration, and everyone really enjoyed their experience.
Extremely impressed by almost everything that hit my table. Had a party of five, got sat at a bit of a cramped table, but the host and hostess noticed immediately and moved us to a larger more fitting table. The server was hilarious and engaging, my ribeye was cooked (almost) perfectly, and every appetizer and salad that we got was amazing. Great balance of flavor and good attention to seasoning... I think the only thing that I was disappointed with was the lobster special that my brother ordered, too much butter. My other brother ordered a lamb shank, and I think that it was cooked perfectly, but I just don't bother with lamb shanks. Why get a lamb shank when you can get a grilled lamb chop? Anyway, nothing was particularly overpriced, the wine list was pretty well balanced. Dessert was ridiculously amazing, but you definitely need to have the server explain to you what exactly you're ordering or you'll order something you most likely won't like.All in all, great atmosphere, and a great attention to detail in every aspect of the experience. Oh one thing, though, get the lemon off of the rib eye plate. It may just be me, but I'm not fond of the idea of a half a lemon being next to my steak. It's a waste of a lemon, and if there needs to be acidity for the steak, have the chef add it himself. I forsee too many people ruining the whole dish with too much lemon. But again, that's just me nitpicking, I don't have one bad thing to say about this place.
If you want to hob nob with anyone who's anyone in San Francisco, or impress your wife, eat Greek here.
This is a great spot for lunch meetings if you work in the financial district. often times gets booked early for reservations so call a few days in advance. the lamb kebabs are awesome here (as are most things). Given the quality of food, it's surprisingly inexpensive for lunch.
Nice restaurant ambiance - very crowded on a Wednesday night so make sure you have reservations. You know it's a nice place if Mayor Willie Brown is there!Parking can really suck in this area but valet is only $8. Save yourself the headache of driving in circles.Pleasant and efficient service. My girlfriend and I tasted the Zucchini Cakes, Cheese Stuffed Calamari, Lentil Soup, and Steak. Appetizers are small but good for two people to share. Zucchini Cakes were excellent and exactly what I expected. I loved the sauce that it came with. The Calamari is not deep fried (I should have read the menu more closely) but still good. A little too much cheese after a while though, Lentil soup was good but it's just soup. Steak was very tasty and cooked to perfection.Overall a good dining experience.
Awesome LAMB on the spot but make sure you finish it.. took home the leftovers and it was like eating cardboard.Get the GRILLED OCTOPUS.. prepared just right.The hostess was so nice.. we changed our reservation like 5 times and they had no problem with it. But once we sat down the server for our table was just really airheaded. We asked her what she would recommend and usually a server should name their top 3-5 dishes right? She looks at us with a blank face and asks if we mean appetizers or main courses? And then she literally names EVERYTHING on the menu (like 20 things).Another weird thing about that place was that the server asked me how I wanted my lamb chops and I asked her if I should go with medium rare because I don't really know too much about lamb.. then she goes on explaining to me what medium rare is versus medium and I just reply to her saying no, I know what medium rare is.. I'm just asking if you recommend it.Then with the mediocre service they tag on 20% gratuity!!!! We almost disputed it but decided not to. We should have just gotten two separate tables, 4 people each.
I couldn't be any happier unless I had a Mediterranean breeze in my hair, although this location looks is more like a greek mountain side. Had all small plates to share, starting with the salad. Large beans were so tender and cooked in sauce so savory that it tasted like meat. I gnawed at the lamb ribs until the bones were shiny so as that I wouldn't leave a bit of flavor. Other notable dishes were the grilled octopus and good pita bread. Had a wonderful greek coffee and a desert that was like pudding/cheesecake along with the sweet strands of pastry. Need to add that all of this was eaten with a greek friend who found it also as appealing. Drinks were a greek red by the glass. FABOSH.
I'm rounding up from 4.5 stars. Came here for my dad's bday dinner and this place was awesome all around -- from the food to the ambience to the service. FOOD - delicious and big portions! Here are some of the highlights:-Lamb Riblets - not a lot of meat but soooo good-Lamb Shank - BOMB!-Grilled Durad - light but so flavorful and well seasoned-Brussel sprouts - got one as an app. it was super good, so we ordered a second to come with our entrees. more like a side than app-Goat Stew - interesting, really good and hearty-Pomegranate shaved ice dessert - the waiter kept reco'ing this and I was hesitant to get a "light" dessert, but this was unique and surprisingly good. It was a memorable and standout dessert-Kokkari Sundae - delicious, huge, mmm mmm good!! I love the hazelnuts on itAlso got other stuff across the table like the lamb meatballs, octopus, grilled artichoke, halibut, lamb chops, galaktoboureko dessert- all decent/good, but not as memorable as the aforementioned items.SERVICE - our server was awesome! super funny, engaging and attentive. He made great reco's (like the pomegranate dessert), which i appreciated.AMBIENCE - this place is bustling! It stayed packed for the 3 hours we were there. The decor is super nice; it makes me feel like I'm in Greece or something.Would definitely go back and looking forward to it!
Kokkari is one of the best restaurants in SF, it is a fantastic place for Greek food. I don't think there has been a single dish that hasn't been good. Of course, the grilled octopus and the lamb is absolutely amazing, the whole fish is delightful and the Pice de rsistance is the Galaktoboureko which is a Semolina custard in filo served with homemade ice cream. The atmosphere is welcoming which always results in a wonderful experience.
I had a wonderful dining experience at Kokkari. The Ambiance was wonderful and staff were inviting as well. I came here on Halloween night and surprisingly two of the servers were dressed up for Halloween! Our server was very knowledgeable on the Menu and he was very funny.  We ordered the Brussel Sprouts appetizer, which was delicious. For our entrees, we had the Lamb chops, and the Sea Bass. This was my first time having a Whole Sea Bass, and it was really good! The lemon topped it right off. The Lambchops we had were cooked medium, and it was the most amazing lambchops i ever had. I really love this restaurant and I would definitely come here again.
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants in the City. Such a wonderful and warm upscale Greek restaurant that always delivers. They have specials depending on what's in season but the Moussaka and the fried cheese (Saghanaki) and Grilled Octopus is a must-try. They have a wonderful whole fish (think Branzino) and an outstanding wine selection. Last time I was there, my friend and I had an AMAZING heirloom and burrata salad with a unique in-season Arugula-type green. The service is outstanding and everything is done with a lot of love and care. Absolute must have if you're into Greek food. It's great for families, dates and good friends :)
Definitely stronger than its sister restaurant Evvia in Palo Alto. Every time I've been here, I've had a blast with the food and service. Amazing lamb, amazing fish, amazing wine, amazing everything
I tried couple of mezzes (tapas) plus a dessert. Wine and brandy to company what I got. All good.This is your trendy restaurant when you want to have a taste of mediterranean food. Service is friendly, and you will get satisfied at the end.
Went for celebration dinner and had a phenomenal - and very large - meal served by a delightful waiter (forgot his name).Would highly recommend:- Zucchini cakes for appetizer (only two fairly small cakes)- Traditional fish of the day (I had mine grilled). This is a huge amount of food, but somehow I finished all of it- Flourless chocolate cake (two 80 year old women were dining next to my boyfriend and me and they actually ended up FEEDING US theirs, so we were sold on this by the time our appetizers were out)- Dirty vodka martini: one of the best I've had
Second time here, consistent, excellent food & service. Can't go wrong with their lamb chops, one of the flavorful, meatiest in town. We will return soon!
Come for the service. It's exceptional.
I have ate here a few times now, by far the best restaurant in San Francisco so far. Its def up to PERSIAN STANDARDS, which in my opinion is very high. Wine menu is great they have 2 list's depending on your price range. The staff is outgoing, nice, knowledgeable, and will meet your needs.I would recommend the lamb bites, and pretty much all there appetizers. I have gone w/ a few friends and just ordered 2 of every appetizer enjoyed a variety of different tastes. If your going for dinner and thinking about an entree its a no brainer go with the lamb chops you wont be disappointed.
Worth the wait.
Why do people love this restaurant? I've had lunch here 3 times and each time the food was just average. I give the place 5 stars for dcor/ambience but the food and service are sadly 1-2 stars at best. Would not dine here again. Especially at the prices they charge!
I wish they have one down in sacramento!!! My fianc been craving eating at that reasturant until now and its been one year!! Some many varieties of meats and environment are great.
This place was recommended by friends. It was not on our radar for a place to try, thank God for good friends! The place smells of wonderful roasting meats. There is a lot of room. It was great for a romantic date, business dinner, or a large group. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list. She was very helpful. They have a great menu with lots of selection and reasonable prices. My wife was satisfied to eat apps for dinner. I had the mixed rotisserie of lamb. I had to be rolled out here. If you love Greek style food, this is a must in SF!
Very swanky and a great wine selection. Next time, I'll sit by the fireplace!
Okay the economy is terrible people are loosing their jobs...it is really bad out there right???So why is Kokkari crazy busy on a Monday night?the Food is really really good. I love their wine list, their lamb , their deserts, and the appetizers are really good ( love that zucchini thingy).Well there it is create a great experience with great food and you will have customers not matter what. Great job Kokkari!!
My review is based purely on the experience I had here since I didn't actually get to taste the food. We came here directly from viewing an apartment nearby so we didn't have a reservation. It was clearly full up but we were told that the bar is "first come first served". There was a group ahead and they were quickly seated so in my head we were next in line...but oh was I wrong. A few minutes later a couple came in and overtook us in line. I forgave them pretty fast as I thought that they might not have realised we were waiting. 10 minutes later they left. If I could only tell them how good a decision that was... A few minutes before they left, two well-groomed ladies had arrived, disregarded the bunch of people waiting and took stance behind two guys who looked liked they were almost finished. "Can't be"; I thought to myself. "Why would anyone do that?"; I thought to myself. I found out the answer around an hour later (an hour of waiting). Another couple of well-groomed ladies came in (after 3 more couples entered and refused to acknowledge that others were waiting) and were happy to see people they knew eating at the bar. We overheard them ask their friends "so how does it work, can we sit here?" So it was about to happen again. No one cares. And atmosphere ruined. I left feeling stupid and embarrassed that I had hope in the kindness of people.In a fancy restaurant I can't accept that we're supposed to fight with each other for a seat at the bar. The clientele have no manners or respect or human decency for that matter! First come first served? Nope. First one to be an inconsiderate a** served. It felt like we were gatecrashing a party here. Except that everyone here was making it impossible to do so. I get that the bar staff are very busy but can it be so impossible that they notice that people are waiting and others just come in and steal seats? I read some reviews where for some people it seems fun and "interesting" to act like this. Oh please. I mean, I am new to the US but really? In fancy restaurants we're supposed to fight, whereas in the Taco Bell around the corner we're actually decent humans who actually wait in line? (and yes I know it's not exactly the same thing but this is the first and only time I've experienced such rudeness and snobbery). I imagine this is the kind of place that appeals to pretentious locals and rich (also pretentious) visitors. If you want to come here with a group of people and act like a jerk for the night; book a table and have fun. It's gotten enough reviews to suggest the food is fine and I'm sure the service is overwhelmingly good once you're seated and spending money. But for those who still think SF is a pretty amazing city and anyone who still has hope for society: AVOID
Very tasty food and friendly service. Not very authentic (I'm Greek), but tastier than the original in many cases.Though it was hilarious how some of these dishes are presented as culinary delicacies when in Greece they're considered cheap, uninteresting food (e.g. the lentil soup). :P
Amazing lamb. Perfectly seasoned and cooked. My mouth is watering thinking about it. It is one of the only dishes that I have craved for a while after I ate it. Vegetable appetizer plate with artichoke and asparagus was perfectly cooked. The wine was amazing! Decent priced for the cheapest malbec and it delicious.
A bit overrated, but still a great place for a nice date. I also had headcheese for the first time here, which I've always wanted to try. Overall, the food was good, but priced accordingly, so it didn't make the experience exceptional since the prices scaled far too well, and made it somewhat pricy compared to any other nice Mediterranean places. However, really fancy Greek/Med places aren't as common as one would hope, and thus, Kokkari fulfills a need, and the ratings that it receives reflect its position as one of the best Greek places in the city.
Having worked at a Greek restaurant, it was fun to go somewhere else and be able to recognize and compare the dishes. My boyfriend took me here as a surprise and it was WONDERFUL. The moment we walked in we were greeted with a warm room that looked like someone's beautiful living room converted into a dining space with a nice bar, couches, and a fireplace with a spit roasting lamb and chicken. The smell of the food plus the spices was incredibly inviting.We didn't think to make reservations on a Tuesday but it was packed so we were told we could wait to see if there was a cancellation or sit at the bar. After waiting for maybe five minutes someone came over and said they could separate a large "family" table so we could dine. We were very grateful. Once we were seated our waiter came by and was friendly and knowledgeable. My boyfriend ordered the Mythos beer which was fabulous and we started out with the kalamari appetizer stuffed with olives, fennel and feta - amazing. We both decided we had to have lamb being at a greek restaurant so he got the lamb shank and I got the lamb special. His practically melted in our mouths it was so good and he cleaned his plate. My lamb was much simpler - it felt like it was something you could totally make on your own (in a good way) - but was still delicious. We finished with some coffee and baklava (also delicious)The service was accommodating, the environment got an A+ and the food was mouthwatering. Next time we know to make reservations but I can't wait to go back!
I had the most amazing meal at Kokkari l. We started with the watermelon salad, fried cheese and roasted shrimp. For our main dish we got the Branzino and rounded out the meal with the sundae. Everything was of the highest quality and seasoned exceptionally well. No skimping on ingredients here. If you want a wonderful food experience please come here. You will not be disappointed.
We ordered the market fish for the first time ever. It was delicious! Great ambiance for a special occasion.
A friend took me here for my birthday and it's now one of my favorite spots. The dining room is huge and gorgeous and the food was amazing!
My boyfriend and I came here on a Friday, but couldn't get reservations in time so we arrived at around 5:30 right as it opened. Although there were people already there waiting to be seated for reservations and at the bar, so it seemed like they must have opened at 5. We hovered around for about 10 minutes and got wine, and were able to get a seat at the bar when some guests with reservations got their table. The server at the bar was excellent, and he seemed to know lots of locals that came in.We went with 4 apps:Gigantes- oven-baked giant beans with tomato sauce, olive oil & herbed fetaSpanakotiropita - traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill Sparaggia - wood oven roasted asparagus with feta & dillKolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressingEverything was fresh and tasty, but the filo pies were by far my favorite. Light, flaky and cheesy but not overpowering. The beans could have had a hint more distinctive flavor profile.We split one entree, the Psari sto Furno - wood-oven roasted with Yukon Gold potatoes, scallions & avgolemono, which was a Branzino. Again, cooked perfectly. The dish could have used a different note in it, but it was enjoyable.There are so many apps that looked good that I'd probably try different ones but get the filo pies again! Service and ambiance are great. Lots of large groups and couples on date night.
Fantastic service, great food quality, and phenomenal ambiance. We shared several appetizers, and the lamb shank, outstanding!
Yet another awesome meal at this amazing restaurant. Kokkari is usually our first choice for a tasty, kinda fancy meal for special occasions and out of town guests. This place never disappoints!So I'm a newly-converted pollo-pescetarian hence a new world of options has opened up for me, before I used to go to a restaurant and just order the veg stuff on the menu but places like Kokkari make me realize what I was missing! Tonight we were a part of a large birthday party and everyone except two (including me) ordered some version of lamb for the main course. Now I'm not a meat connoisseur but everyone raved about their dish. I took a bite from hubby's order of lamb rack, it was melt-in-the-mouth tender! The starters were plenty, consisting of grilled octopus, calamari, fava beans, beet salad... We polished it all off! I ordered the branzino, Mediterranean fish. It was buttery just melted in the mouth! This place is top notch!
I came here with a Greek family who frequent this restaurant for yearrrrssss. I guess they had to through some Greek weight around to get us in on Saturday night.The decor is very Old World, but still clean and crisp. The place is much bigger than you would imagine walking in. There is a larger dining room in the back. To get to the bathroom, you have to go down an elevator (as typical in San Fran - bathroom always up or down). On the lower level, there are two private dining rooms and wine cellars. I felt like I was in an old castle!I heard tons of hype about Kokkari before our visit, and I was not disappointed! The manger, Demetri, was very nice when we arrived. Although our table wasn't ready, he invited us back to this wine island, so that we felt "more welcome". He checked on us a couple times throughout the meal.Chris was our waiter. He knew the menu and specials like the back of his hand. It was apparent he is an expert his profession. Although, he did seem a little stressed out with several large parties in his section. It seemed like he needed one more bus boy/helper.We ordered.... everything. We started with feta cheese and olives for the table. The feta was wondrous like nothing I've had before. Then, octopus salads. The octopus was charred and the dressing was perfect, not too heavy. Apparently, this is only on the lunch menu, but we called ahead to make sure we could all have it for dinner. I ordered the lamb chops at Chris' suggestion. I've never had such amazing lamb!!! One person in our party said to Chris, "I am going to let you surprise me!" - Chris brought him the 22 oz bone in ribeye steak, blackened with lemon sauce. Seriously, WORDS DO NOT DO IT JUSTICE!For dessert, we got everything! Galaktoboureko, Milo Furnisto, Baklava and Rizogalo. All FANTASTIC!!! Not your typical desserts, but then again it was my first true Greek dining experience.The place was packed even when we left at 10:30! I am wondering if they did 3 or even 4 seatings that night.BOTTOM LINE: Do not miss Kokkari! Fantastic dining experience. Plan in advance and make a reservation.
I am a lucky girl with a bf that knows my taste palette well :) Revisited Kokkari's last night for a Valentines day dinner and was just as impressed as I was the previous time. There was a prix fixed menu with 5 different starters. We thought we had to choose one out of the list but then the waiter was like, you get one of each of these!!! Awesome! Loved the grilled pita with yogurt, eggplant, hummus, cheese wrapped in filo, and veggies. I was sad when the plate was bussed with half of each dollop of dip left, I would have totally eaten it later.Then there was duck dolmas and shrimp. Usually I have a problem with dolmas being too tart or tangy but these were just great! ... Then, there was more, a traditional Greek salad. Refreshing but had to doggie bag half to save room for our entrees.I really wanted the lamb chops cause I loved them so much the first time I had them but I ventured out of my comfort zone and ordered the lamb rotisserie special they were offering. It ended up being just as satisfying. The meat was so tender and sat on top of some roasted potatoes. Delicious.Dessert - the semolina custard. I wish there was more then 2! Crispy and gooey all at the same time accompanied by some blood orange drizzy and vanilla ice cream. It was a fantastic dinner!!
This place deserves all the hype. Food was amazing and I only had appetizers... Can't wait to sample the dinner menu. My hubby and I came on NYE for his birthday... We failed to make a reservation so shows up early to sit at the bar... Was a bit disappointing that it was to early for dinner menu but in the end it worked out. We ordered several appetizers, had some drinks and enjoyed ourselves with great company and amazing service. As a bonus they brought out a nice dessert for the hubby which we devoured ;)
Upscale, romantic place. My fiance had taken me for dinner. The service was top notch. We had lamb chops, zucchini cakes...Well worth the experience.
I'm a huge fan of this place. I've probably been here about 10 times and have always had a great experience. It's definitely the best Greek restaurant in SF.There's a lot of great things on the menu but my personal favorite is the lamb chops. I get them pretty much everytime I'm there.Of the appetizers, my favorites are the saghnaki and the grilled octopus. For entrees, other than the lamb chops, they usually have some really good rotisserie options and the whole fish is also a great choice. If your entree doesn't include Kokkari potatoes, make sure to order some of those. I also love the atmosphere. The interior has a rustic elegance and is very homey. There are also some huge tables so it's very easy for them to accommodate large groups but it's nice enough to come here on a date.
The service was outstanding. Elegant atmosphere. The Greek salad was light and flavorful. The flour less cake had a hint of espresso and was the best I've ever had. Delightful place!
My wife and I went here during our last visit to San Francisco and ended up going to dinner here based on the reviews. We ended up really enjoying the food and had a great time. We will definitely be back to Kokkari.
Kokkari is incredible!! Everything we had was delicious! My favorites were the grilled artichoke & eggplant skewers with Greek yogurt and the wood oven roasted whole fish. It was some type of white fish and was absolutely divine! The preparation was so simple, yet it was so delicious. The zucchini cakes, lamb meatballs, and lamp chops were also really great. Kokkari also has a great wine selection. The only thing I wasn't really a fan of was the baklava, which I thought was too nutty and dry. In either case, I couldn't stop thinking about our dinner and can't wait to come back and have the fish again!
I liked their zucchini cakes and grilled squid.I didn't like my main dish- Butternut Squash Ravioli with feta cheese and sage.Atmosphere is very high scale and classy. Service is excellent.High cost... $$$.It can get REALLY loud during lunch.
Amazing food and service! will definitely be back!
I came for birthday with a group of 6 people. We got seated right in the center it was a great spot. My favorite plate was the tzatzitki with pita and the Marithes Tiganites, the lamb niblets were good too, you cant leave without trying them! I did not feel like the server was a fan of a young crowd, and I am disappointed they didn't care to ask if we were celebrating an event MY BIRTHDAY! since did not get Happy Birthday on my dessert plate! However they still get 4 stars from me...great place. Loved their Pita bread!
I've spent some time in Greece with my Greek husband so I do know Greek food. This place is overrated and overpriced for the taste and quality of food that you get . I had dinner here twice this year (not my choice but my out of town Greek friends wanting to check it out) and both times were underwhelming. The food were just way too SALTY! On a positive note, SERVICE was always professional.
Wow - fantastic atmosphere and table spacing + quality menu = LOVE!I don't know how I've missed this place in previous trips to San Francisco, but I'm glad I finally found Kokkari this trip! High end Greek place (none of the usual blue and white decor!) with an extensive menu. Service is top notch and they have good knowledge of the menu.Everything I had was delicious but some standouts for me were their meatballs appetizer (amazing taste and texture sitting in a light sauce) and I loved the fire-roasted chicken dish with the salad and potatoes. You can see the chickens roasting in the open fire and they're perfectly tender and juicy.It's a touch on the pricey side but it can work for both casual and special occasions. I would definitely come back.
The food here is awesome, but the service wasn't. Both the hostess staff and bartenders were unpleasant to deal with.
We fly across the US and eat here whenever possible. Worth every calorie!! The waiter helps us with dinner selections. Tell Max hi when you come.
A SF hot spot! Busy on a Sunday night!Came without reservations but sat at nice bar.Great service! Have Plomari ouzo!Do spring lamb on spit nightly in open wood fireplace! Take it off around 6pm, so if you want it hot, come early! Rare in US. Seasoned excellently!Good olive oil and eggplant salad.Greek salad was on plain side and pita bread too thick.Great galaktoboureko dessert and Samos dessert wine!Worth coming back for!
Awesome food and fantastic service, try the lamb tongue it is fantastic, the grilled cheese is delicious.
Wonderful customer service! We stopped in one evening during our trip (without a reservation) and were unable to get a seat. The hostess and manager offered us a reservation for lunch the following day - we were NOT disappointed. The Greek salad and ravioli were fabulous. The wine selection was great. Wonderful deserts. Amazing atmosphere. I highly recommend it.
Really amazing place for dinner.
Really enjoyed the service. I thought the food was good, but not amazinnngggg. I enjoyed the octopus and the lamb chops.
Ok so we couldn't get in for dinner ( world series and the fact that this is the most popular place to eat in the city). We opted to get there when they opened at 11:30 and get seats at the bar. By noon time it's was almost full. Success! We ended up getting a terrific meal, half roasted chicken with roasted potatoes Greek style. Chicken soup, stuffed grape leaves all absolutely wonderful. Bartender was very friendly and prompt without feeling rushed. The atmosphere in the restaurant was warm and welcoming even though it's a large space. They have private rooms down stairs for functions. Open kitchen in one room and a roasting fireplace that they roast the chickens and lamb among other things in the main room. Just a great experience overall and I can see why it's rated #1 on TripAdvisor. Now the best part dessert! The wife got the baklava with homemade vanilla ice cream and I got the galoktobutica with pistachio ice cream and candied fruit. By far the best dessert I have every had. Forgot to mention that I am 100% Greek so this makes me an expert on the subject. Go here if you are lucky enough to be in this wonderful city.
We walk in.We are in Greece. We are greeted by the nicest, most beautiful, brunette lady with a big smile. The place smells very inviting -- a mixture of stew, lamb and fish, but in the nicest way possible -- does that even make sense?We walk across the restaurant and we are seated at our table. Our waiter comes very promptly, another Mediterranean looking person. And guess what? He's Turkish! He tells us all about the fresh fish that came from the Aegean sea that morning. He makes his recommendations, gives us the lightest, most delicious Greek wine recommendations and magically disappears - only to appear when and if we need him. Does he read our minds? Possible.The lamb was delicious. Ok, great, everyone talks about this lamb. Let's talk about this fish. OH THE FISH. In that wonderful, lemony-olive oily delicious sauce, the fish was fresh-- still smelled like the Aegean. Just absolutely wonderful. The baklava was not heavy, very tasty-- just like the ones my grandmother used to make. My favorite place in San Francisco. Hands down.
So good every time! Attentive, friendly service and a lot of simple foods (what we've ordered, at least) done very well. Love the mezze platter. It's also not as loud as you might expect a restaurant of its size to be.
Grilled octopus, lamb chops, and a half bottle of red. These guys make perfection look so easy.
if you are lucky enough to sit next to the huge window on a hot day...it's refreshing! Great interior designs...feels like someone's cabin, very invitingHowever, the food didn't grab me:-Roasted Beets and Kokkari salad. (luv beets and arugula)-Whole baked fish - it was OK. Not a whole lot of taste. Few slices of lemon garnish and black peppers...-Moussaka, not a fan of lamb so I don't want to commentJust 3stars...sorry!
I love this restaurant. Food is great, service is grand, and decor is warm.The wait staff were absolutely delightful. Quite pricey but one of the best places in SF. Very small portions but the food and service was perfect.All around an awesome experience, I highly recommend this.
Hands down in my Top 5 of Favorite Restaurants EVER. The service is ALWAYS amazing and the food is beyond delicious. The spreads are so yummy as an appetizer and the smelt is also my favorite.If you have a group of around 6 people I recommend calling and requesting the table in front of the fire. The setting is amazing and super cozy.Love this restaurant and it delivers consistently. Been going for over 8 years and it never disappoints.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in SF. Their grilled Octopus is a MUST! I have tried many dishes there. If you're a meet lover then Kokkari is your place. One of my favorite meet dishes is their goat moussaka. And of course lamb chop is a standard. If you're a seafood lover Kokkari is THE place. They have the best Seas bass, and I recently tried grilled Branzino fish and I think it was the best grilled fish that I have ever had in my life.
EVERYTHING at this restaurant is amazing. This is the perfect spot for an anniversary dinner or special occasion. Very fancy, beautiful, romantic ambiance. And the food is fucking legit. Try anything: it's all great. I especially love the lamb meatballs, lamb skewer, homemade hummus varieties, and any kind of fish. Also they make a damn good drink. When I picture the ultimate "San Francisco dining experience", I picture Kokkari.Call in advance, dress nice, and prepare to be wined and dined.
Lamp Chops...Mmmm....Best I've ever had!
Normally I hate wearing dresses. I work a 9-5 job, and I make sure I wear slacks as much as possible, so much easier to move in. So when my boyfriend requests for me to wear a dress to dinner, I figure I'm making a big effort to be impressed with the bloody restaurant or I'm punching someone on the way out with the f***en heels I will be forced to wear. We came here on a Friday night (make reservations ahead of time), and I was so blown away from the entire experience, that to this day I still think of it fondly. So glad I dressed up because 99% of the people in that restaurant were in some of their best attire.Our server was wonderful, recommended dishes according to our tastes and knew exactly what wine to pair each dish off with. We had the grilled octopus (perfect texture, not rubbery at all), the zucchini cakes (delicious, my favorite part of the meal) which was topped off with a herbed yogurt , the halibut, the swordfish, and the baklava with pistachio ice cream for desert (a little too sweet, but delicious nonetheless). Several different glasses of wine, can't remember which ones, but they were so soft and light. We were probably there for almost 3 hours, and everything seemed perfect, they never rushed us out and were very attentive. I hope I can come back some other day to try more items from their menu. I think the dress and heels combination might be a magic worker for these date nights.
Octopus is a must have!
One of the best restaurants in the city!
One word to describe this place: phenomenal. Clean, great staff, exceptional food. The lamb chops + zucchini cakes are a must.
Went again for dinner on a Friday evening and had a fabulous dining experience (again). As mentioned in my previous review, the ZUCCHINI CAKES were divine! I tried the MOUSSAKA which is a traditional eggplant based greek casserole (delicious) and the halibut! Excellent service and lovely ambiance. Five stars to KOKKARI!
Incredible meal!   Best lamb chops ever!  Unbelievable beet salad with garlic pure!   Lamb ribs.  Omg!   Grilled octopus.  Best I have ever eaten. Zucchini cakes!  Fried cheese.  Heavenly meal!
Best lamb in SF Bay Area. Food has always been great whenever I visit.However, one visit we checked about 20 minutes early for our reservation ... Stood by the bar and about 45 minutes passed and people that arrived later were being seated. Realized that they had forgot about us. Management was good about it and offered us free appetizers, but a restaurant of this caliber should not be making errors like that.
Kokkari, Im in love with you....As good as it gets dining experience in San Francisco.Pros:- Solid Food (not all dishes are perfect to my taste, but more than plenty of lip-licking options to choose from) - will list my faves below.- Valet Parking - $8 worth of happiness in crammed FiDi- great ambiance and large enough space for corporate groups - beautiful venue, pleasure to go to with clients, parents, that special someone and other VIPs- full bar- the food is not cheap, but not eye-popingly priced either, perfect balance- top-notch friendly fast service, crispy linens.... all the good stuffCons: - make your reservations in advance, if you are not Greek.... Even if you are Greek, but w/o a reservation and not an owner's family member - you will be waiting at the bar to be seated, like a poor distant relative, possibly for a long time.Viktia's favorite dishes: - Octopus appetizer (get in ether form, salad or just grilled octipus chunks) - always fresh, plump and delish- Main: whole-grilled fish with greens, order fish dry, w/o butter - tasty dinner option in case I watch my calories (luckily in Kokkari it comes without sacrificing my dining experience)- Mains option-2 is all things LAMB: chops, souvlaki (aka kebab), moussaka - all fantastic. I would only stay away from the lamb rotisserie - very fatty.- Dessert: filo with semolina custard (tube-shaped pastry filled with delicious custard, comes with a scoop of ice-cream. Kokkari used to have this MIND-BLOWING home-made baklava ice-cream (vanilla base with droplets of honey and baklava) that I highly suggest to get with your Filo instead of the plain vanilla. I pray baklava ice-cream will be back soon. FYI i hate writing essays and such... Back in school I'd rather poke my eye out, than write something of this length, but in case of Kokkari the words of joy are just pouring out of me..and its a good thing :)I'll be back soon!.
Wait staff is very friendly and food was delicious.
I feel so bad doing this and I will definitely give this place another shot, but I was just not impressed by the food! Note, though, that I'm in no way familiar with Greek/Mediterranean food.An amazing friend and fellow Elite brought me here for my birthday dinner and we were very excited to experience such a highly rated restaurant. Our table was ready and waiting for us upon arrival and service was both genuine and attentive throughout the night. While I was surprised by balloons and ice cream, our actual food orders failed to please.We started with Arnisia Plevrakia, which were good, but didn't stand out as anything special. For entree's we shared the Moussaka and the Souvla Tis Emeras, which I believe was roasted pork shoulder and belly. The pork belly was good, but the shoulder section was on the dry side and lacked flavor. As for the Moussaka, it was a strange dish, and while I can't say it was good, I kept eating it -- I did, however, need to add salt to get the flavors to pop more.Besides the best company I could wish for, the highlight of the night was the birthday ice cream. They make it in-house and I really enjoyed it.I want to try the Kokinisto me Manestra and Mosharisia Brizola next time, but we ordered this time based off Yelp tips and pictures. Hopefully I'll have a chance to update and upgrade this review!
If you love Mediterranean food, this is the place for you. The food is melt in your mouth amazing, the staff is super friendly, and the atmosphere is delightful. This is my go to spot for birthdays, special occasions or when a vendor wants to take me to lunch :-).
I must admit, I was quite skeptical when I found out when my buddy John P announced that Kokkari would be the location of his Birthday Dinner.Being raised on quick but affordable Greek fare such as Gyro, Dolmades, and Falafal, I was at a loss at how a restaurant could justify charging $$$ for similiar cuisine. (It was the sentiment I got from dining at "haute" Mexican Cuisine which btw was a disaster)Kokkari put my worries to rest in such a big way that I almost felt ashamed for doubting it altogether.The interior reminded me of a dressed up version of a hunting lodge, the high wooden beams contrasting nicely with the white table cloth. The service was flawless. It's a challenge for any establishment to handle a party of 10 adequately, but the staff at Kokkari did so while maintaining an ingratiating spirit and a smile on their faces.This ain't your typical "pita pit", and this was where I was "wowed" the most. I thought I had a pretty good grasp on Greek food so I was shocked to see the zucchini cakes, fried cheese, beef tongue, grilled fish on the menu (among others). We decided to order family-style so everyone could get a taste of everything (which I HIGHLY recommend if you decide to go). Each dish was perfectly prepared and elegantly constructed highlighting the freshness of each of the main ingredients so flawlessly the only reason I stopped eating was bc of the horrible noise produced by my gut straining against my Jeans.Whether it's a business dinner or just a night out, Kokkari's definitely got the goods to make you say Ooohhhh!
Always a great meal. Have dined here 6-8 times, very reliable. Love the rotisserie pork special, and the Summer Berry Pudding is to die for, I bought their cookbook in order to get that recipe!
Amazing food, great ambiance, great service.As a huge fan of Greek and Mediterranean food I was on a mission to find my go-to spot when I first moved to San Francisco. And the search was over after one weekend evening when I stumbled upon Kokkari and ate at the bar - one dirty martini and delicious grilled lamb riblets and the meal had started out quite well!My favorite dishes:- Favosalata spread- Baked feta- Feta filo pies- Classic greek salad- Any lamb or fish dish!My only complaint is how hard it is to get a reservation here - but that should be expected with food this good!For those of you who are often in south bay - Evvia is their sister restaurant in Palo Alto. Same menu, also incredibly popular and great atmosphere.
This was the last sit down restaurant on our business trip to SF. We went here for lunch. I'm totally glad we went here and was worth the money. The main dinning area upon entering has a nice old design. Chairs are huge (each one seemed different) and reminded me of the chairs you see in movies where an old guy is sitting at a fireplace reading. The whole restaurant has a old feel to it, which I enjoy (absolutely love stuff that is designed based on the past). We were guided in the back of the restaurant which is had more traditional seating + layout. The chefs cook out in the open so you can actually see them cook your meal (if you want to stand there and stare at them I guess). Our waiter was very attentive and great to talk to. He loved everything though, which made choosing difficult! For starters, we got the grilled octopus and it was awesome. Very soft and juicy on the inside with a slight crunch on the outside (it wasn't crispy but it wasn't simply soft which I loved). For entrees, we ended up getting the Ravioli and Moussaka. The Ravioli was very light and I would recommend it to anyone who isn't looking to feel like death after eating. It tasted great, but the portions were very small (three pieces of ravioli) The Moussaka though was AMAZING. Lamb, yogurt sauce, and eggplant = win! Everything just mixed so well and it was a treat to eat. Our tab came out to be $53 (before tip). This is another place on my list of places to visit whenever I am in SF (the other place on that list is soto mare so check that place out if you can)!
A couple of the apps could have been warmer. One of the mains was the wrong item, took about 10 min to get the replacement and to the waiter's credit he brought out some grape leaves on the house. One main (lamb from the rotisserie) had more gristle and fat than I would have expected (and I like the flavor these impart, but 40-50% is a little heavy) and the moussaka was pretty salty. The ribeye was out of this world good and desserts were fantastic. Reasonable price for a bottle of good Greek wine the waiter recommended. Overall a good but not amazing experience, but I'd certainly give another try.
One of my farovite place in the city . I can go there almost everyday and eat the same food, even if I'm Italian this place and the food are amazing .. The Octopus grill are really good, the tzatziki with the pita bread and veggie are really good. Perfect spot for a lunch and a quite for a great dinner .
Delicious food. The fried cheese was yummy. The lamb and rib eye were very well seasoned and cooked medium to medium rare. The best dish of the night was the fish. Whole fish and ZERO bones... amazing. I guess you pay for the excellent service in the kitchen and on the floor. The only dish that was over cooked was the brussel sprouts.
What a fabulous lunch. I sat at the bar and was served by Brett. Great guy! I started with the fried smelts (fries with eyes) which is my favorite snack in the world. I also enjoyed the lamb burger which was cooked perfectly and was sooo good! I washed it all down with a cold Greek Pilsner. I'm so glad I finally made it. I can't wait to take friends there for dinner! Thanks again Brett!!
Best restaurant in the city. Order goat and order the desert blintz like filled deliciousness. Grilled fish (full fish) is also amazing. Dates, work lunches and dinners with friends perfect....
One of my other favorite restaurants in the city. Their lamb shank is to die for. Also, they have a seasonal peach salad that is simply delectable. I literally crave for it. The fudge sundae is probably the best dish they have though: the softest, home made whipped cream ever. 10/10
Couldn't be better;Seaside in Santorini; Top tier food indeed.
Excellent service, amazing food, fabulous wine selection. Ask for the squash blossoms (they are not on the menu), and make sure to make a reservation, as they are so hot that finding a table without reservation is almost impossible.
This place is good and I will put my money against anyone that says it isn't! Why waste words trying to describe and try making a reservation and see for yourself!
Unbelievable food and service. Try the zucchini cakes and if they have it try the Sunchokes.
One of my Fav restaurants in San Fran! Everything on the menu is delish and the fantastic wine list. Call days in advance though or first come first serve at the bar.
A truly great dining experience! I came here with a group for a weekday lunch and apparently, our reservation for that day was accidentally entered for the correct time, but a month later. The hostess was able to accommodate our group and was really sweet and professional about the mistake. We were seated within three minutes of her fixing the reservation. Our waiter was even better, witty yet professional, and he even admitted he had OCD as a waiter, which kept our lunch classy but definitely made our dining experience entertaining and funny especially when things weren't set on the table correctly. As starters, I tried the grilled calamari and zucchini cakes. The calamari was perfectly grilled and the zucchini cakes were packed with lots of shredded zucchini and was nicely encrusted. I settled for the special of the day, Pastitsio, which is like a Greek lasagna... I definitely couldn't pass this up. I loved that the pastitsio was made with bucatini pasta and that it was packed with spices, specifically oregano and cinnamon. My friend ordered the lamb medium, and because her lamb came out medium well, our waiter comp'd her meal at the instant she sliced into her lamb and he saw that it was not as pink as it should have been. While my friend insisted it wasn't necessary, our waiter further insisted that she shouldn't have to pay for something she didn't order / wasn't cooked properly. That was the most food related concern I've ever seen from a waiter in my life haha. We ended our lunch with the baklava and Kokkari sundae. I could not stop eating the baklava or the homemade ice cream in the sundae. These were perfect desserts to end a perfect meal!
My husband took me here for my birthday. The ambiance was dim-lit and romantic. Our server was really personable and knowledgeable about the specials. My husband had the scallops and I had the chicken. Incredibly tasty food! We would definitely go here again. :)
Kokkari never disappoints! I've been here twice and my last time here was with 4 coworkers. Platinum Amex Concierge was able to get us a last minute reservation and we jumped on it. The fried cheese appetizer is to die for. Never had cheese taste so good. I ordered the Lamb and it was cooked to perfection. I will definitely come back here again.
The best greek food ever!!! Everytime I come here, I'm never disappointed. Great atmosphere, excellent service and simply the best greek food- period. The last time I came I was with a group of 8-10 people. Comfortably seated us at a big round table- always a good sign. What else can I say! This place is tasty good!!
This place is amazing. The interior is set up nicely and can accommodate large groups. Service was top notch. Our waiter was so knowledgeable and helpful in recommending dishes. Everything we ordered was delicious but the true highlight of the night was the baked fish served with lemons. Nice and simple. It's a tad pricey at Kokkari but it's definitely worth the splurge for a special occasion.
This place was pretty good. I am amazed at the fact that it's soooo large yet on a Tuesday, it was a packed house. You can't go wrong with any meal there. Of course, gotta try the lamb. Ask the waiter about the appetizers, they'll definitely recommend something good.
I've heard so much about this restaurant, I had to bring my sis from out of town to it and I am glad I did.The food came out quick and was super delicious. We had the kalamata pita, gigantes, pumpkin ravioli and for dessert we had the baklava with vanilla ice cream. Our server was super Greek and on top of his game!
Delicious food-- especially the whole grilled fish, fantastic atmosphere, appropriate pricing and very speedy and kind staff. Great place to take a date.
Took a friend for his 50th Birthday and it was a treat for both of us. The food was excellent, I had the moussaka, yum! We had two appetizers, the sunchokes and spanakopita both were great but especially loved the sunchokes. My friend had the whole fish and finished it all. The service was the best, our waiter is originally from Greece and made confident recommendations explaining so much - it felt as though we could have been in Greece. Glass of wine and dessert was also delicious; however, I was so full by the time the dessert arrived, I literally had two bites and was done. Memorable experience and will go back.
Wonderful dinner and date place! It's in a quieter part of FiDi, so street parking within a quarter mile (is that far?) is usually easy. Dark wood and modern interior, vast wine list, and helpful and patient staff top my list of pros. The vegetarian options are not what I would describe as plentiful, but I was very happy with my selection of 2 entrees or plethora of starters. Meal was great; I would definitely return :)
Came here for my b-day... while everything was good... nothing was outstanding. Maybe we ordered the wrong stuff that night. I guess next time I'll save the trip and just eat at Evvia in Palo Alto. A couple of turn offs... we got sat way way in the back where 1) you're packed much tighter 2) I noticed the chairs are pretty skimpy compared to the ones in the front dinning room (did we pay less for our food or something?). Their bathroom was out of order and you had to exit the restaurant, go on the street, go to the restaurant next door, deal with the hostess that gave you 'the evil eye', take the elevator down stairs before you get to pee. Our waiter was very attentive and the Right Hand Man Syrah hit the spot.
Although it's tough to find a decent reservation time on weekends, this restaurant is worth all of the hype. The food was delicious, presented well and the service was top-notch.  The lamb chops were extremely favorable and everyone had nothing but good things to say about their appetizers and entrees.
We made a meal of eight appetizers and a few entres and nothing we had was anything less than fantastic. I especially loved the gigantes beans and the mushroom nettle ravioli.The service was super efficient.A+.
Started off with the prawns appetizer even though deep fried zucchini appeared to be all the rage, but we didn't think deep fry would be that impressive so we passed. Shrimp was delicious! And dipping the yummy bread in the sauce to absorb it was the only reason why I didn't lick the skillet it came on. I ordered lamb chops, came with potato wedges, it was pretty yummy. Think my bf liked It more than I did though. Bf ordered the goat stew. OMG. Perfection. Orzo, goat, artichoke hearts and whatever else was hidden in this skillet was heavenly. It's not always available so get it when you can!! We had leftovers and it was still yummy the next day.We were stuffed but the table next to us ordered three desserts and they looked so good that we had to get one. Went for the berry pudding special. Cooked berries with lady fingers and whipped cream. Delicious!! BF also got greek coffee which was weird. Came in the little shot glass style, but at the bottom of the cup was a bunch of grinds.... not used to getting the grinds served WITH my coffee....Service was fabulous. Drinks were good. One of the best birthday dinners (albeit belated) ever!
We visited here last week to catch up with old friends from years ago. I give it five stars for a warm, comfortable atmosphere and overall ambiance. We had the best time, and I am willing to say it was my favorite evening while in the Bay Area for several days. Our server was the best. He was knowledgeable, witty, patient, and attentive all around. I was the only Kokkari first-timer of our group; this place was chosen based on everyone else's previous experiences. The menu offered several appetizing options, and I was super hungry, so it was difficult for me to narrow it down. Three of us ordered the rotisserie special for the evening, Napa Spring lamb. One person ordered lamb chops. We all shared several delicious appetizers: flaming cheese, grilled calamari, and dolmathes. All superb. The lamb was all delicious. My only complaint was the tiny portion of edible meat. From my expensive Napa special, I had about seven bites. I was still hungry. We informed the waiter who then informed the manager. They offered more food, which was nice, but we just wanted them to know it wasn't enough deliciousness!!! Desserts included a berry tarte with ice cream, a custard with burnt/brandied peach, and a mountain of berries. I did not eat these, but the others in my party said they were superb as well. While I only visit SF once a year, I hope to someday return to Kokkari. It was an unforgettable evening for many reasons, but the restaurant made it happen!
I have been a fan of Evvia since it's opening several years ago. I would go once a week when I lived down the street. Since then, I have been to Kokkari several times and can say that it is better than Evvia. I think the service is better at Evvia, but Kokkari's lamb has something on Evvia that makes it taste a little better. Maybe it's their wait time or the extra cocktails I sip down while waiting for my reservation. I'm not sure, but either place you can't go wrong if you love lamb like I do!
Really great Greek food. I can't speak to its authenticity (will update after trip to Greece ;) ) but both times I have visited I have had a pleasurable experience. The grilled octopus was delicious and the un-pronounceable sampler of varying spreads with pita is one of the best appetizers I have ever had. I had the ground lamb moussaka as a main which was very rich and hearty and which matched perfectly with the interior of the Kokkari. It is a very inviting and warm space. Well done, designers.
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco-hands down! Do me a favor and go! Order the lamb and the whole fish (you won't be disappointed).
Great food, great ambiance and great staff but dealing with the reservations was a pain.
My sister and brother-in-law treated a group of us at Kokkari for my mom's birthday. We thought we would need to use the valet service,but there's plenty of street parking nearby. We arrived quite late, but our table was still reserved. We got to sit right in front of the open grill/fire thing. There was great service right from the start. We ordered the zucchini cakes, pig trotters, some of their dips, a two fishes, duck dumplings, and the majority of us ordered the lamb chops for our main course, but my brother in law ordered the goat stew. Everything was super delicious. The zucchini cakes get a lot of buzz. They were good, but not amazing. The fish was super fresh and delicious, and the lamb chops definitely live up to their hype; they were cooked a perfect medium-rare. I'm not a big fan of sweets, but their desserts were decent. The baklava was super sweet. Their ice creams were really good. I liked that they boxed up everyone's leftovers and gave everyone their own separate bag. A small detail, but good service. I would definitely come back for those lamb chops.
Upscale, delicious, authentic Greek food in a beautifully decorated restaurant. The service was/is excellent. Great location. Will definitely return.
We had a reservation for lunch and got seated right away, which was appreciated. We started with zucchini cakes and the Greek salad. Then I got the lambchops and my friend got the sea bass, which was one of the whole fish options. The zucchini cakes, salad, and lampchops were good, but really nothing special. The sea bass was very minimally seasoned, and I didn't particularly care for it. The service was just average. Given that the restaurant was not very crowded, I think the food could have come out a lot faster and our server could have made an appearance between taking our order and giving us our check.In general, my experience here was fine, but nothing spectacular.
Every time I've tried to do a walk-in here the place was packed. No seats at the bar and a 45+ minute wait for a table. So on a Friday night my date and I thought we lucked out when the wait was an estimated 25. It took longer, and, despite the lack of bar stools available, was fairly painless. We were not the only ones standing. The crowd was extremely high end and chic (younger women dressed in sequin dresses and older ladies who lunch dressed in Chanel). One of my new lady who lunches (dinners?) friend and I commented on the muffler-less Lamborghini self-parking by the window rather than using valet. Bartenders made sure that the bar-standers glasses of wine were filled.The center piece of the bar area, which is also the front dining room, is a fireplace with a spit, roasting the special of the night. To my surprise Friday's special was peking duck---- wow, thought the Greeks stuck to lamb.My date and I did eat the lamb--- the lamb riblet meze (appetizer). Delicious. Slightly smaller than lamb chops and oh so cute.  We also picked out 3 spreads--- taramosalata, favosalata, and tirosalata--- all of which were fantastically displayed on a platter alongside olives, capers, pickled vegetables, stuffed grape leaves and the thickest pita bread I have ever encountered. Everything was delicious; my date declared the taramosalata the best he had ever had.We also ordered the grilled octopus meze--- amazingly juicy; and the baklava, also excellent. We were tempted by the Pikti, terrine of Berkshire pig, and also the dolmathes (grape leaves) special--- stuffed with lamb. As I know from a great Greek friend in New York, meat filled dolmathes are almost impossible to find.Next time we will eat earlier and look forward to delving into the main courses and, also, try more of the small plates.
Kokkari's service and food lives up to the 4 and 5 star reviews on here!It was my first time here on 10/09/2012 with a friend, and we loved both their service and food! If you get a chance to hang out by the bar, ask for Fatah. Very sociable and friendly, and is knowledgable about wine.I'd recommend anyone who wants to enjoy great food and service to stop by Kokkari. You won't regret it!
two starts because restaurant is beautiful, service is great and starters where traditional and tasted good.Unfortunately main courses where complete disaster!My husband ordered lamb and I ordered whole fish with shrimps in red souse.I can easily say that my fish was visually the most disgusting plate I ever saw.Red souse was literary splashed all over the fish and all over the plate!!Never saw anything like that.Fish was not edible at all,half of it was not grilled properly.There was 2 tiny shrimps somewhere on the plate...My husbands lamb came out cold and was not tasting good at all.Not the place we will be recommending or visiting again.
Probably my favorite restaurant in the entire city. Delicious food, excellent service.A favorite: Saghanaki, Kokkari Patates, Arnisia Paidakia, Mosharisia Brizola , and Baklava, Galaktoboureko, Sokolatina.Amazing. Divine. Incredible. Highly recommend :)
This week was probably my 10th visit and it was just as good as I remembered. There were 5 of us. We had reservations and were seated promptly. Not that i mattered because i love the bar area. We each ordered a different appetizer and shared. So delicious. I ordered the roasted Brussel Sprouts special. OMG!!! So good. We also had the lamb and I believe sausage meatballs, the Saghanaki (pan fried cheese, which I thought sounded odd but wow, melt in your mouth yummy). I can't recall the rest of the apps because by then the martini kicked in. My companions shared a few bottles of wine the waiter suggested, which they liked very much. My main course was the lamb which had been cooking on the rotisserie for at least six hours. Very moist and flavorful. Others had fish and lamb dishes. I highly recommend this restaurant. The noise level was remarkably tolerable. Sometimes I find it hard to hear in big rooms but not here. And lastly, the service was perfect. Really nice waiter. Water glasses were refilled often. Dirty plates removed in a timely manner. Looking forward to going back again soon.
I grew up eating home cooked Greek food. While this restaurant is definitely delicious, they're for sure lacking in authentic flavors/cook style. Unfortunately, there really aren't any good Greek restaurants in San Francisco. So, this gets 4 stars just for being here, and being yummy!
Great place for a date or business dinner.Service was excellent and I could not be more pleased with the food. A couple groups of us showed up and they were able to seat us together.What we ordered:Zucchini Cakes - 10/10 - so cool, just like a crab cake but made of zucchini. Grilled Calamari - 8/10 - good, but I am a sucker for fried calamari, not sure what I was expecting.Lamb Chop -10/10 - perfectly cooked and seasoned well
Kokkari is a special destination restaurant. It is pricey but the splurge is worth it. The hosts can be a bit snooty but once seated, it becomes a non-issue. Ambiance is cozy with a large roaring fire in a stone fireplace. The front room is dim and reminds me of a library room in a grand mansion with settees and stuffed chairs. The back room has the more traditional restaurant set up of tables and chairs and features a view of the open kitchen.As for the food, start with the Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata and Tirosalata dips served with house made grilled pita. This pita is nothing like grocery store bought pita. This pita is soft, warm and fluffy. My friends and I are usually generous and pile on the dip but we always seem to run out of pita before we run out of the dips. We just order more pita. Not a hardship, except on my waistline. LOL.I also like the grilled octopus. I enjoy the chewiness of the octopus but other people may think it tough. I chow down on the fried smelt. Similar to Sasa's (Walnut Creek) fish fries but meatier. It all comes down to personal preference. Speaking of which, I don't care for the taste and texture of grape leaves so I didn't care for the Dolmathes but others in my party enjoyed it. Ditto with the Saghanaki. Who wouldn't enjoy the gooey melted goodness of fried cheese? I guess do. I found it overly salty so 1 bite and I was guzzling water. Too bad because I like cheesy appetizers like cheese sticks and jalapeno poppers.For entrees, you can't go wrong with anything lamb. I usually get the chops or the Souvlaki. Yum. For dessert, go for the baklava but beware, they're super sweet so share because a little bite will do. I also like decadent Sokolatina which is a flourless chocolate cake. For a lighter and more refreshing dessert, try the ouzo sorbet.
Great place. Had a fantastic lunch here on a nice cold day. We chose a variety of appetizers and soup and really enjoyed everything.  Can't wait to go back.
It was a surprise date night and I was really impressed. I ordered chicken livers as starters and roasted chicken with leeks as entre. Chicken liver was amazing, crisp on the top, soft inside, delicate flavors. Chicken was good too. My bf had artichokes in starters and it was quite good too. I went there for dinner but would love to explore their lunch menu. Big thumbs up ! Then to dessert, ohh what lovely custard insude the thin crisps. Name was "Galaktoboureko" and is a must try.
came here for an anniversary dinner and the food was perfection. favorite dish was the octopus appetizer - ridiculously tender and simply prepared so you are just tasting quality ingredients and superior technique.we also had the lamb shank and the whole grilled sea bass -- both of which were amazing! had the baklava ice cream and it was a bit sweet but yummy and great to share.on the pricier side but well worth it for the food and service and super affordable for a special occasion!
I came here with my boyfriend and we had a great time! First of all, the ambiance is really nice and cozy, which was enjoyable. They have a ton of seating space, which is great too!We ordered the zucchini cakes for our appetizer, and loved them. The 2 cakes came with cucumber yogurt sauce and pickled cucumbers. The cakes were full of zucchini and were creamy and homey. I loved them. I would highly recommend them, even if you're not a huge zucchini fan.For the entree, I ordered their ravioli (kale and ricotta). It was good, but not as amazing as I had hoped. However, definitely delicious, and the feta cheese and mushrooms on top made the dish. My boyfriend got the lamb chops, and he devoured them. They also came with really great lemon potatoes, that I loved.Overall, really great food. I wish I had tried something else, perhaps the fish or the chicken, but I'm excited to go back and would recommend Kokkari for a fun dinner with loved ones.PS: We walked by a catered party, and it looked so fun and accommodating for groups!
First time at Kokkari and I'll be coming back.When I first arrived I was upset they seated us right at the front door. Each time that door opened I felt a cold breeze. But once the food arrived I forgot why I was upset...Appetizer:1. Fried little fish (specials): wowzer. I don't even know how to describe this but it was A++. Craving this dish right now. Assorted fish is meaty, not oily. If you don't like sardines then don't order this...but for everyone else...a must try!! Comes with fried lemon slices as well. Potato/garlic sauce smooth.2. Octopus: was a popular voted dish on yelp so I had to order it. Was good, but the fried little fishes was so good that the octopus had no chance. Main course:1. Whole fish: I picked the bass and it was the best whole fish in my life. FRESH FRESH FRESH and healthy. I ate the whole thing (with the help of my bf). No left overs.2. Roasted pork: this was a special of the day. My bf loved it and his only negative comment was "too much pork." After helping me with my fish he was too full to finish his 2 slices of pork. I give his pork dish two thumbs up.To top it off, our server Nasos was friendly, helpful, and gave perfect recommendations. Will be coming back (and next time will bring my parents).
Amazing how much difference in the "experience" the server makes - unfortunately my last visit drew the short straw. Apart from that, I know I'm in a very small minority, but I think this place is highly overrated. The food is so-so and nothing special. But my biggest complaint is the oil - they DRENCH everything in tons of oil. After my last visit, I was physically ill all night after ingesting it. The only dish saving this review from a 1-star rating was the grilled octopus which was (with all ITS oil) excellent. BUt the lamb (with its juice/grease/oil) was medicore, and the salad (again with too much oil) below average.
Fantastic, A-rating, minus one small thing. Great drinks, great food (zucchini cakes, lamb, brussels sprouts) and ambiance save for one feature - that there always seem to be escorts with old men (2x-3x in age difference) at the bar (financial district is mostly to blame, but I don't see it so obviously with the other restaurants).
Went here for my birthday with my girlfriend. Amazing! The server was attentive and friendly and gave great recommendations. Great atmosphere inside with the fireplace. I ordered the goat stew (not on the menu - the server recommended it) and it was awesome. First time ever having that and I'd definitely get it again. The appetizer he recommended, salmon with cucumber caviar, was unique and delicious. Can't wait to come back!
Simply the best and most authentic upscale Greek restaurant in San Francisco/bay area. It's all about lamb here - each and every dish is "Too Good". Also the fried octopus in appetizers is to die for.
Hands down the best Mediterranean food in San Francisco. I absolutely loved the crispy zucchini cakes, the mapakia, grilled octopus, the grilled calamari stuffed with feta, the Moussaka, and last but not least the ouzo sorbet.Go hungry and enjoy every bite.
Kokkari is damn near perfection!Having seen so many raving reviews on Yelp, a friend and I decided to go check this out for ourselves as we both work in the FiDi. Made a reservation through OpenTable for 11:45am (before the lunch rush), and we were immediately led to be seated in the main dining room next to the kitchen area. I could have sworn we were greeted hello no less than 5 times from stepping into the restaurant to reaching our table (very impressive). We were seated in the middle of the dining room area and to my right I could gaze out at the gorgeous sunny SF day. What could be better?Oh, how about the Taramosalata, Octopodaki tou yiorgou, Kolokithokeftethes, Moussaka, and Baklava special!!Alright, so who am I kidding... [translation please]Taramosalata - dip made with fish roe, served with housemade grilled pita (our waiter's personal favorite). YUM! Amazing smooth texture, incredibly aromatic and perfectly delightful on the thick and warm pita. Octopodaki - grilled octopus with lemon, olive oil, oregano. This dish seems to be a Yelp favorite and I can see why. I've never ever tasted octopus as tender and fragrant before. Ever! I loved to smother my octopus pieces in the olive oil/oregano/lemon to get all the rich flavors!Kolokithokeftethes - zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint yogurt dressing. Oh hello!! I can eat maybe 10 of these and still not get sick of its fabulousness. They're perfectly seasoned and then add the dressing into the mix... outstanding! One of my faves.Moussaka - spiced lamb casserole with eggplant, potatoes, and yogurt bchamel. We were already pretty full once our shared entree was delivered. The lamb is good (although slightly too salted for me), but what I looooved was the yogurt bchamel, this cheesy, slightly aged gooey goodness! The eggplant and potatoes were deliciously cooked.Baklava special - walnut & honey baklava mixed into vanilla ice cream, also came as our waiter's suggestion. My friend and I politely destroyed the dessert. Simply a-maaazing.I can't say anything bad about the impeccable service. Everyone was so courteous and helpful, and made sure our first visit was a memorable one. Our water glasses were never less than half empty and I can easily tell the servers and waiters were proud to be serving the great food.I want to try the whole fish next time, and of course, more appetizer! Kokkari lives up to its hype!
In San Francisco and had a remarkable dinner at Kokkari Estiatorio. Let's start with the decor which on a chilly San Francisco evening is warm and inviting. We hadn't really eaten all day so decided to try a number of different dishes. Our favorite starter may have been the Aginares Souvlaki (grilled artichokes and eggplant). Very flavorful, especially when dipped into the accompanying greek yogurt. Speaking of yogurt, the roasted beets with greek yogurt and pistachio was just as delicious. We enjoyed the grilled octopus as well but it wasn't quite as good as the other 2 dishes. The Kokkari Salata was excellent as well.For main courses, we shared the rotisserie lamb (a special that night) and the Branzino, which was grilled. In retrospect, I think I would have enjoyed the lamb skewers more. The rotisserie lamb was very good and tender but I actually like lamb more with the hint of charcoal that you get with a skewer. For me personally, it may have been the biggest disappointment but that's all relative. The worst thing I tried was better than 90% of the best things I've eaten in most other restaurants.Highly recommend and can't wait to go back.
My husband and I dined here the night after our 15th wedding anniversary. We'd celebrated our anniversary at a different restaurant, and after eating at Kokkari Estiatorio we wished we'd dined here instead, as this is the kind of place you go for special occasions. All the patrons were dressed up, and the place just feels of a high caliber all around. Although it's definitely a higher end restaurant, the ambiance is quite jolly, not at all stuffy. The service is outstanding. We oohed and aahed our way through crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber mint yogurt dressing, Horiatiki classic Greek salad, the Pikilia (mezze) platter, and the most succulent, flavorful grilled asparagus ever. We finished with a shared bowl of delightful baklava ice cream. Tip: I tried to make a reservation 5 days in advance for a Friday, but the restaurant's earliest reservation available was for 10 pm on Sat. Be sure to make your reservation well in advance - this is a popular place!
I'm Greek and this is the BEST Greek food I have ever had. Some of my favorites are the lamb riblets, vegetable souvlaki with Greek yogurt, and stuffed calamari. Those are all appetizers but the three together make a great meal. My favorite main dishes are the Branzino (whole fish) and the lamb chops. Very cool bar/atmosphere - get there early or late if you want a seat - always packed. And definitely make a dinner reservation a few days in advance. This is a very popular place (as it should be).
Came here recently with a friend for din and WOW, I really loved this place. The atmosphere is beautiful. The food was delicious. I had the pastitsio, and although it wasn't the way my yia-yia made it, it was quite delicious. My friend had the lamb souvlaki, and she gave me a taste, WOW, it was incredible! The service was excellent, helpful and friendly. Parking can be tough, though! We lucked out and found a spot very close on the street.
Lamb meatballs as appetizer was really good. Grilled octopus was yummy. Lamb chops, as everyone already mentioned, are a must.Had the filo with pistachio ice cream for dessert. Both were good, filo was especially tasty!
Something worth yelping about!Last year I traveled to San Fran for the first time and I can't stop dreaming about these fabulous lil zucchini cakes. I heard so much about it from other yelpers and had to see what the deal was. The place is really fancy and romantic.Prices are kinda high but worth it.and the zucchini cakes are to die for: the order was small since its just an appetizer.first bite was orgasmic and I giggled for a minute just because it was unbelievably awesome. it just melts in your mouth!We also ordered the lamb chops but they were a lil salty. Cant wait til my next visit, I'm sooooo looking forward to stuffing myself with just zucchini cakes=)
Came here for happy hour. Sat at the bar as the dinner was not until later. I liked the atmosphere and I liked the appetizers. The wine was quite delicious too. I have heard conflicting stories about how authentic it is as a Greek restaurant. So I will have to take my friend who has been to Greece for many times to come here and have him to tell me if it's as good. But for a happy hour setting, and very small crowd (3 and under), perfect.
amazing service. delicious food
When I think of greek/mediterranean, rightly or wrongly, falafel and hummus are the first things that come to mind. I was super excited to not see either of those items on Kokkari's menu - we got to try lots of dishes I had never even heard of before, let alone tried. There were a bunch of vegetarian options - mostly appetizers, but more than enough to fill us up. I loved the variety. Watermelon and feta? Who would have thought that was a combination that would work? But it did - yummy!Dessert was so-so. Having read the raves about the baklava ice cream, I was really excited to try it, but it fell short of my expectations. The service was ok, not the greatest, but not egregious either.Overall, a good meal, and a place I'd return to!
This place is the best! I wish I lived in San Fran so I could go more often. Or not, because perhaps one should limit the amount of fried cheese and lamb they consume.We went for lunch while in town for our honeymoon and it was easily the best meal of our trip. We started with the saganaki (had to), which was absolute perfection. My sister in law is Greek, and always judges a Greek restaurant's authenticity by whether or not they bread their saganaki. Kokkari did not, and it was a winner. Sadly, they didn't light it on fire in front of us (maybe it was because it was lunch, or maybe they just don't do that) but it was still fabulous.I started with the Greek salad (good, standard) and he got the avgolemono soup, which was also great.Our server helped us pick delicious wines to go with our entree (and served us complimentary honeymoon champagne). He had a great Greek white with the whole fish (another thing my sister in law says a good Greek place MUST have) and I had a luscious Merlot with a bowl of mousakka. His fish was great (and he polished off the whole thing) but my mousakka - good lord. This may officially be what I would request at my last meal. So rich and gooey and complex with the nutmeg and cinnamon flavors. Obsessed.We also had some baklava and ice cream, but I couldn't eat another bite at that point.Seriously, this place is to die for. Go immediately.
Everything was as you would expect from this elegant and warm welcomed place except for our waiter.We reserved first seating to celebrate daddy's birthday with our one year old. Our waiter pannick at the mere site of her and began to rush us through ordering. He spoke very quickly. All the while our daughter sat their quietly while other patrons and waiters smiled at her. Every now and then she threw the menu around, but what child doesn't and enjoyed the bread. We were treated warmly and kindly from everyone else, but our waiter. It was not our child making people feel uncomfortable, it was the waiter. His comments were so obnoxious "you may want to order your drink now" "You definitely will need the glass of champagne" etc, etc while our daughter again sat their quietly and just stared. The main reason I am writing this is because I could never be okay with anyone speaking loudly and making comments directly to my child, while patting her head and arm! Yes, he did just that and more than once. And instead of causing a scene, we took our things to go, as was the plan if our child had a melt down, which again she did not. This was not our first fine dining outing with baby nor will it be our last, but it will not be here unfortunately. The uncomfortable comments our waiter dished out was not a pleasant experience. Kuddos to my daughter for not crying or making a peep when our waiter loudly spoke to her and touched her. The food and the rest of the staff were Excellent!
This is my second time to Kokkari - I really do love their food. Everything we've ordered has been, at minimum, good. This recent visit, we started with some appetizers to share:*Saghanaki - fried Kefalograviera cheese, which was awesome! (though how can friend cheese not be?). *Kalamari - calamari stuffed with feta - loved this, it was delicious*Soutzoukakia - grilled lamb meatballs - pretty good, but nothing spectacular, it was a little bland or unexciting.*An addition to the menu for the evening, lamb's tongue. This kind of just reminded me of slightly overcooked sausage which surprised me because the server had mentioned it would be very tender. For the main course, I had a skillet prawn dish served over orzo pasta. This was so good, I finished the entire dish, kind of rare for my smaller appetite.For dessert, we shared the Baklava ice cream. This was sweet and tastey and, for the others at the table who have had Baklava before, they said this was a real treat, as opposed to straight Baklava, which is almost too rich to handle.
Please see my Nobel Prize winning theorem in the field of Quantum Restaurant Mechanics applied onto Kokkari, with direct mention of the ribeye steak, zucchini cakes and baklava:Taste x [($Price/(.)(.)Portions)]___________________________Service x [(Ambiance x Location^)]=HR!2 {HIGHLY RECOMMENDED SQUARED}
Service was excellent, he explained the various dishes and gave us recommendations since it was our first visit. We tried multiple appetizers, they were all interesting but it was the goat stew that stole the show, and a side of green beans with tomato that were to die for, perfectly prepared. The only slightly disappointing entree was the chicken, just didn't have enough flavor for my taste. Will definitely be back.
I LOVE Kokkari !!! The food, the decor, the atmosphere, the service..We had an amazing dinner with my family here couple months ago, everything was simply great : the grilled fish, lamb, zucchini cakes, moussaka, desserts.... See the berry dessert picture for a Greek Berry Goddess!! Our server Engin was great.  I can't wait to go again for another special occasion!
Kokkari has wonderful ambiance and service! However, their food is overpriced, lacks originality and flavor.My friend and I both ordered a grilled fish dish. Mine was flavorless and full of bones.There are much better restaurants at this price point in SF that you should go for a tasty, memorable meal besides Kokkari.
grilled calamari was delectable. light crunch on the outside, but still soft on the inside. Never had it like that before (was a little nervous at first, but man so good!) The zucchini cakes were soft and tasted fresh and the dipping sauce complemented it perfectly. The lamb chops were just bomb (tender and juicy!) and the potato wedges were also crunchy on the outside and velvetty on the inside. Fellow diners had the bream entree which looked flaky and delish. they said it tasted amazing. pricey but the food alone is worth every penny. the service was also timely and friendly. Would definitely do it again! and again and again!
Bf and I decided to splurge on a dinner and ended up here. We are both lovers of Greek food and were excited to try this place. Would definitely recommend making reservations earlier, especially if you're looking to have dinner on a weekend. Or you can try your luck like we did and wait for open seating at the bar, where you can still enjoy the full menu.We came on a Saturday night without reservations, but found bar seating within 10 minutes. The atmosphere is slightly high-end, but still casual. We ordered the zucchini cakes, moussaka, lamp chops, and a dessert.The zucchini cakes were delicious and were paired with a divine mint yogurt sauce, but still not something very special in my eyes. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly and had a great juiciness and sauce to it but were still overpriced for us. My moussaka was excellent and I would definitely recommend it. The lamb was spiced generously and everything else paired perfectly with it. I especially enjoyed the eggplant in it. Our dessert was called "Galaktoboureko" and is listed as a "semolina custard in filo with blood orange spoon sweet & crme frache ice cream." Ours came with pistachio ice cream which we loved much more than the pastry.Our dinner came out to about $80, so prepare to spend some moolah here. I loved the food though, and it was a great atmosphere. At one point two cooks came into the dining area, where a giant fire pit is located, to bring a huge spit of meat back to the kitchen. Quite a show, and it smelled amazing. Might come back again in the distant future when my wallet can manage it.
The lamb and fish are great. As is whatever they call their fried cheese. The service is great, and it's always a scene. Maybe you'll see good 'ole Mayor Willie Brown (this is one of his favorite restaurants according to our waiter). Worth a try and the hype!
Kokkari Estiatorio was a warm and fabulous experience. It was the perfect escape from a cold rainy night. I came with high expectations which were exceeded. Food, ambiance and service were top notch. It's one of those places where choosing what to order is agonizing because everything looks so good. A stolen glance at the tables next to us left my mouth watering. "I want everything" is what I told the waiter. He smiled knowingly and offered some helpful suggestions. I encourage you to choose wisely... despite any self-assurances that you'll "have to return and try these other dishes next time", whatever you end up ordering will likely be so good you'll be compelled to order the same in future visits. I finally went with the with the Gigantes, Avgolemono soup, and Arnisia Paidakia, with a glass of Pinot Noir. I'm not usually a dessert guy, but the Sokolatina looked irresistible, and it was a superb end to a memorable meal. I might tell myself that I'll order something new the next time I go back, but I would be lying to myself. How can I resist a replay?
This was my first time for dinner and I was not disappointed. My GF ordered the lamb shank and Charles, our water, suggested she try the goat that was not on the menu. She loved it. I had the halibut and it was the best I've ever had. We were too full for dessert, but ordered it anyway. This is a must go to restaurant at least once.
Kokkari is supposed to be a mediterranean restaurant but I don't see any dishes that resembled to any thing that would come out of the mediterranean aside from the starters: tzatziki sauce, lamb fallafel, spanakopita etc. Everything else, we'll call it french, american with a mediterranean flare.Kokkari exceeded my expectations from the decor, food to the service. The restaurant was lovely and the food was pretty solid. Some of my friends were so impressed with the food that they were willing to make a second trip back to Kokkari for lunch.We ordered everything on the menu and it was amazing. Each dish embodied all the ingredients and flavors that was used. A few friends ordered the following:** Braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra: $28 - This dish was so aromatic and delicious. (I'm not a huge lamb fan b/c all of the lamb dishes that I've tasted tended to be a little gamey but not this dish). It was actually really tender and tasted exactly like beef.**ravioli of sweet peas & feta with mushrooms & cheese: $21 - My friend ordered this dish and wasn't too satisfied with it. There were about 5 ravioli's in the dish and she left still hungry.**Galeos - pan roasted Pacific halibut steak with sweet corn, fresh tomato & olive sauce: $25.5 - This was delicious and ooh so tender. The fish was super flakey and buttery and the portions were just right. ** They had a pork shank that was amazing. It was a daily special so hopefully they add it to the menu. The pork was a little salty but nontheless the best dish on the table. Pros: Food, Service, Ambiance, Decor, DrinksCons: Price, Bathroom is located on the bottom floor of the restaurant (you have to take an elevator to get there).
The only good thing when you have final round, all-day interviews for a job is the possibility of a lunch interview at a nice restaurant. Lucky for me, they picked Kokari, a beautiful fine-dining restaurant in the financial district. It is a very classy meal and maybe a little bit too superb for lunch but I certainly didn't mind. The lamb riblets for starters were seasoned and grilled well. Each bite was ever so tender and aromatic. The ground lamb and eggplant moussaka in a bowl was heavenly. It comes in a personal casserole made with layers of eggplant with a spiced meat filling then topped off with a spiced, creamy bechamel sauce that is baked to golden perfection. It was lightly rich but not coma inducing. Finished the meal off with Turkish coffee to make sure I was good for the afternoon session. Very delightful and satisfying meal.
I finally made it to Kokkari, and it was seriously impressive, particularly the service. The food was delicious and the portions were very generous.
Frankly I was disappointed overall. Lively atmosphere, great service, but the food was simply uninspired. I've eaten Greek food all my life and this was simply average. We had several appetizers and two of the special entrees and everything was good. No complaints at all. Just no WOW in any dish. Small portions, quite expensive for what we got.Looking at the crowd and reviews, it seems my impression is in the minority. I think there are plenty of small Greek places that give you way more bang for your buck.
My boyfriend and I love this place. Its become kind of special for us, as we have celebrated our anniversary and his birthday here. The staff gets an A+! The hostesses have never turned us away and have even gone as far as to keep the kitchen open on a late night waiting on our arrival. The food is very good, very consistent. We love the appetizers, in fact we have found ourselves only ordering appetizers the last few times we've gone in. (Lamb chops, Zucchini cakes &/or blossoms)If you go in late night like we often do, I don't recommend the rotisserie. The dishes on the menu have much more to offer later in the evening.  For my boyfriends birthday, to our surprise, we were served a complimentary dessert with lit candle! It was adorable.. at least I thought so. My boyfriend was ok with it after we dug into the dessert. On the bottom was shredded baklava pastry topped with what tasted like lime custard or meringue, then layered on top of that was whipped creme fraiche, it sat on simple syrup and was surrounded by "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate syrup. It was delicious to say the least. It's not on the menu but you can request it! Definitely recommend it. The prices are very reasonable for a restaurant of that status. The servings of food are pretty large too. It's a very comfortable ambiance and even though the restaurant is always full of people.. it still seems quiet and personal. Also, THANK YOU to our server Majid for making my boyfriends birthday so special. You were awesome. We had such a great night. We love it!
As a graduation present, my two dearest family friends took my boyfriend and I here for dinner a few weeks ago. This was the same restaurant where they had gotten engaged, and they'd had their engagement party in a private room here, so clearly it's a fan favorite. And now Kokkari has 2 more devotees! The ambiance, the service, the cocktails, the wine, and the INCREDIBLE food all made for a wonderful and memorable dining experience. I clearly don't have to explain much more in detail as the nearly 2000 reviews speak for themselves. Will definitely be returning to commemorate another occasion in the [hopefully] near future!
Really good food, lamb prepared well if you love lamb. As for appetizers, the Saghanaki... pan fried Kefalotiri cheese with lemon & oregano is good though salty. We ordered to go for a take out dinner party so can't comment on service.
This is just one of the BEST restaurants in San Francisco! Very kind staff and they know how to treat there clients. And the food, the food is just amazing!! Seriously, you have to try it out!
Great service and great food! This must be where the Greek goddesses go for dinner. Can't wait for my next trip to San Fran!
So this was my last eve in San Fran. And we had a bunch of appertizers some of which were really amazing especially the rack of tiny lamb ribs, along with the baked and fried cheese and greek salad. Excellent service, the waiter spoke Russian which was amusing to us, he sort of "figured it out" that my dinner partner was from the ex commie land.But most of all.. the ambiance is something to be noted.. it's like eating in your living room, plus an open fire pit and a huge kitchen, I mean this place seemed like it's wrapping around inside a whole building. So yes I'd go back. But with so much to try in San Fran when I go.. sigh.. but definitely a place to go when you are in town.
Mandatory spot for celebrations, out of town visitors or just a guaranteed delicious meal. Tons of options even for the adventurous types. I haven't been able to order anything other than the goat stew as it's tremendous. My wife loves Kokkari because she can order/sample a ton of small bites/apps. I purchased a bottle of their olive oil for home.
The food was beyond words. It truly was an EXCELLENT culinary sexual experience. And Georgie it a server that all other servers should be measured against. His passion for his job and food is to be respected!
Just perfect! The wine, the apps, the fish, the service.... everything was just first for our first anniversary dinner!!
The thing is, I'm usually pretty easy to please when it comes to service. If you're friendly and at least competent enough to sincerely apologize for screwups, that's often good enough for me. But even I have a hard time overlooking a situation where it's glaringly obvious that people around you are getting significantly better service than you are. Would I have ordered a different dessert if our waiter had bothered to tell us about the dessert specials that night? Maybe, maybe not, but it would've been nice to have the option. I had to ask him directly about the rotisserie and fish options for the evening, and somehow even that didn't prompt him to list the other entree specials (which I later overheard him describing for a nearby table, no prompting needed). Was he actually rude to us? No. The handful of brief interactions we had with him were reasonably pleasant. Were there any actual errors? No. Our food came out correct and incredibly delicious. If I were going by food alone, this would be a five-star experience. The zucchini cakes were spectacular, my greek yogurt dessert with walnuts, dates, and honey was out of this world amazing, my grilled branzino was simple, fresh, and perfectly cooked, and my husband loved his lamb chops and potatoes (and also his baklava). But it's frustrating to be treated like second-class citizen for the seemingly inexcusable sin of not ordering a drink at the start of the meal (at least I assume that was the logic? I can't be sure, but it seems the most likely explanation). I'm also not sure what invisible line we failed to vault over in order to be allowed to sit in the comfy chairs in the front part of the restaurant, but that bothered me a lot less than the service, as at least plenty of other people were in the same boat there. Maybe it's just that the service I've gotten elsewhere in this town recently has been so darn good, it raised my expectations too high. But is it really asking too much to be informed of the daily specials? I think not. It wasn't bad service, but it wasn't good service, either, and at a restaurant of this quality, I expect service to be at least decent. In this, Kokkari failed. Luckily the food was fantastic enough to make up for most of it.
Mixed feelings about this place. I've been on several occasions for both business lunches and a night out with the gf. For business situations with large groups during lunch hours can't beat it... great service equally great food. (Avoid the fish lots of bones can make for awkward moments )Came here for dinner a few years ago with my gf. Food was good but service was severely lacking. We got seated in a really inconvenient location with lots of foot traffic and the waitresses attitude left lots to be desired. Good place for professionals / large groups for both lunch and dinner.
Fantastic service. By everyone at the place. And Pacific Cod to die for. One of the best meals I've had in a long time. Can't wait to come back.
WOW!!!! Pork chops were incredible, as well as the octupus. Really amazing meal.
There's nothing quite like a high end lunch when someone else is footing the bill! It was delicious. I had the braised short ribs, very tender, not stringy at all with some kind of citrus infused mashed potatoes. Before that was some spanakopita, which were very good. Lunch ended with sharing three different types of dessert. I couldn't tell you what we ordered, the boss did the ordering, but they were nice, despite not having any chocolate at all in them. It was a very very nice meal!
This is a good place for a date, business meeting, or something else where you want to be in a nice and proper restaurant. the food is good, with big portions, and the service was good. It looks small from the lobby, but they actually have a much bigger space in the back. The reason I'm giving it a four is because I think the food is "alright" good, not I-must-go-again good (I particularly remember the pizza I had was a bit too salty). I've been to Greece, and I think some of the food is not very authentic. Also, the price is a little bit on the pricier range. But overall I think you are really paying for the whole experience, not just the food, and this is a safe choice for special occasions.
I was lucky enough to get a reservation for Kokkari last Thursday for a business dinner with a colleague. The food was fantastic! I am NOT a fan of Lamb, but on the insistence of Ernie I tried them and may be a converted Lamb lifer from here out. They were fabulous. I also, want to make special mention of Ernie. He was a great waiter, knowledgeable, charasmatic and really heightened an already wonderful experience for myself and my out-of-town colleague. This is definitely a MUST for me and my wife. I will be coming back!
Hands down my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Everything on the menu is amazing, you really can't go wrong. The ambiance is fantastic as you really feel like you are in a farmhouse or winery. I definitely recommend trying Kokkari if you haven't already. Best to book a reservation well in advance, even for lunch!
I've never been much of a fan of Greek cuisine and honestly didn't care tooo much to come here, even though I've read and heard such amazing reviews. Anyways, I brought my friend here for his birthday since he's been dying to come here and boy am I glad I experienced Kokkari for myself. The second I walked through the front doors, I was mesmerized and it was pure love at first sight. Our waiter was super cool. Friendly, hilarious, attentive, and really one of the best waiters I've had in a long time. He well deserved major tips that night!We ordered the following:AppsZucchini cakes - soooo soooooo soooo goodSome special mushroom app - pretty good tooEntreesLamb chops - medium rare, very tender and flavorful. 3 pieces and was quite filling.Casserole - OMGGGG soooooo damn flavorful and delicious. This was definitely an unexpected hit for me.DessertSkip everything else and go straight for the Sokolatina - a flourless dark chocolate cake. I'm not even a big chocolate lover but holy moly, this was heavenly! Plus, topped off with a bottle of pinot noir.Amazing staff. Superb customer service. Warm ambience. Amazing home-like decor. Flavorful dishes. Extensive wine list. This was seriously one of the best meals I've had in a very long time! I had zero complaints. Ok maybe just one. I ate wayyyyy too much because everything was so damn good, that I was seriously suffering from a massive food coma. Nonetheless, the BEST food coma I've ever slipped into! :)
Great food and a great atmosphere! A little pricy, but good sized entres with an amazing depth of flavor. My wife had the rotisserie duck and I had the lamb chops. Good location with easy street parking plus several close parking garages. This is an S.F. must!
Went to Kokkari for my 6month anniversary. The service and ambiance was great. Had the following:AppetizersPeach salad = Simple, light, and deliciousZucchini Cakes = Amazing dish. Tasted like a crab cake but with Zucchini and the mint yogurt was a nice touchEntreeLamb Chops = Average for the price ($38). Was good but nothing specialSea Bass = Catch of the day. Was okay but again nothing specialDessertFree dessert cause it was our anniversary. I liked the wording they put on our dish.Overall a great date spot and a good way to celebrate a special occasion b/c the ambiance and service is top notch.  I really enjoyed my appetizers but the entree was overpriced for what it tasted like. Still, recommend for the setting.
Fantastic. I came here with a large group (11 people) and everyone was extremely satisfied with their food and we couldn't' stop commenting on the gorgeous decor. Food was nothing short of amazing. Seriously, no one had anything bad to say about their food. Our food came out quickly and our waiter was attentive. We did not request individual checks for everyone but our waiter took the time to do it anyway, which was appreciated as it made everything much easier for us.We arrived for dinner at around 730 but the place was PACKED by the time we left a couple of hours later. We could barely squeeze through to get to the front door. I can understand why this place is so popular! Totally worth the price!
The lamb rotisserie here is amazing!
Even as a vegetarian, by far my favorite restaurant ever. Love the artichoke skewers, zucchini cakes, and everything else!The ambience is also super cozy.Remember to make a reservation weeks in advance unless you want to eat at 4pm or midnight.
We came for our anniversary dinner. It was actually a random choice, based on yelp reviews. And are we ever so grateful for honest reviewers, because this place is a gem !The atmosphere was romantic, but not stuffy. This place's decor was very elegant and suited the occasion perfectly ! Service was attentive, respectful, and friendly. Food? Amazing. We chose the grilled octopus as an appetizer. The smoke from the first bite made us both fall in love. I was slightly full from eating a late lunch, so I had the arugula salad with lamb riblettes (appetizer) as my entree. Crisp, clean, fresh. The lamb was seasoned to perfection, and just melted in my mouth. He got the lamb chops (Excuse me for not remembering the names exactly.. it wasn't like I could pronounce most of them anyway ! Hehe). They were to die for. A definite MUST-TRY. For dessert, you have to get the baklava ice cream. Absolutely divine. We'll definitely be back when we are in town !I'll recommend this place to EVERY single one of our friends who happen to be in the city.
We had a reservation for 8:30pm and were seated by 9:15ish... the management and the waiters were very apologetic and nice. They served us with appetizers while we waited and also quickly brought a variety of appetizers the minute we sat down. Excellent customer service is definitely its priority and I very much appreciated that.Our server was impeccable. His name is Abel! We ordered a variety of dishes and I must say absolutely everything was delightful. I tried the fish special, I believe it was the sea bass, and it was soft, lemony and buttery. Delicious. I also tried their signature dish: The Lamb chops, and I must say it was AMAZING. I am not a big fan of Lamb... but when it is well done, oh yum! I ordered the Moussaka - traditional casserole of eggplant, lamb, potato & yogurt bchamel. It was tasty but it is a bit on the sweet creamy side so it can easily get too filling. The appetizers were all incredibly tasty... I highly recommend this place. It has all the components to a successful dining experience. I will most definitely be going back!
I had dinner here a couple times and it is just such a cozy place, with the fireplaces, views of the kitchen, and roasts slow cooking over open fire. They have amazing service and ambience, and our waiters were always courteous.The food tended to run on the saltier side. I had a fried cheese (not sure exactly what it was) appetizer which was super salty! I also had the calamari which was okay. I was debating between the lamb chops and rotisserie and decided to go for the rotisserie of the day which was a large portion of different cuts of lamb with potatoes. Very filling and really good. The Baklava was also delicious.Overall, I feel like the place is a little overhyped though. I don't know if it's just me but it's good, but I didn't think the food was anything to write home about, but it's perfect for a romantic date.
This was well worth the wait of finally applying myself to secure a reso... but I did and was sure to impress friends from out of town. The building itself is impressive with beautiful decor and lofty ceilings. It has an extremely lively bar scene if you go during prime hours, but go early or you won't secure a seat at the bar. Food was fantastic. If you want to hear anyone at your table, request a table away from the bar and towards the middle of the restaurant. Bathrooms are a trek down the hall and then downstairs, but sometimes a good excuse to take a lap and check out the scene and the beautiful people that patron this hot spot. Food fans: Kalamari amazing, Baklava dessert, rib-eye dish and the baked feta... I think probably anything would be great. You won't be disappointed, oh and expect to pay top dollar, this one will cost you.
One of our favorite places for lunch and dinner. Very consistent. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu (unless of course you are allergic to, say Octopus...) Easy walk from our neighbourhood but you can find street parking without much trouble. Also an easy walk from Bart.
I use to work here and the quality of the food preparation was what I exemplify in other establishments that i wornow
Pan fried cheese (with lemon juice) A W E S O M E!!!Deep fried smelts PERFECTION!!!Roast chicken - moist, tasty and pretty. Fish of the day (Mediterranean sea bass?) - crispy skin with tender and firm white meat.Greek coffee - WHOA! Watch out for this one. It's so strong that it knocked me out of my chair. Baklava ice cream - it's a Greek version of semifreddo. It comes with a drizzle of honey. You get three golfball-sized scoops which is more than enough for one. The bread and focaccia are really wonderful. I forgot to ask if it was in-house bread but I have a sneaking suspicion that it's ACME and that's ALL RIGHT by me. Service is lovely and very helpful and BOY can they talk! Our waiter was rolling off the Greek names like saying, "The cat in the hat is fat." All i heard was, "Blah blah blah is a wonderful cheese starter." OH OK! I'll take it!I love the feel of the restaurant. It's definitely larger than the related establishment in Palo Alto but it feels just as homey with a spit and everything.
Amazing greek food!Get the grilled calamari stuffed with feta!
Great Greek food. This is not greasy Greek like is often found. This is grilled meats with great spices, fresh salads and dips, wonderful entrees.We were in a group of six and the staff was on top of everything the entire time.We started with grilled lamb chops for appetizers and dip sampler that had cucumber salad in yogurt, hummus and eggplant salad. These were so good we almost ordered more and skipped dinner, but saw the menu and people were pick their dinners.For dinners we had a variety; Mousakka (a casserole dish), grilled whole fish, and braised lamb.Highly recommend trying this if you are in San Francisco. Even if you are not a huge fan of Greek food, you will like this place.
We flew in from DC to surprise my brother for his 50th Bday. The staff was very helpful in getting us seated before he arrived (his GF had him thinking he was meeting local friends) .....the look on his face was priceless we he arrived at the table and we all lowered the menus we used to shield our faces :-)Our waiter Eddy was superb. Explaining the specials in detail (my wife is a foodie). We pretty much ordered half the menu to share between 6 of us and I don't think there was a bad dish!The Ribeye was fantastic, the roasted Lamb was very good, the fish very good, the chicken excellent, the assorted appetizers we ordered were all very good. My favorites were the grilled octopus, dolmades, fried flower (special), just to name a few.Not to be outdone, the desserts really rounded out the meal. with my favorite being the filo dough with the semolina custard and side of pistachio ice creamPrices are reasonable for the food quality. I loved the decor and dining next to a wide open window in the cool SF night was a welcome change to the uber DC heat and humidity!I definite stop in future SF trips :-)
Absolutely delicious food - I had the lamb skewer. The meat was tender, well marinated, and it was a pretty hefty portionFriendly staff - The manager was kind enough to offer my friends and I complimentary champagne to celebrate the occasion at hand, and actually swapped it out for glasses of pepsi when we informed him we don't drink. Great ambiance - These days, when I go to a "fancy" restaurant there are too many people breaking the dress code (maybe thats a southern california thing) but the guests at this restaurant were definitely classy, sophisticated, and dressed the part. Overall great experience. Definitely hope to come back.
amazing food, I found it on yelp. we went there for lunch everything was great, good service.
Really fabulous dinner this weekend at Kokkari. Service was excellent, although when the hostess called a few days before to confirm my reservation, I had to endure a 30-second lecture about how my reservation is D.K. and I really need to put a full name or else restaurants aren't going to be able to find my reservation when I arrive. It was odd, and a fairly long rant for something so insignificant. What do they care what my reservation is under?Appetizers blew the mains out of the water. Bests:Zucchini cakesSaghanakiGrilled lamb chopsBakalava ice cream!Good:Meatball appetizersBrussels sproutsMoussakaNothing too exciting:Greek saladFlatbread with kalamata olives, feta, tomato, carmelized onionRotisserie of the day - pork
If you want a taste of Mediterranean Cuisine...look no more. Kokkari offers, hands down, the best Greek food a restaurant has to offer. Set amidst a pleasant and comforting backdrop of warm colors and candles (whose interior resembles a large cottage), the second you step into Kokkari you know you are in for a treat.The one thing I was looking forward to trying was their lamb chops (Arnisia Paidakia)...boy oh boy was that heaven on a plate...mouth watering and savory until the last bite...and the potatoes gave it the perfect finishing taste!Their starters are also delightful. We started off with the the cinnamon orange walnut salad--fresh with a burst of flavor and texture. Next was the Lentil soup (warm and tasteful) followed by the grilled octopus (which if cooked wrong, can feel like rubber in your mouth)--but this was cooked to perfection. And what's Greek food without Melitzanosalata and Favosalata served with housemade grilled pita.Simply superb!
Great food and services. I'll come back for the goat stew and the Rosati 05 Cab. again.
Had lunch here with my bf once for his bday. Every thing we had were OFF THE HOOK! The lamb chops were screaming.. The fish that he ordered was unforgettable.. A lot of wine selections too. Spent $150 for lunch for the two of us but it was worth it.
Phenomenal dining experience. Can't wait to visit Kokkari again on our next trip to SF. I have nothing to add to what's already been said. Months later and I'm still drooling over their insanely delicious lamb chops and sundae. Yum yum!!!
Love this place! Very hard to make dinner reservations so I have to reserve way in advance or try to go for lunch instead. Great service. Never disappointed with food or service.
I'm not really sure what I have to say that isn't already covered in the 2,000+ other reviews of this place. So, I'll spare you a long but superlative review and go right to the summary. Summary: Eat here! The food is wonderful, the staff are attentive, and the ambiance is very nice. You'll have a great time. Oh, and try the whole grilled fish. It will make you 37%* happier than you were before you tried it. *based on a non-scientific study of one person.
Went here for a business lunch - everything we had was very flavorful. The only thing that was just so-so was this shrimp/tomato appetizer which tasted a little too fishy for my likingBread and olive oil - yum - but don't fill up on itZucchini cakes - super fresh, super deliciousChicken kebab dish (not sure of the name) and side salad - great
Good not great. Kokkari has some really good things going for it. Its beautiful physical space gives off a warm glow that is comforting. My first impression upon stepping inside was that I was transported to a nice restaurant in NYC. The small plates/apps stood out as the best items, worthy of a repeat visit paired with wine (lamb meatballs, oven roasted/wood fired octopus, watermelon feta salad, and fried zucchini cakes). There isn't anything incredibly difficult in what they produce so the consistency is definitely there. I can see why this place is so popular with the locales.The downside to Kokkari was also noticeable as they definitely could use some polish. Due to a combo of the simple preparation of the starter dishes we started our meal with, along with the servers choice, we had 4 dishes brought out in a span of 5 minutes Not one, but all. I laugh at myself writing this because ordinarily this isn't a problem. But when you set aside 2 + hours for a birthday dinner, it just comes across as rushed and amateurish. Another problem I foresee others having is going into their meal thinking the entrees are going to varied and executed with anything special. Look at their entrees: protein and potatoes. Not one or two, but literally all of them. While I love lamb chops/steaks, I can make that at home in equal to are greater consistency. Throw me a sauce or something to make it worth spending twice what it would cost me to make at home. Lastly, don't stray from the tried and true Lamb, beef or sometimes fish protein entrees. We ordered a slow roasted rotisserie duck (Peking) and it sucked ass. (I don't know what the hell I was thinking but our server was convincing and I'm a sucker for roast duck.) The duck tasted like it had been cooked earlier in the day and then reheated for plating. It was super dry and difficult to eat. I even asked the server for a sharper knife just so I could cut through the meat. I doubt they would have served the meat had they simply tried it before plating. Argh. So disappointing.  In summary, I won't be coming back for entrees. Just drinks, apps and perhaps a bite of some other sucker's over cooked meat.
Love everything about Kokkari - from the ambience, physical accommodations and delectable food.What's good here? It's all good. I have not had a poor dish here, ever.My friends and I generally order a number of dishes and share them all. My all-time personal favorite are the Gigantes. The beans are sublime with a sauce that you just want to swim in. One day I am just going to order these over and over, and nothing else!Octopus, lamb meatballs and lamb riblets are all good. The meats were quite rich tasting, so for me, a small bit is best. The Greek salad is good and with extremely fresh vegetables (a traditional presentation, but everything extra fresh and good - including the feta).Other dishes we love: the Saghanaki (fried cheese). Enjoy.
This is one of my new favorite restaurants. We loved everything from the inviting atmosphere, excellent service to the amazing food. Apps - Ordered the Tiropitakia. It was very good and the filo was nice and crisp, just like my Mom makes! It comes with 2 pieces, so we ordered the special of the night Duck Confit Dolmathes. Together these were the perfect starters. The Dolmathes weren't totally soaked in oil, so I was glad cause I prefer them not as oily. Main - I got the lamb chops with potatoes for my main and that was the best choice. I liked it better than the lamb shank, which comes with a tasty orzo. The chops had lemon on the side too which is good and a tradition I like.Dessert - Baklava was pretty good with the ice cream scoop. Also got a great tawny port. YUM. Overall, the atmosphere was romantic but festive, the food wonderful, and the service great! I highly recommend Kokkari for a special night out.
Most of the time I feel a bit intimidated if not "unworthy" to go to restaurants that are on the upscale side. But Kokkari made me feel more than welcome.I had an excellent lunch with dear Yelp buds Toni, Anna and Marian.Toni has described our experience in detail but I'll just add my 2 cents.When we arrived we were greeted so warmly I knew that was a good sign of things to come. We were offered a booth or a table and chose a table. The ambiance is so homey we felt like we were in someone's home.The interior is huge but not cavernous. We didn't realize how large it was till we used the bathrooms in the basement of the restaurant.One of the servers actually escorted me through the maze of tables to the elevator which led to the bathrooms. She was so sweet and this kind gesture made me love Kokkari more than ever.Our appetizers were all excellent. Every dish was perfect and so flavorful. At first I thought we couldn't make a meal from the starter plates. The portions are not huge but we were happily stuffed sharing the 5 or 6 appetizers and the bowl of lemon rice soup. I agree with Toni that it could have been more lemony. But it still was tasty.I lost count of the number of times our glasses were refilled with water and ice tea or lemonade. Our bread was replenished too. All in all the service was excellent. Our server checked back with us several times to see how we were doing and if we needed anything.At the end of the meal the manager came to our table to see how we were doing. And before I forget when we first arrived a couple with a 3 or 4 year old son entered The Maitre 'd took the kid's hand and asked how he was doing as he led them to their table. A very sweet and genuine touch.I loved the fact that the staff treated us so well even though we didn't order wine or entrees. (Some places treat you like dirt when you don't order wine). Despite Michael Bauer's sour review yesterday we had an A+ experience and thoroughly enjoyed EVERYTHING about Kokkari--a truly perfect time! And of course an A+ for another lovely dining experience with my monthly dining "club."
Great spot! If you have one nice dinner in SF, make it Kokkari!
Simply amazing. Incredibly professional service, phenomenal food, great atmosphere, active bar scene, beautiful decor. These are all legitimate reasons why this place is considered one of the top restaurants in a city full of incredible restaurants.The level and balance of flavors in everything we had was nothing short of perfect.Highly, highly recommend.
Eh, not deserving of the hype it gets. I love the interior and the servers were all very friendly, but the food fell short.None of the dishes really blew my mind. Maybe I didn't get the "right" dish, but our waiter assured us everything was fantastic. He was definitely wrong about that; while nothing was awful, nothing was really great either. The bf has been to Greece before, so I expected his standards to be higher, but even I was left unimpressed. My lamb was really salty, and I didn't even eat the leftovers (I always eat leftovers). All in all, I probably would not come again. It's a nice establishment with a great vibe, but you could get better Greek I think for much cheaper
This place was good....but not amazing. That said, there's not that much greek food in SF so that might be the reason for the high reviews? I have had A LOT of greek food. As in A LOT. And have had food half the price that was twice as good. The bread, not that great, imo....The fish dish....seabass ordered grilled was SATURATED. Soooo oily/greasy. Never had that happen before. Yes, it was a nice fish but they ruined it. The dinner salad, blah nothing to inventive or exciting.I did enjoy the ambiance, it has a warm glow to the place thats relaxed yet upscale, and the service was attentive. Overall though I won't be back.
My favorite restaurant hands down. While trendy restaurants' food tend to fluctuate based on whether the chef is in that day, Kokkari consistently has excellent food and a quintessential professional staff. They define service and food. The grilled octopus, squid and skewered artichoke hearts are to die for. The wine list perfectly matched. This is a great restaurant to dine with friends, family or for business (lunch or dinner). My only two complaints are that you have to book a month in advance to get a decent dining time and that the bar doesn't have a cocktail menu - a necessity for the forgetful and unimaginative (read: me). Everything on the menu is excellent - you can't go wrong. The fresh fish of the day is like eating on the beach in Greece - it doesn't get any better or authentic than this.
From the moment we arrived at Kokkari a great dining experience began. The hostesses were friendly and greeted us with a smile. All the staff was moving around the restaurant preparing for the 5:30 seating with smiles and appeared they liked their jobs. Once seated a very good experience began with Max our friendly and helpful waiter. Appetizers, wine selection, salads, main course and dessert all exceeded our expectations. All in all meeting our family from Austin Texas it was a memorable experience that we are stil reliving. Thank you Kokkari for making our Thursday evening in San Francisco a special time. Jim & Suzy Mann
Kokkari manages to be upscale without being stuffy. I love the big fireplace and comfy chairs. They always have some homestyle Greek classics (like lemon chicken soup) so the menu isn't all fancy-shmancy.
Solid Greek Food in the City. Gorgeous restaurant in a beautiful neighborhood with good food. I'm not a Greek food connoisseur but I have always enjoyed the food and service.
Went to dinner there to celebrate my birthday. The seating was very uncomfortable, the waiter inattentive (mostly give all attention to my male friend), the chicken and lamb were so-so (could use more flavor) and the dessert (semolina custard in filo dough) was very disappointing. The bill was too much for this experience. I am familiar with their Evia restaurant in Palo Alto (day and night) and with their cookbook and couldn't believe my experience. My birthday was seriously spoiled. I called them and talked to the event organized; she said that she'd talk to the general manager and call back, but never did. I am still upset (I was there on April 12th). I am not going back.
True flavor endures. While one hit wonders mirror a September rainfall in our city by the bay, this institution has sealed genuine charm into a menu that is unmatched.Rarely do you have the opportunity to surround yourself with a constellation of good people, thought inducing food and an encompassing passion for wine in one room. On Wednesday evening a special team gathered in the private room below, and embarked on a meal that paid rightful tribute to a great man.The private room, dimly lit, could be the venue for a gathering of the dons. A long weathered wood table draws you in, and the complimentary olives wet the appetite.Starters that stood out were the grilled octopus with lemon and my personal favorite, the crispy smelts with garlic-potato skordalia. The deep fried smelts encased a straight from the sea essence that decorated each bite.Crispy zucchini cakes paraded up and down the table and left a typically loud crowd in silence.For the main, it was the braised lamb shank with orzo and myzithra cheese. In my life, I have never seen protein like this. Brittle to the touch, tender in texture, and hit flavor pound for pound like a heavy weight.Seasoned and braised for a tenured period, the shank was infused with an aromatic tip that smoked through your veins. There could be no other way to enjoy lamb.Dessert was a circus, accompanied by a breakout karaoke session ( it happens with enough vino ) but the star would be the sundae. Chocolate and vanilla ice cream with hot fudge. Reminiscent of a Fenton's classic, if you thought you didn't have enough room, you'd make some for this.Kokkari is a wonder. Sustained imagination and a team that can execute. Without a doubt, one of the landmarks in San Francisco, and the reason why you always leave your heart in the bay.
Now there is something about the ambiance of this place that just makes it exquisite. I don't know if it's the patterned chairs with cushioned high backings or impeccable service that just makes you feel truly adored by your servers or the fact that I saw Diane Feinstein dining a couple tables away. I was on a business luncheon and was worried I'd be stuck with one gigantic plate of the same food. However I can thank my stars that everyone wanted to share starters! So we asked what the favorites were and voila:Watermelon & Feta - What a refreshing combination! I don't know how they serve this year long (or do they) since watermelons aren't in season all year. Knowing that fruit and cheese typically go well with each other, who knew this odd couple would work out? Oh but it did! And it brought in pine nuts and basil to the family too.Zucchini Cakes - Ironically enough I had recreated Ina Garten's zucchini cakes the week before and this outshined mine completely. It's fluffy and it tastes very versatile with the other squash that's thrown in. I couldn't help but keep loading blobs of the mint yogurt dressing because it tastes delicious and it doesn't feel heavy or fattening.Grilled Meatballs with spiced tomato sauce & Greek yogurt - I was expecting an Italian meatball - thick and hearty - but this was ground meat patted together by children. Without the compactness means you won't feel as weighed down. It does have that cinnamon kick to it though.Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata with housemade grilled pita - What the hell is all this mumbo jumbo you ask? Tzatziki = yogurt / Favosalata = yellow split peas with red onion and capers / Tirosalata = feta dip. ALL EXCELLENT. I would skip out on the first one next time just because I've had it before and try the other two on the menu (Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata). The Tirosalata has a lovely kick of feta at the end. I've never had feta in any form besides crumbly and it gave me a new appreciation for this cheese that's typically found in overly acidic-ly dressed salads.Now onto our only entre which we ordered in case there wasn't enough food but by at this point, we were all stuffed.Souvlaki Hirino (pork kebabs) - When asking what the special was, our waiter pointed to the fireplace and said "it's right there". Unfortunately there was another tall waiter standing right in front of it but since I'm assuming cannibalism cannot be that widely proclaimed, he was probably referring to the pig on the spit behind. I was busy eating from all the starters that I didn't get to eat this until it became room temperature. I know that's not the primary reason for why the pork was a little tough and a little dry but I was a little disappointed. I know not to order from "specials" because that's usually the ingredients in abundance and in dire riddance but he described it in the most beautiful words that I couldn't possibly order from anything else the regular lunch menu.Perhaps not entirely exquisite but they know how to woo you at Kokkari.
I'm still drooling as I write about Kokkari. Kokkari is the "sister" restaurant of Evvia in Palo Alto and by sister i mean TWIN sister, because everything is exactly the same- decor, food, everything! I am a big fan of both so I don't mind giving two five star reviews for both. I highly recommend the Arnisia Paidakia - lamb chops grilled with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes or the Arnisio Souvlaki - spiced lamb skewer grilled with onion, bay leaf & tomatoes with tzatziki & potatoes. The meat is always and I mean ALWAYS cooked perfectly just the way I like it. In addition, the tzatziki goes perfectly with the meat. I am a huge fan of Greek food so Evvia and Kokkari takes the cake!
I've never been one to seek out Greek food, but oh my god, after Kokkari, I definitely will be! Delicious food, friendly service, warm and cozy ambiance -- 5 stars!!
While I did not see any celebrities, I was fortunate enough to have an amazing meal at Kokkari with two friends that I don't see often enough. Five stars for the company but we also had excellent service, a warm ambiance, and delicious Greek cuisine!We ended up making a meal out of a bunch of appetizers: the Gigantes, Saghanaki, Grilled Octopus, Taramosalata, and Greek Salad, and a bunch of pita bread. I really liked everything we had and if I weren't so full, I would've tried more! I guess I'll just have to make my way back on a future visit.The only negative? It was a tad bit loud but I'm still giving Kokkari five fabulous stars! Highly recommended!
Wine:Felsina, Chianti Classico '08Appetizers:Dolmathes - grape leaves stuffed with rice, dill & mintKolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressingGigantes - oven-baked giant beans with tomato sauce, olive oil & herbed fetaEntree:Arnisia Paidakia - lamb chops grilled with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoesDessert:Galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with blood orange spoon sweet & crme frache ice creamDecor: warm, exposed wood interior, seating with open view of the white, porcelain tiled kitchen in the back of the restaurant makes me think of Europe and I love it.Service: Knowledgeable, attentive but not intrusive, great suggestions for food and wine, accommodating, and a great sales manOverall: food is fantastic, great atmosphere, and excellent wait staff. Recommended
Friendly service, amazing food. I could've eaten 10 orders of the crispy zucchini cakes! We also had the kalamari and the baked feta. Both wonderful. I had the halibut, which was divine. It was fresh, had a delicate crispy skin, and had lots of garlic and dill all over the top. YUM. The black lentils underneath were perfect, as well. My date had the lamb chops which he also loved. Will definitely be back!
A great place with good & tasty food and ambiance. This is definitely a great place for a special occasion, I took my (then) fiance there for his birthday celebration back in March. Our waiter, an older gentleman, tried to be funny and excited, but I thought he was a bit much. A plus, free birthday cake :)
Easily the best Greek restaurant I've ever been to. Amazing food, and even better service. I've never had anything bad there. Love when they have the chickens on the rotisserie! The leg of lamb is also to die for and be sure to save room for the sundae with hazelnuts and tons of chocolate sauce. I wish it were easier to get reservations, but it's not their fault that too many people want to eat there!
Been here many times and the quality and consistency of the food is amazing.I would definitely return.
This is a KILLER lunch spot. You should absolutely get pita and dips to start. They have five and I tried all five. I would rank them in this order:TaramosalataTirosalataTzatzikiMelitzanosalataFavosalataDon't worry about what's in them (although the waiter will tell you if you ask), just get it. I generally don't even care about bread but their pita is pretty dope.The lamb chops are really expensive (for lunch at least) but delicious. I would suggest the Lamb Souvlaki unless you've got someone else paying for you. It's a skewer with lamb, tomatoes and onions with sides of pita and humus and a chickpea salad.It'd probably get five stars, but it was a bit pricey for a lunch. It's worth checking out if you've got something to celebrate or have someone else paying.
**droool**......being with a greek guy myself, ive had some pretty yummy home made greek food and although nothing can compare to yiayias homemade cookin....Kokkari was pretty dam close. Been wanting to go here for quite some time and decided to try it out for our anniversary. The service was amazing, had a very attentive waiter and the decor inside A+, such a homey feel but with class. Loved it. Now for the food..... The Tiropitakia...yummm! wish they gave a bit of a bigger portion, but delicious all the same. The Saghanaki...glad this was a small portion, it was so rich but some of the best cheese ive ever tasted!!! it was paired great with the house special that night, some type of grilled peppers oh my yummm. For an entree...im a bit picky when it comes to fish and meat, the fancy stuff freaks me out, so i settled for the Avgolemono soup and some grilled pita with Tirosalata (an olive tapenade with feta) ...does not disappoint! My boyfriend had the Moussaka and i usually dont like lamb but this was some good stuff. Dessert was another house specialty, shredded philo soaked in honey topped with some type of creme and crushed pistachios. light, sweet and awesome. Cocktails were good too, average martini but one of the best cosmos ive had. Overall....great experience!! GO GO GO!!! ....only down side was the window next to me was open and i was pretty cold at one point with the wind blowing in, im sure they would have closed it if i asked but i hate to be a pain in the butt.
Great dinner a few weeks ago. I highly suggest the fried smelt as an appetizer. The lamb shank was also fall off the bone goodness. My friends moussaka was also good. Had some trouble finding a cab after dinner, but that's not the restaurant's fault.
My favorite restaurant in the city. They do everything right and serve up quality, delicious food. I could eat here anytime.
Lunch review. 3.5 stars.I know everyone loves this place beyond anything, but I need to add something to this discussion. Largely because I ate so many time (20+) at the Palo Alto sister restaurant which in the end is just better. So this place was a disappointment as a result.The veggie souvlaki plate with eggplant and artichoke was well done, and I enjoyed it. That said, it was quite light on the amount of eggplant and the artichoke was not cooked as well as I had expected.The chicken souvlaki plate was a HUGE disappointment. Not all the chicken pieces were cooked to the same consistency. The plate size was FAR too small for a good lunch portion in my opinion. And again, it was just not as good as the one in Palo Alto.The highlight was the after dinner Greek coffee (it was $5 and I forget what it was called. I want to say "Greek Frappe" but I could be wrong). It was decadent and delicious. An after dinner dessert and coffee packed into one. Don't miss this.
A little disappointing based on all the great reviews. The restaurant took us at our appointed reservation time of 8:30, which is nice, especially since the place was slammed.We ordered some fried Zucchini cake appetizers, which were good, but no different than any other fried vegetable dish I've had.Between the five of us we got 3 lamb dishes, and 2 orders of rabbit. My food was good, but no better than any other grilled lamb kebab I've had at plenty of other places. I tried the braised lamb shank and wasn't blown away. The 2 friends who got rabbit liked it (and remarked it tasted like chicken, shocking).In the end, it was good but not great. The decor etc is quite nice, but in the end I can't recommend the place and probably won't go back.
In LOVE! I think I would have given this restaurant 5 stars if the service didn't fall off at the end. We had the special Veal Chop, and it was hands down one of the best veal chops I've ever had. We also did the Grilled Artichoke and Eggplant appetizer, and that too was amazing. However, between our salad course and dinner course, it seemed to be taking a really long time. Much longer than normal. It was quite bothersome, as our meal ended up taking almost two hours. What we didn't know, which hopefully someone will find useful after reading this, was the dress attire. They never said anything to us, but we just felt very out of place, as it seemed that almost all the men in the restaurant had on sport coats, and the women were dressed in dresses or skirts. We weren't in horrible street clothes, just casual attire (men in button downs, and women in blazer and jeans). But it would have been helpful to know this.
Lots of regulars here...we came for drinks before our dinner reservation. It was empty, but it was early. We sat at the bar and enjoyed the complimentary olives and bread and olive oil. The olive oil was high quality and tasty. The bartender felt a little "frosty" but whatevers. We also ordered a spanakotiropita, traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill, which had a flaky outer shell and was tasty. I came here years ago and remembered the food being good. From what we had, we enjoyed it.My only complaint is having to go downstairs via elevator to the restroom.
The only Greek food I've pretty much had is in a food court, so I was very excited to try a sit-down, fine-dining restaurant. I had a really great experience-- delicious food, professional service,and lovely company. The server was personable, funny, and made us feel at home right from the start. Not much else I could ask for!- Crispy zucchini cakes ($8.75): Two perfectly crisp zucchini cakes. The zucchini is grated finely and mixed with cheese (feta?) and then fried. It also comes with a yogurt dipping sauce and pickled cucumbers.- Grilled octopus ($11.75): I was most afraid of this dish becoming rubbery or chewy, which can easily happen to octopus. It was not at all like that. Instead, it had a good bite to it and was very well-seasoned!- Grilled lamb riblets ($10.75): I think this was my favorite dish of the night. I've never had lamb that was so soft and tender-- the meat just fell off the bone. Delicious and a must!- Yogurt, eggplant, and feta cheese with jalapeno platter with pita bread ($18): Our server recommended these three, and my personal favorite was the jalapeno. It was good but not something I would recommend, and I actually also felt it was pricey for what we got. - Moussaka ($21): This was my first experience with moussaka and now for sure not my last! I loved the eggplant and potato, and the minced lamb didn't have a gamy taste to it at all. A very successful dish IMO.Parking available by valet or on the side streets.
Recommended to us by a friend with good taste. The dining experience was pleasant. I could have stayed at Kokkari for hours, just enjoying the relaxed atmosphere, and yummy food.Grilled vegetable kebob, dips, and zucchini cakes for apps (the zucchini is a must!). Moussaka and grilled lamb chops for dinner (Moussaka was out of this world). Delicious glasses of white from Santorini. Dark, rustic environment. Service was attentive. Dirty plates disappeared before I even noticed they were empty, and our apps and entrees came out of the kitchen in a timely fashion.Only complaint was that the remainder of our meals were packed very haphazardly, with dips being mixed with grilled veggies and pita bread, in what ended up as a big, sloppy mess. Also, some items, which we specifically asked to be boxed were not.Overall, I would come back to Kokkari in a heartbeat, but perhaps ask to box my own food.
Someone I know LOVES this place. He's treated like royalty whenever he goes so I can definitely see why. I went here for lunch a while back and one thing I can say up front is that their staff is on it. As soon as you step into the door, you're greeted with a smile and friendly attitude. When I went, it wasn't packed so I was able to be seated right away.I love the atmosphere here. I kind of feel like I'm in a Mediterranean tavern lit with sconce lighting and a big fireplace. When I checked this place out, it was with an acquaintance. They ordered the bass with lemon and I ordered the salmon with veggies. Mine was delicious. Funny thing is that I enjoyed the veggies more than I did the salmon. Lol. There was a small piece of the salmon which was undercooked but I didn't mind because I was a bit too full to finish it. By the way, the salmon filet was huge. I tasted my acquaintances fish and it was very good as well. The only problem they had with it was that it had a lot of bones in it. Otherwise the flavor was good.Overall I had a good experience. The food was good, the environment was nice and the service was on point. Two thumbs up.
Hands down one of the best restaurants I've eaten at in the last couple years. Excellent food and great service. Everything that we ordered was incredible. The lamb chops were the awesome and I had a stew made with goat that was great. I only wish I had room for more food in my belly so that I could have tried more great stuff
Several of my SF friends recommended this place so I went with high expectations. Kokkari didn't disappoint - restaurant was beautiful and the food was delicious. Loved the butternut squash and the lamb shank (though the orzo was waaaay too salty). My only complaint was that they didn't serve pita bread but I guess they're trying to be more of a modern Mediterranean spot. Loved that they had legit Greek wine which brought me back to my trip there a few years ago.
I'm flabbergasted that this place has a 4.5 review rating w/ 2,500 reviews. I went here last Monday for an anniversary dinner and was moderately impressed. If I could give half stars this place would probably be 3.5. I'm from Chicago where we have a greek town and lots of good authentic food. Sure this is a more upscale/high end restaurant, but the food was traditional like your family style greek restaurants yet not better and twice the price.The good:-We enjoyed the zucchini cakes, lightly battered and good veggie taste.-Arnisia Paidakia was the highlight of the meal, medium rare and very succulent. I'm not a huge lamb fan, but this was delicious and something I would order again. -Ambiance in the restaurant was nice, well staffed, well decorated, surprisingly HUGE dining area. The bad:-Took 40 minutes after we were seated to take our order. Up until that time we had been given wine and bread and that's about it. On a busy Friday/Saturday night I could understand, but for a Monday, it's not terribly impressive service time.-Saghanaki was really salty and greasy, I've had much better elsewhere. For such a simple dish I'd hope you would nail it as it is a very common traditional dish.-Garides sto Furno, definitely avoid. Prawns were overcooked, tomato sauce was just average.Overall, we had an enjoyable meal, we weren't in a rush so the service did not bother us. I thought it was a beautifully outfitted restaurant with potential, but the food was underwhelming considering all the high praise/reviews. I probably would not go back here again.
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and we are OBSESSED w kokkari!! The maitre d let us select our table. Atmosphere is cozy in front dining room w wood burning oven....service was excellent and our waiter surprised us with a birthday dessert and candle :) Here's what to have:Grilled peppers- special of the day Saghanaki - the best fried cheese w lemon. Ridiculous!! So goodLamb chopsBone in pork chop- special of the day (Monday) Drink: Neal Family Cab Sav
If you come to Kokkari you should try the pork chops. They're amazingly good. Bread is excellent and wine list outstanding.
I have been here for at lease 5 times this year and I still want to re-visit it more and more. A place could make my picky boyfriend wants to go back with me again and again. They have amazing lambs, fish, and also with large portions, every time I could have sth to-go with me back home, another great snack at night..I love the appetizers also. The Greek salad and soup are the must ordered for us. Usually I order the rib eyes or a dish of whole fish as my entree, and he orders the lamb series:) the dessert called Galaktoboureko is my all time fav around sf:) warm against the cold feeling, a nice contrast:) The Kokkari Sundae is such a giant! But really amazing also....never finish whole of it though @@..too big!! But looks too tempting and fancy. Every time we making decisions on the desserts, I do not need to look over the menu, and could immediately make the decisions :) friendly service too:)
Our concierge at the Westin St. Francis recommended this to enjoy during our first night in the city. Awesome place. Huge with several dining rooms. Lots of hustle and bustle from locals and tourists. Food was delicious and service was pleasant. We had arrived for a late dinner after driving in from Sonoma and were a bit tired so we did not eat too much. Our server was understanding and not upset with our lighter orders. Portions were large- we even shared some items due to the size which is unusual for us!The baklava ice cream is a MUST!Request to sit in the front dining room- seemed like it was a bit more livelier with well dressed people from the financial district. Bar looked like a classic place to stop and enjoy.We were able to walk back to Union Square easily and enjoyed the warm September. evening.
Fabulous meal, in a warm and welcoming setting. It was almost like being in someone's home. We intended to start with the zucchini cakes other reviewers raved about, but changed our mind and tried the Fried Chicken Livers. Yum! They were crispy on the outside while the insides were soft and melted in our mouths. A unique appetizer. For entrees we had rotisserie lamb and grilled fish. Both were so good we kept swapping plates. The service was excellent, well worth the early reservation time!
So, Greek food is not normally my first type cuisine of choice. I was taken here for a business lunch last week and wow - I loved it. Definitely caters to vegetarians with some very tasty dishes. And please keep in mind I normally eat my food without all the sauce on it, so if it's bland, I'll know. :)We had a couple of appetizers - the zucchini cakes and that parmesan-tasting fried cheese goodness (I was like man, I have to SHARE?!).Then I had their peach salad with arugula and a light vinaigrette as my entree, since I figured the appetizers would fill me. So I'll admit I didn't hear this salad described correctly (it was a special) and I thought it would be peaches garnishing the greens (like strawberries would) but NO - the peaches were sliced in thirds and arranged in the plate like a minibowl with the arugula on top, and feta, walnuts and the vinaigrette drizzled around. An initial alarm went through my head because, honestly, I'm not a huge peach fan either. But now I know what people mean by describing things as "peachy" -- because damn those were the absolute best peaches I'd ever had and I was marveling at the flavor and creativity behind putting this salad together. I'd go back just for that. Just a note of caution: if you plan on drinking heavily at a table that's situated closest to the door and are fiending for a bathroom inbetween shots, that sucker is waaaaay far away, and down a level. You'll see what I mean. Duly warned.
Always a wonderful experience at Kokkari. The octopus is the best I've ever had. The pita is fresh and fluffy. Try the lamb burger for lunch you will not be disappointed!
Maybe I am not a big fan of Greek/Mediterranean food...First off, our waitress had trouble pairing wine to our dishes, and second off we spend at least over 2 hours eating there. I ordered the Pacific Halibut, and it wasn't anything that special besides sour because I squeezed the lemon on it. Maybe I just don't know how to enjoy Greek/Mediterranean food...
Hands down best place to eat in SF. If you want to impress -anybody really- book this place. All of the meats are delicious and trust the wait staff for the proper wine paring. You have to try the Greek coffee if you like coffee.
I'd never heard of Kokkari but there were promises of a lentil soup that could not be beaten. "Oh really..." I anticipated the challenge, lentil soup is a staple around the globe and the mere mention of a contender for "best ever" had me chomping at the bit.While I awaited this fabled bowl of lentil greatness I was able to observe and enjoy my surroundings. I don't think I've ever sat in chairs so comfortable before. I felt tiny, they were like small thrones. The fireplace and ambiance was warm, the wine delicious. My soup arrived and I went into attack mode. Hearty enough to be my meal but I still partook in a side of potatoes which were confusingly flavorful for how simple they were. For the soup... was it the best ever? Well for me that's hard to say, there are many variations of a good lentil soup. But I promise you my friends, from one lentil lover to another the soup was both complex and savory, most definitely a contender for such honors.This is the type of place that truly lets you relax while you dine. Bring a friend or two, get a bottle of wine, and just sink into the chairs of the main room. The servers are attentive to your needs, specifically mine of the vegan variety, and should I wander the FiDi soon I would certainly have no qualms about testing that soup and it's attempt at greatness one more time.
I'm not going to bother repeating what everyone else says. Of course this place is amazing. Order the sundae for dessert, the full size. Don't drink too much, the bathroom is seven miles away, down a mine shaft elevator.
I have heard SO much about Kokkari ever since I've moved to SF and it's taken me two years to finally try it! Came here for dinner on a Tuesday evening with a friend. Here are the highlightsPros:* Ambiance is fantastic - has a rustic feel and lighting is perfect for a quiet, intimate dinner. Seating area is huge so it didn't feel crowded* Staff is extremely courteous. Our waiter, Frank, was really knowledgeable about the menu and was very patient with our indecision. He also brought us a complimentary dessert at the end when we couldn't choose between two of the options which was really really nice of him!* Food - my friend and I were vegetarian so we ordered several appetizers and split them for dinner. Here's the full list:- Wine: Pinot Noir and Santorini -- awesome!- Kolokithokefthethes (Zucchini cakes) -- I was a little nervous about this because several of the Yelp reviews said they were underwhelming. I actually enjoyed them, especially because the hot deep-fried cakes were paired with a cool yogurt sauce and tangy pickled cucumbers which taken together in one bite was delicious!- Spanakotiropita -- I'm a huge fan of this dish in other Mediterranean restaurants and Kokkari did not disappoint! The filo dough was light and crispy and the stuffing was not too rich. I did feel the stuffing was a little on the bland side and could've used some more flavor, but I'm biased since I'm Indian and tend to like things spicier than most.- Gigantes -- We were deciding between this dish and the eggplant/artichoke skewers and we chose the heartier option. The tomato sauce is very light and the beans are perfectly baked (I hate overcooked/soggy beans and the beans in this dish were on the firmer side which is what I was looking for).- Pikilia (sampler of three of the dips) -- We tried the Melitzanosalata, Tzatziki, and Tirosalata. The Tzatiki was my favorite! It was so creamy and delicious and extremely refreshing given most of the other dishes were hot. The Tirosalata was a feta dip with a tangy twist. It was really flavorful but too salty, which was odd since the rest of the dishes were perfectly salted. The Melitzanosalata was a smoked eggplant dish (basically a chunky baba ganoush) which was very different compared to the other two dips and really yummy! Of course, as the reviews said, the pita was amazing!! It was so thick and soft and cut into bite-size pieces. The pita is really what did it for me with this dish.- Dessert: Special - Lemon-filled filo dough pastry served with pistacchio ice cream- Dessert: Galaktoboureko (complimentary) -- liked this one more than the specialCons:- The food came very quickly (like within 10 min of ordering). We ended up taking our time with it and spent over an hour at the restaurant after the food arrived. Though we didn't feel rushed by the staff at any point, it would've been nice to slow down the service. (for example, we ordered two glasses of wine but we got them after all the dishes had arrived. It would've been nice to start with the wine and have time to enjoy that before the food arrived).- Bathroom is so far from the main dining area. You need to take elevators down a floor to the restrooms. This was a little annoying as it meant the other person you were dining with was sitting by themselves for quite a while as you were navigating your way to the restrooms.- When we asked our server how much we should order, he recommended 5 dishes served tapas style so we could share. We ended up ordering 4 and had enough leftovers for a second meal the next day. Thank god we didn't go with his recommendation.- Literally only ONE option for a vegetarian entree, and considering I'm allergic to mushrooms I had no options at all.- Our server also offered to make us a sampler of the three dips. Each dip was $7.5, so I assumed a sampler meant a smaller quantity of each so we could try more of them. It ended up costing us $20 for the sampler platter which is almost equivalent to ordering the three dips separately. The platter was too big for two people to share and though I was happy with the variety, if I had known the quantity and the price, I probably would've opted to just order one dip.- The dessert special, that was served with pistachio ice cream, was delicious as long as you had the ice cream to off-set the relatively dry texture of the filo dough pastry. Kokkari was not generous with the ice cream, leaving my friend and I scraping our plate to get every last bite so we could finish the lemon pastry without our mouth drying out. I hate it when restaurants skimp on ice cream, and considering Kokkari's appetizers were all well portioned, I don't know why they held back with dessert :(Overall: Dinner at Kokkari, though pricey (for two with tip ~$100), was really enjoyable. I do hope they add more vegetarian options (which is the main reason I knocked off a star) but until then, I plan on coming back to try the other dishes I missed!
Have you ever seen a restaurant in San Francisco this highly rated? Of course not. Everyone here is a cynical self proclaimed foodie who writes short stories about the presentation of their donut. To survive, nay thrive, in this city of hostile culinary critics is a testament to how great Kokkari really is. Food, service, and interior are all spectacular. Treat yourself.
My husband and I dined here for our 2 year anniversary this past week. I must say the food was absolutely delicious, the wait staff were very up beat funny and helpful. I got the lamb chops and they were amazing. It was something different for us,Greek cuisine, but I'm very happy we tried it.
Incredible! I had a hard time leaving. You can't go wrong on the menu. Ordered many appetizers and entrees. Nothing was short of amazing. The staff was beyond accommodating making the dinner a unique experience. Can't wait to go back!
Kokkari is a great restaurant. Top quality food and service that will not leave you disappointed. I highly recommend making a reservation. It gets packed, but it's never obnoxiously packed and loud like some other popular restaurants. I LOVE the interior.. so beautiful. The Saghanaki is a must-try. This pan fried stick of cheese is an awesome, unique and amazingly buttery start to the meal. Also try their zucchini cakes (mint yogurt dressing is SO good), roasted prawns and grilled octopus. You will be blown away and hungry for more. Grilled meatball is pretty mediocre so I'd pass. Their pita dip appetizer is also really good - great for bigger groups sharing appetizers and you can get more of their house-made grilled pita for just $1. For entrees, I usually go with their fish of the day, and you can never go wrong with any of them. It literally melts in your mouth. Ah, so good. Dessert wasn't exactly my favorite. I tried the baklava ice cream and it's a little bit too sweet so I'd pair with their Greek coffee.
Simply amazing! Went there last night and we had mulitple plates including several appatieziers and everything was delicious from lamb shanks, to grilled quails, and most delicious octopus appetizers. Service, was super. Our waiter was there at all time helping our table, made us feel like we were only his table for the night, which of course not. Definitely will come back again and will bring more friends and business partners back.
Went there for our 44th wedding anniversary. We have been to a 44 wonderful restaurants on our anniversary and this one stands out as among the best. Great ambiance, impeccable service and superb food. We had the Zucchini Cakes and Grilled Octopus as appetizers. I had the lamb chops perfectly prepared and my husband had an evening special of Goat Stew which he declared was mouth watering. Dessert was Custard filled phyla dough with Pistachio ice cream for me and Rice Pudding with honey and peach for him. Absolutely the best espresso coffee we have ever had.
Went here on a Sunday evening, reservations at 6. Salmon entree and lamb skewer. Everything, except the two entrees were 5-star. The salmon came too raw first time around; second time, it was too dry...failure. The lamb skewer was tasty, but the first two pieces of lamb were sinewy and tough...rest of it was spectacular. The manager came by, they comped the salmon (which they should have), and we shared two desserts, berry cake which was phenomenal, and a light, creamy Greek dessert that was beyond excellent...our waiter, Jeff, was excellent as well...would go again...worth making reservations so only a couple min wait!
Delicious! Loved the octopus, feta, and fun wine list! Could have done with out that last shot of oouzo though :X
I went here for a friend's birthday dinner recently. I am usually underwhelmed by Mediterranean/Greek restaurants, but not so with Kokkari. From the minute we walked in our experience was great. We pretty much ordered most of the starters, including a few soups and just shared it all between the 4 of us. The kitchen was exceptionally nice and even divided our soups into 2 bowls per couple so that the table wouldn't have to keep dipping into a bowl in the middle of the table. Very thoughtful.I really loved the stuffed Calamari (I think they spelled it differently, but the theory is the same) Delicious! The zucchini cakes were very good and we had this phyllo dessert with pistachios that made us keep eating it even though we were full. Our waitress was even really nice to this blowhard douche who was sitting behind us. Many points for knowing she was capable of that.I would recommend going here, and would definitely go back again!
Love the hummus, babaganoush, and home made pita bread! The bread is to die for!!! I had the musaka. I didn't care for it at all. The place is very elegant and upscale. If you are looking for this and are willing to spend a good amount of money, this is your place!
I love this place. The food is always excellent and so it is the atmosphere. A little noisy so if you are looking for a quiet place to have dinner this isn't it but the food is amazing and worth the extra noise.
First the good: the food was amazing. Even for a vegetarian, I found a few things on the menu to enjoy, although I did feel like I was missing out on what made this place great. And dessert was delicious. The ambiance here is also amazing. Now the bad: I've never felt so disrespected by a server in my life. The first problem was that I didn't drink wine. When he found out I was vegetarian, he basically told me there was no point in me being there. I took it all in good humor until he made a comment to the next table about people that don't eat meat or drink wine being unbearable. Even the couple at the table next to us said they couldn't believe how rude our server was. Every one else at the restaurant was super nice but even with the great food, I couldn't recommend Kokkari in good conscience.
Remember lamb chop? Well it never tasted SO DANG GOOD. Go here if you like lamb and/or you got a girl you want to impress. Hell, go here if your boyfriend likes meat, get him the lamb shanks or chops, watch him inhale the tender meat and then promptly fall asleep. I think my bf would. Also, the fried zucchini cakes and fried octopus were superb. I could do without all the yogurt; it just took away from the natural flavors of the appetizers. Warmly lit, rustic decor, and some live Mediterranean jams. Oh, and our server was nothing but gracious and so adorably gay. A little hard on the wallet but a great experience overall.
This was the first restaurant I was able to experience in San Francisco and I was spoiled rotten!!A coworker brought me here and we had reservations for lunch so we were brought to our table right away. All of the staff were very courteous and our waitress was very patient and attentive. The place had lots of people and chatter and that is always a great sign for me especially at peak lunch time. The restaurant looks great on the inside and and I was a fan of the aesthetics for sure. We started with the appetizer below and the waitress customized it so we had a sampling of three of them. She knew the differences of each and my apologies but I can't remember the three we had (more of a reason to go back haha)Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata with housemade grilled pita - $7.5 eachI did not expect to fill up so fast on pita and hummus, but that was what happened and I was thankful I only ordered soup for lunch!!!Avgolemono - traditional egg-lemon soup with chicken & rice - $8The soup was a cream base and had lots of taste. Not a ton of rice which worked out perfect for the soup. The temperature wasn't piping hot either when it came out, so it made for quicker consumption. I could see this point being negative or positive. The soup I could definitely have dipped some bread into it, if I wasn't already on carb overload.Already stuffed and happy, we did not try other items, but the place already was ear marked for a return visit. Though only a Bay resident for a few months, this place is at the top of my restaurants with a bug YUM factor.
Hands down my favorite restaurant in SF. Been eating here for years. Never had a bad meal. Can't stress how great the food and atmosphere is. But book ahead! Tough to get a reservation!
I love Kokkari. I have had so many delicious meals here over the years, and it never disappoints. The spreads are some of my favorite starters, and the Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki form the perfect combo platter. I almost always go with the grilled whole fish. The lavraki bass is sublime. Atmosphere is lively yet classy, and service is top-notch.
I came here pre-Valentine's day last year and it was a pretty awesome meal. I made reservations and even though it was so close to V-Day I still managed to get a good time around 8 pm to go up to the city. I heard this place is basically the same as Evvia which is in Palo Alto that I wanted to go to and my suspicions were confirmed when the to-go bag was Evvia! Basically though I found this place was a little cheaper than Evvia which is surprising since it's in SF versus Palo Alto; but the food was nonetheless delicious. The lamb and the appetizers were soooo good. Definitely get the chops if you go! The waiters are friendly, you can be seated quickly and their drinks are pretty good as well. The atmosphere of this place is definitely date-ish and they seem to have a nice loungy bar area to hang out in as well so I am definitely a fan and will be back!
Beautiful atmosphere. Great food. The menu descriptions from our server were really tantalizing. Our server worked with us to let us taste a number of things, because we couldn't decide on all the good choices.  Also enjoyed the bar for 1.5 hours before sitting down at my table.
Kokkari has an excellent reputation and rightly so.However, on this particularly evening the food seemed off.The octopus was terrible, no taste, no flavor, no texture.All explained to the MOD and he quietly removed the cost for the octopus from my bill which came to $162.00.I ordered lamb from the spit: it was tender, juicy, but no flavor. Was seasoning forgotten?Service was impeccable.The restaurant was completely full. No doubt clientele love this place, and perhaps our next try will be more successful.The other quality Greek restaurant, Evia, in Palo Alto, has superb quality food and I would rank this above Kokkari.My expressed tastebuds have spoken.Ciao.
I don't get this place and its partially my fault. I've been for 2 group events and only once where I got to order off the menu. If you are thinking about hosting a group event here - don't... and if you are excited about attending a group event here - revise your expectations. You will get tasty but pretty boring greek food. If you are looking to experience better than take out greek food - well then make a reservation.
Always seem to get roped in at this place for business dinners. Great atmosphere and great service. Food is okay--plays it conservative and tries to appeal to tastes of the median upper middle class Joe instead of being authentic or adventurous. I would never elect to go here on my own dime for a personal night out.
All of the lamb dishes are very well marinated. I've had the specials twice now and they have both been very good. Make sure you're hungry when you go. The food is delicious and filling. I would highly recommend the Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirokafteri spreads with grilled pita and the Arnisia Paidakia.
This place is stellar - service is great; place is wonderful; food is delightful....and if you like ouzo (an anise flavored appertif) it is THE place to go. They not only have ouzo (many places do not) they have many kinds to enjoy.  Their lamb is outstanding. Its a great place for a romantic dinner; or for taking guests and friends to a nice dinner in San Francisco. Excellent Greek food.
Woohoo - my very first Yelp Elite post!!! And I could not be happier about the restaurant it's for. Kokkari...simply amazing. Two of my lovely co-workers and I decided to venture there for my pre-birthday, birthday dinner. I have heard many good things about Kokkari, and have even heard it compared to places like Aziza (which I personally love). But I knew that Aziza is a bit more on the Moroccon tip, whereas Kokkari is Greek . Very similar in style on some dishes, but I can assure you, they are both different creatures.We showed up a bit early, but were met with a warm greeting by the hostess, and whisked away to our already waiting table. The ladies pre-arranged to have chilled Prosecco waiting for us, which was a nice touch to start the meal. Before I get into the food - let's talk about Max. Max was our hilariously charming waiter. Max is a bit on the flamboyant side, but he really helped shape the night. Funny, knowledgeable, helpful, and always seemed to be at the table at the right times. If this is how the rest of the waitstaff is, I can see how they get such high praise. Management at Kokkari - if you're reading this - Max is great! Give that man a raise!Now the food. I'm a huge fan of simple foods executed to perfection. Maybe it's the Italian in me, I can't really say, but I'll take a well executed, simple dish, over some fancy fluff that doesn't deliver any day of the week. We started with one of the special starters - Duck Dolmathes (dolmas) - these things were A-MA-ZING. I could have made an entire meal out them. No joke. Saganaki - Fried Greek cheese with lemon juice, greek oregano, and a little bit of pepper. I could seriously eat this once a day, every day. It's that good. My roomie introduced me to this dish last year, but the preparation at Kokkari is ace.Kalamari - Calamari stuffed with Feta with some white beans and frisee. I'm not 100% sure what the dressing was, but wow - again, simple, and perfect. All 3 of us decided to try different lamb dishes. I had the lamb chops (recommended by our new friend max), and the ladies had the Moussaka and Souvlaki. I didn't have the good sense to get tastes of what the ladies ordered, but let me tell you about those chops. Those deliciously sinful chops. *drool* Dressed very simply with basically the same ingredients the Saganaki was, and paired with these roasted and fried (yes, roasted AND fried) potatoes. If I have a death row meal in my future, I could see these chops making it to the table. No joke. THAT good. And don't let the potatoes fool ya - they had a spice and texture that was perfection. Think "the best wedge cut fries you can ever imagine". (I'm actually salivating thinking about this as I write...fwiw)We paired the main courses with a nice, '04 Roda Reserva Rioja - and holy cow - silky, medium bodied, not over the top, but definitely NOT understated wine. Max also mentioned that he loved the Greek whites they had on the list, and was thoughtful enough to bring a taste of one by (which I am kicking myself for not getting the name of!). One taste resulted in me getting 3 glasses for the table - because who can ever have enough wine? Both ladies are not huge into whites, but seemed to agree it was delicious. And then we wrapped up the whole shebang with Baklava ice cream. yea...you heard that correctly - BAKLAVA IN ICE CREAM. I couldn't even finish the 3 small scoops it was so rich and sinful. I could see popping in there just for a cocktail/dessert wine pairing with the ice cream while on a date or something. The waitstaff also conspired with my coworkers to do a really nice plate presentation with some cupcakes that the ladies got from Cako (a whole 'nother review is in order for those). They did a little ganache "Happy birthday" on the plate and presented the cupcakes nicely for us. A nice little touch to an amazing dinner. If you like Greek food, and love simply made and perfectly executed cuisine, you really need to hustle your posterior on down to Kokkari. You'll be happy you did.
Everything was excellent - lamb riblets, grilled artichoke, moussaka, and dessert - hands down spectacular! Service is always amazing. This is a real treat.
Maybe it was because I came here for a work event and that dampened the experience but I was not a fan. Everything tasted bland. A lot of the out of town folks who I was with raved about it. But when you are coming from Central Valley or some place like that and you say you love a restaurant it probably doesn't mean much ... I think the only "restaurant" there is an Applebees.
GO!!! Went solely based on Yelp reviews, and I was not disappointed in the slightest. Went with a wide spread of small plates and couldn't have been more pleased. The meatballs were the surprising star of the show (fantastic! had to restrain myself from ordering a second helping), the baked feta was terrific, the saganaki was delicious, the lamb cutlets and stuffed grape leaves were solid, the asparagus was much better than expected (I want that recipe -- feta and dill were an awesome touch). The calamari was the only thing I wasn't overly impressed by, but I'm thinking it was hurt by the law of comparison more than anything else. We also split the main of the daily rotisserie, and though just a bit fatty for my taste nevertheless had excellent flavor and was a great finish to an outstanding meal. Service was exceptionally attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly. And the atmosphere was top-notch. I've been to Greek restaurants all over the world (including in Greece itself), and this place rivals any other I've been to. Can't wait to come back!
WOW. Obviously a restaurant doesn't get a 4.5+ star average with almost 2000 reviews for no reason. So, let me breakdown my experience for those who are interested.First of all, for being in "San Francisco," the location is fairly accessible. Not far from AT&T Park and just off the Embarcadero, even if you're coming from the east, you don't have to drive deep into SF, which everyone knows is a hassle. I've been here 3 times, twice for dinner and once for lunch. Every time the waitstaff has been unmatched. Kokkari obviously does a wonderful job selecting the staff. During lunch, we had a gentleman who was not only patient with our lack of wine-knowledge, but very courteously allowed us to try three (very expensive) wines, free of charge and explained approximately 10 wines from memory. His description of our Malbec was spot on for rookie wine drinkers. The ambiance is stellar. With a large fire in the entry hall, often with lamb or other goodies being slow roasted over the fire and comfortable (and beautiful) seating. We had a reservation and requested to sit by the window, which the hostess gladly accommodated. I will say my lady and I are suckers for Greek food, but I don't think I am ultra-biased just because of that. The menu is not overwhelming, with enough options to find something you genuinely want to eat, but not extensively tedious. Each dish is obviously crafted as a piece of art, both in taste and presentation. From memory, I will say the zucchini cakes with greek yogurt sauce is one of the highlights. Twice we have ordered sand-ground greek espresso with our dessert. We first ordered it out of curiosity, the second time out of humor. This little coffee is a shot of speed and is recommended if you're driving a ways home! Overall, as a young guy who likes to take his girlfriend out for a nice dinner occasionally, Kokkari meets all the standards I have for romantic, tasty, accommodating experience that will not totally break the bank. I've eaten at some nice places, but this is easily one of my favorite 3 restaurants. Cheers.
Love the atmosphere here.  Great for date night
What can I add except that this is probably the Best Lunch in SF! Yes the food is truly excellent, and the dinner diners can rave over each individual dish that they like. But when you have time and budget for a great lunch -- come here. Another SF restaurant that keeps getting better!
Anyone who says this place is bland must smoke cigarettes in between bites. Everything I have ordered from here has been amazing. Although I haven't strayed to far away from what I like, the lamb rotisserie is hands down the best lamb I ever had. Also their cold, stuffed calamari is the stuff too. The place is pricey no doubt, and walk ins good luck. Can't wait to come back here.
I was really excited to eat here after hearing all of the hype and, yes, it was good but it fell short of my expectations. I am not sure if I was expecting too much but the food did not exceed my san franciscan standards (I am aware that they may be too high). My friend and I shared the mixed appetizers and I started with a citrus salad. Both were really good but nothing to write home about. Then, I had the grilled whole fish which was just what it says: grilled fish with lemon. Nothing I couldn't do myself at home. The ambiance is beautiful and the food good but for the price, not worth it for me.
It was ok. For all the hype, I expected more.Our table wasn't ready when our reservation time came and it was only a real pain because I had major back pains that day. And there is no where to sit and wait!They seated us and gave us a flatbread to apologize for the almost 30-minute wait for our reservation. That Kalamata Pita might have been the best food of the night!The saghanaki was ok--I've had better. It was kind of dry and really salty.The zucchini cakes were very good. With a cool dipping sauce.We had a rotisserie duck thing that wasn't very good. Perhaps something else was better but it was on special and a let down. Dry, tough, not that flavorful.The lamb riblets were ok.Overall, the atmosphere was not my vibe so that may have been part of it. It was totally shi-shi and the "i want to be seen" restaurant, which is not what I heard about it. Maybe we went on the wrong day but it had that haughty vibe that was kind of off-putting.A lot of money for food that was meh and a setting that was not my vibe. Maybe it's yours so I think it is worth a try, at least once!
We had a great birthday dinner here a few years ago! They have excellent food and wonderful service! Highly recommend!
The only time I eat lamb is when I'm at a restaurant where I have more confidence that they prepare it really well. It's mostly because I'm not a huge fan of that distinctive gamey taste. Since everyone here was raving their lamb chops, it was the obvious choice for me. As described on the hundreds of reviews, it was pretty darn good. Too bad my stomach wasn't bigger because I could have totally eaten another order. (ok most likely not, but it was that good). We also shared the Moussaka which was also delicious on it's own, but not as delicious as the chops. The cops were perfectly cooked and really flavorful; so tender and juicy with a great grilled crust.Unfortunately, great quality of the food comes with a price. I'd gladly pay for good food, but I can't lie when the numbers prevented me from ordering an appetizer. Maybe next time, since now I'm pretty confident about their food.
Kokkari is good but not great; the food was hit and miss.First, the service was excellent. We didn't have a reservation and went on a whim, but they were able to fit us in at 10. I know, you're thinking 10 is pretty late and I'm crazy for being appreciative, but finding a walk-in on a Friday night is a minor miracle. They didn't rush us to get our order or anything; the waiter was very patient and even gave us a few recommendations.The restaurant is also very nice. The decor is warm and inviting without pretension. The bar is hopping, and the restaurant is packed with people enjoying their food.The problem is: the food isn't great. There's some good food, and some very mediocre. It's very inconsistent.Spanakotiropita - very flaky but lacking a little flavorSparaggia - I could make oven roasted asparagus like this at homeSaghanaki - the cheese was very salty, but definitely tastyMakaronia - tasty pasta dish with equal amounts of vegetablesArnisia Paidakia - the lamb was a tiny bit underdone, but still solidIf they pumped up the menu, I would have no hesitation giving this place 5 stars. As it sits, I'm being a little generous with 4.
Awesome restaurant. Love the Octopus and the Spanikopita.
We were a large table of 12 and had the Best Greek food ever!! The stuffed octopus was like butter! Moussaka was very delicious, the lamb chops was outstanding. We will come back and try the rest of the dishes. The food was just so Fresh and mouth watering good!!
I wanted to take my friend out for her bday, so I needed something new and different. We both haven't eaten here before, so I thought it would be a perfect time to try it out. I booked a 6:30 reservation, and we were seated right away. The place was packed on a Wednesday night. Reservations are highly recommended.The waiter came by and told us the specials and gave his recommendations. I couldn't pronounce the Greek names, so I had the waiter repeat them just for fun. We went with his suggestions for the appetizers and got the Kolokithokeftethes...crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ) and the Octapodaki tou Yiorgou...grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ). The zucchini cake was so good. The texture reminded me of a crab cake, but made with zucchini. It was nice and crispy on the outside and had lots of great flavor. I usually don't order octopus because the suction cups weird me out. We tried it anyway since there were such good reviews on the dish. It was nice and tender, and had that nicely grilled flavor.For our main dishes, JL went with the Mediterranean Sea Bass- wood oven-roasted, with tomato, fennel & olives( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ) and I got the Arnisia Paidakia - grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ). I got to try a bite of the sea bass, and it was super delicious. The flavors of the tomato and the fennel go so well with the fish. I'd highly recommend this dish! My lamb chops were quite good as well. The meat was very tender and flavorful from the grilling process.When I made my reservation, I let them know it was my friend's bday. We didn't even have to order dessert...they just brought her a Galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with honey roasted pineapple & crme frache ice cream( static.px.yelp.com/bphot ) with Happy Birthday written on the plate. This was super good. The custard inside the filo was really light and not too sweet. It went really well with the roasted pineapple.The service here was excellent! The waiter constantly checked up on us to make sure everything was ok. We were there for almost 3 hours catching up on life, and they didn't even try to kick us out....no dirty looks or anything! I'll definitely be back for the great food and great service!
about as good as it gets, nuff said. Grilled octopus is a must as is the lamb. I feel like I'm Odeysseus feasting with my mates in this place! May be #1 restaurant in SF, certainly for the value.
Enjoyed the various appetizers especially the squash blossom and the flat bread. The Greek salad was very fresh and the lamb chop was very well prepared and Flavorful. The service was great and the location was ideal.
Friendly and expert service, delicious food and a charming atmosphere for all occasions.  Kokkari can accommodate work parties, friends getting together, or couples looking for a romantic and intimate setting.  Repeat visits will tell how consistent the experience is. But I will definitely be back, soon.
I came here for a work lunch last week and loved the atmosphere. Perhaps because it just seemed so fitting for a rainy day. We were sat around this large wood table that was unique. We started with pita and this spicy whipped feta spread (tirosalata?) - delicious! I had the lamb burger served in pita bread with cucumber and mint and it was super filling and yummy.  I had to take half of it home. And the fries served with them were even good after being reheated which never happens with french fries. Two of the people with us got the greek coffee which they both enjoyed and I would want to try the next time I go.
One of my top 5 favorite restaurants in the city. Service is impeccable and EVERYTHING on the menu is mouthwatering. My personal faves are the grilled veggie skewers (artichokes, eggplant, and peppers grilled to perfection and drenched in olive oil and herbs), the lamb chops, the gigantes and during the summer months I go there for dinner just so I can order the summer berry pudding.
(See pics)The zuchini cakes was really good. The moussaka my friend had was very rich and delicious. The lamb shank dish was too big of a dish like half of a lamb was there. It kinda killed my appetite just looking at it. I could only finish about half of it.The prices are very decent and it's such a big place that feels like somone's house with a nice fireplace.Bathrooms are in the basement and seeing the wines I was a bit surprised sine it was a fairly warm area and was wondering if the wines cellar was just properly separated in cooler temperature.Service was very good and friendly.
I've been coming to Kokkari for several years. I love this place, hands down top 5 restaurants in the bay area - and consistently each time I dine there. Service is always top notch, servers know their product and have a good understanding of their wine list - which can be daunting even if you know wine. Ambience is awesome, rustic, but still elegant and makes you feel very comfortable. I get excited each time I make a reservation - and trust me, you should make a reservation, as tables don't open up for lunch or dinner...Food - now, that is the best part. Unbelievably good - I haven't ate one thing at Kokkari that I haven't given a 8 out of 10 or higher. If you go, get whatever they have on the spit for the day, and if they have the goat, you're in for a very special treat. enjoy!
The best grilled lamb chops ever, made perfectly tender and moist. Great service and ambiance. Their homemade ice cream Kokkati sundae was great too! The grilled octopus is not a bad dish either which was prepared well and not chewy. Zucchini cakes were nice and crispy on the outside and fresh inside.
Had a great night here yet again (by myself) ... unbelievable place... give me seat 13 on the bar every Saturday night, and I will be a very happy camper!
Amazing food. It's amazing what this restaurant, and its sister Evvia in Palo Alto, can do with just a few simple ingredients. Olive oil + couple things + perfect cooking technique = magic.
We enjoyed a lunch at this fabulous restaurant that was referred to us by friends. Not knowing what to expect we were in awe walking in. The ambience is elegant yet understated. Spacious yet still intimate. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and super attentive. We enjoyed one of the spreads, feta, green chili and yougurt with their homemade Pita bread...outstanding. We also had the greek salad, lamb riblets and meatballs. The food was delicious and the presentation beautiful. Highly recommend and can't wait to return for dinner.
FANTASTIC. Fantastic fantastic! The food is incredible, the service is impeccable, the restaurant is beautiful...what more needs to be said? The closest thing I've found to the amazing food in Greece. Go. Now!
Super Classy. Truly fine dining service but warmmmmm.Food is delicious. I am partial to foods with flavor and spice and pickled and brined stuff so this is right up my alley! We had mostly everything on the menu that night and it was all good solid food, no complaints.Beautiful decor, warmmmmmmm and rustic and elegant.Great for birthday pahties... all the little dishes were incredibly tasty and well executed.
We chose this place based on yelp reviews only to find that it was also recommended by several foodies native to San Francisco. This a beautiful, large restaurant with plenty of staff that offers friendly & top notch service. The zucchini cake apps were delicious, lamb Chops perfect & fresh roasted whole petrol sole simply prepared with lemon juice, olive oil & herbs light & yummy. Baklava & praline ice cream was expectedly sweet but a great finish to a great meal. Greek wines were fun to try, very good & reasonably priced. Although the restaurant was crowded it wasn't noisy & conversation was easily achieved. So glad we gave it a try.
Amazing food and atmosphere. Its a lot of fun to order a bunch of appetizers to split with friends and just a couple of entrees. Although the restaurant could be considered expensive, it is definitely possible to have a very reasonably priced meal by doing it this way, and you get more than enough food! Everything is tastes excellent, and the service is phenomenal. Great place to go and celebrate something special! Oh, and its popular, so make reservations!
Grilled lamp chops a must!! Service can be improved. Overall great experience.
My co-worker and I noticed this place everytime we walked by to go to Safeway or BPS. After seeing how it was always packed at lunch, we decided to try it out (neither one of us our Mediterranean food fans). We got there a bit early to beat the crowd. After scanning through the menu up & down, we finallly decided to order the following:Wood Oven Roasted Prawns - with tomato sauce & feta cheese Grilled Octopus - with lemon, oregano & olive oil Greek Salad - of tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, red onion, feta, oregano & olivesNeither my co-worker or I were impressed by the food. It just didn't taste right. The grilled octopus had a very strange texture. This is one place we definitely would not go back to. However, I'll have to admit it's because I'm not a fan of mediterranean food.
It takes a while to get a reservation here on a weekend. I heard great things about the food here so I decided to try it out. I'm not a big fan of lamb but the lamb here is really good. We got the whole fish and the goat stew the first time. It's a really nice restaurant. We also went to their other restaurant in Palo Alto, Evia. The seasoning of the food was delicious and I would definitely come again to both restaurants.
I've been here so many times its ridiculous. Never had a bad meal or bad service. The mark of an excellent business is consistency, and as I think more and more, Kokkari is probably among the best restaurants I've been to.
This was everything that it was purported to be!!! Super service, fabulous food. Entrees did not have too many veg items, but pigged out on a lot of appetizers. Good thing I am a small (but very picky) eater. Zucchini cakes were scrumptious!!! So was everything else. Avoid the seasonal salad with the beets persimmon - not that great.
Delicious!! I've always heard about this place, but up until yesterday never tried it. Everything was really good here! Service was outstanding, and the ambiance was great!Things we ate:*Grilled Octopus - if you like octopus, u will love this dish! It was absolutely tasty! *Grilled Lamb Riblets - I'm a big fan of lamb, so I thought this was really good. You get six riblets for this appetizer!*3 Dips with Pita - We ended up getting the eggplant dip (Melitzanosaalata), the Yogurt Dip (Tzatziki), and the bead dip (Favosalata) - This is a must to try! Everything was really flavorful!*Octopus Salad - light and refreshing! It had the same grilled octopus as the appetizer.Lamb Souvlaki - You def. cannot go wrong ordering lamb here! They make it super tasty!Overall, a must try for greek food! Def. very flavorful!!
I don't what to say about this place except that the food is fantastic (if the goat stew is on the menu... ORDER IT!), the ambience lively yet cozy, the service knowledgeable and attentive, and the wine list impressive. I come here maybe once every couple months and I'm never disappointed. DO TRY IT.
This is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco! It is hard to get a reservation but it's worth the wait. We've brought many friends and family here and they never disappoint.
Kokkari would have been 4 stars based on the food alone. Sadly, the service wasnt good. After waiting approximately an hour and a half, we watched three tables sit open for at least an hour of that time. When we finally were able to sit at the bar the server was attentive but mixed up the meal a few times. The pita and hummus were delicious. Overall, not what I would expect for a 4 and a half star restaurant however, it is a nice atmosphere for drinks and hummus.
This place has been on my list for quite some time now and last night I finally made it in. The atmosphere is comfortable, welcoming, and maybe even a little romantic which is always a plus in my book. The staff is crazy friendly and even laughed at my Husbands jokes (it is possible they were just being nice about his jokes but still.... points...)The service was fantastic! Prompt and attentive without being pushy. The menu looked amazing and there were some pretty fantastic sounding specials. The mushrooms with Halumi cheese was mouth watering as were the lamb riblits. My main course, the halibut, was overall a little too salty but the fish was tender and flaky without being the slightest bit dry. My husband had the rotisserie lamb with different bits of lamb (a little shoulder, leg, and some skin). Seasoned perfectly and juicy to the last bite. Ending the meal with an ice cream sundae made the night feel a little naughty but in the best way possible. Only three stars due to the fact that my fish dish was too salty but I haven't given up hope on Kokkari and plan on another try just because of the atmosphere, staff, and amazing appetizers.
DELICIOUS AND AMAZING!Not only did we receive excellent service from our fabulous waiter Max but also thoroughly enjoyed every dish we ordered.We started with three appetizers: the saghanaki, kalamari and duck dolma special. All three were amazing! The saghanaki was delicious (very lemony!) But really, how can you go wrong with friend cheese? The kalamari had a lot fo flavor and was chewy. Mm! My favorite was the duck dolma which they had on special last night. The sauce they paired with it was excellent.I love moussaka and knew I was going to order this when I made the reservation three weeks ago. It didn't disappoint! Perfectly cooked and full of flavor. I can't wait to eat my leftovers for dinner tonight!For dessert, we had baklava ice cream. Holy yum! I would eat this every day of my life if possible. Mmm!!I really think our waiter Max made the night awesome for us. He was very attentive, charming and knowledgable. He helped us pick our appetizers, entrees and wine. Thank you, Max, for an awesome evening!!
Ohmigosh. A definite must. Everything we had was delicious. We had a fantastic server and great wine. Highly recommend.
Wonderful place for a special dinner. We ate at the bar and were totally taken care of by the excellent, professional bartenders. Food was delicious - unmistakably Mediterranean but not your average fare by a long shot. Friendly, attentive service.
When I go somewhere was renowned was Kokkari, I really expect a lot. I can't even say that I was even a little disappointed in my experience. I came SUPER late to the reservation and notified them asap. The staff was so accommodating and sat us down as soon as we got there. Restaurant is large, delicately decorated, and really intimate.Ordered the calamari and zucchini cakes as our starters, as recommended by our server. Honestly? Zucchini cakes? If its not covered in pork belly I'd probably just graze over it on the menu. But they were delicious. It only comes with 2 cakes so order enough for your party. Also ordered the calamari - juicy and liked the acidic sauce. For entrees, I ordered the snapper roasted and he ordered the lamb kabob. Both were perfectly cooked, simply prepared, but nonetheless very flavorful. Both were very large entrees so if you're small like me don't be ashamed to share!Our server was outstanding, can't even remember when I've had a better one. I used to serve before college so I know how hard it can be. But honestly I HATE it when servers are so friendly that its awkward/overbearing/annoying. Our server and my date and I shared a few laughs, but our server also gave us the perfect amount of space. (Really wish I remembered his name!) His knowledge of the menu was very impressive (perfect accent), and recommended the great glasses of wine for each of our entrees. Described a fruity pino grigio that went wonderfully with the snapper, and my date said his wine pairing was his favorite part of the meal. All in all, the food is simply prepared but delicious, the waitstaff is amazing, and the wine list is paired to a T. Can't wait until my next trip back!
Good food, great wait staff but a C word of a hostess. She needs to go!! Dumber than dirt and probably hung over on crack!
Every single dish (about eight different dishes) I tasted during this meal was exquisite. The flour less cake is decadent and perfectly prepared. The atmosphere and service were perfect. I will eat here every chance I get.
My favorite restaurant in SF! Love the zuchini cakes and octopus. Kokkari never disappoints
Made us wait for 30mins even after redo.Made up by giving us some free appetizers. Awesome food though.
Going straight to it. I had very high expectations, and really wanted to love it..Appetizer:Lamb Meatballs - it was good, sauce was tasty, but not mindblowing.Entree:Lamb Shank - it was just ok for me. The outside was fatty/tender but it was way too dry inside. I was going to dip it in the sauce but the orzo/sauce was overly salty. It was like they forgot they added salt twice and salted three times kind of salty. :/Lamb Chops - the bf got this. Needed a little more seasoning (compared to the lamb shank which had flavor and not the salty orzo/sauce. It was perfectly cooked; nice and tender. Definitely, the winner of the three that we ordered.Service: We sat at the bar, so everything was super speedy and we made no reservations. Bar Seating: It was slightly annoying when other guests were hovering right behind our necks, trying to rush us out while we were paying the bill. Yes, it's the bar, but at a nice place like this, please respect the dining experience and wait. So I guess reservations for a table are a good idea.I would come back to give Kokkari another shot, but I'm not going to get the lamb shanks again. I want to try the Duck Dolmathes special.. and probably more appetizers.
This is the best ever in restaurants, food, service, ambience, best meal in SF!!!! Joshua made it all even better because of his recommendations! Timing and pacing!!! He knows timing and pacing so you can come here with friends, have great conversation and he is so respectful and present and yet gave us space to chat and enjoy!!! A fine balance of excellence in service and giving you time to BE!
Beautiful restaurant with a very special decor and ambiance and to top it all, the food is delicious. This is not your typical Greek Restaurant and your budget has to be planned accordingly.
4.5 starsWith 994 reviews there isn't much I can add but I really enjoyed my experience at Kokkari. Service was excellent, we were seated immediately when we walked in and we were seated near the windows and the wood burning stove that had berkshire pork and chicken roasting in it. The decor of the restaurant was very rustsic and comfortable with wood beam vaulted ceilings.We ordered three appetizers: Octapodaki tou Yiorgou - grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil - I didn't know what to expect but this was so good! It was meaty and had a nice flavor to it.Kalamari - grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel & orange with black olives. I also liked this, it was a nice balance of flavors but the only thing was it seemed a little cool in temperature, like they left it sitting there a little too long.Korrari salad - arugula with feta cheese and tomatoes. I made a mistake in ordering this because this was just a regular salad, nothing really stood out.We had two of their specials - goat stew with orzo, and berkshire pork with yukon potatoes. Goat stew was flavorful and orzo had soaked up the goat juices and was delicious. Berkshire pork was tender and it came with pork rinds and bacon. We also ordered the dessert: Galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with sour cherry spoon sweet & crme frache ice cream. Oh my goodness, this was really delicious - the custard was so creamy and smooth and wasn't too sweet. I'm not normally a fan of custard but this was divine!I will definitely come back to Kokkari to try their other dishes - I was eyeing the lamb shank at the table next to ours and is next on my list!
The chops and the fried cheese were amazing. The service was a little bit slow but it was an ok place. They don't use fresh lemon for their lemonades instead they use minute maid. I think the place has good service too.
Great Lamb Chop and Grilled OctopusExcellent service despite it's a big restaurant
What a wonderful experience! Great food and great service! Don't miss this place.
So where do you eat when you're stuck in the Embarcadero area on business and you want to taste some of SF's finest? Kokkari's for sure. Hands down, the best Greek meal I've had outside of Greece.There I was on a business trip taking time for dinner with an old girlfriend. (And here's a shoutout to my darling, gorgeous wife who told me to go have fun . . . (but not too much):). Kokkari's turned out to be just the right place. Perhaps a little too white and yuppy to make the place feel like a down home slice of the Bay area, but nonetheless, tre stylish and serving excellent food and wine.First thing that surprised me about the place: Hard to get an early (6 p.m.) table on a Monday night. Whoa. Whazzup with that? This place doesn't have a "Danko" or "Keller" stuck anywhere in the name. Guess I'm just a country boy who thought one could walk into almost any place at that ridiculously early hour and find a table.Once we grabbed the last (and only?) bar table, kindly dressed in a white tablecloth as a nice touch, we started in on the treats. Folks are right, the crispy zucchini cakes (Kolokithokeftethes) are winners. Lightly fried with a delicate breading, they go perfectly with the cucumber and mint yogurt sauce that dresses them.We chose a Metoxi wine (from a blend of cab and limnio grapes) out of the Tsantalis winery on Mr. Athos. It was called a "monastic wine," and I think that was because it was a little piece of heaven: Had the depth of cabernet sauvignon but the velvety sparkle of a limnio.For dinner I had their signature lamb chops (Arnisia Paidakia) with lemon oregano vinaigarette and really tasty pan fried potato wedges. Perfectly cooked and as good as any lamb I've ever had. My friend had Psari Psito, a grilled whole fish with braised greens, lemon & Cretan olive oil. Both were excellent.For dessert we took the lead of the extremely efficient and professional server who recommended Galaktoboureko, made special by sweetened Meyer lemon strips and crme frache ice cream. I finished the meal off with an excellent cup of Greek coffee. And the whole thing, for what we got, was not unreasonably priced.So here's my advice. Call well ahead for a reservation. Sit in the corner diagonally opposite the bar. Eat exactly what we ate. And smile. Bigtime. Kokkari Estiatorio, Stinygiasou!
Excellent service, outstanding food, and snazzy atmosphere. They serve the best grilled pita bread, it's wonderfully thick & flavorful. Try it with the Tzatiki or Tirosalata dip - mmm! The Favosalata dip is okay relative to the others, earthy but not very distinctive. Also excellent is the Artichoke Souvlaki, a robust melt-in-your-mouth veggie dish with grilled artichokes & eggplant skewers. I'd definitely come back here.
Incredible. This place is just incredible. From the moment we arrived at the restaurant, we were treated with such warmth. The decor is very beautiful yet inviting, gorgeous exposed beams of wood and classic furniture. My mom and I were seated at a table towards the back of the restaurant by the windows. Our server was so gracious and made great suggestions. We started off with a couple glasses of wine and perused the menu.We started off with an appetizer of pita bread served with eggplant dip, tzakiki, and a spicy jalapeno feta dip. The plate was sprinkled with olives and pickled vegetables....yum. It was sooo delicious! We didn't want to eat too much because we had to save room for our entrees, but it was hard.We split the lamb chops and the halibut. Both were AMAZING but the lamb chops were just to die for. We couldn't get over how tasty and tender they were. I can't wait to take my husband here next time we visit SF. I can't decide if Kokkari is better than Pylos in NYC...I dream of both :)
First off I am not a fan of Mediterranean food PRIOR to going to Kokkari.We arrived 30 minutes prior to our reservation and enjoyed a cocktail while we waited .The ambiance was gorgeous and the bar looked fully stocked minus the fruit flies that hovered over the olives."Would you like olives with your martini?" NO thanks!!While waiting at the bar, we were showered lightly with a broken nozzle on the soda dispenser. 2nd bartender came over to investigate and guess what? we were showered again lol. Our drinks were compt....Thanks!!On our way to be seated we were impressed with the fully visible kitchen and all of the hard working chefs getting ready for what we expected to be a busy night.Sure enough the place was filed quickly and the noise level was soft.Our waitress did a wonderful job in sharing the menu entrees and gave us a few minutes to select our choices.She was very attentive.Lets order!!!AppetizersGrilled Octopus - Tasted more like chickenZucchini Cakes - Delicious!!!ENTREESLamb Shack - Falling of the bone tenderlyGoat Stew: (not on menu and limited) - Tasted like Lamb shank with a bit more seasoning.Desert: Galaktoboureko - OMG delish!!!
I travel to San Francisco 3-4 times a year. I always make it a point to eat here. The appetizers and all the other dishes are incredibly delicious. It all adds up to a pricey meal, but it is worth every penny!It would be a mistake to pass on the appetizers. Lamb riblets...prawns...yum! among the main courses, the pastitsio is my personal favorite. I've also tried many other items on the menu. It's all good!
When my team at work wanted dinner I quickly checked my list of all the places I've been dying to eat in SF and remembered this place! Now this is Greek food!!!I thought it was going to be very tough for me to find something to eat since I don't eat meat and the menu seems to be very meaty but that wasn't the fact at all.The zucchini cakes and yogurt cucumber sauce was EXCELLENT!!!! It had that crunchy yet soft texture was great. The prawns were also a big hit to my gut.For my main entree, I had the snapper that was OMG DELISH!!!! They clean it up real good for you so you never bite down on a single bone. MmmFor dessert, the Kokkari Sundae was a great end. This place is a hit so beware of the following things:1. Super packed so please make a reservation2. Parking sucks but valet is only $83. Best Perceco ever according to my team members4. Try the lamb my team swore by it5. Seating is a little tight but elbow to elbow is the new thing
During my second visit to Kokkari, I shared the following dishes with a friend:*pita platter - we picked the feta w/ red pepper dip, fish roe dip and eggplant dip. I loved the pita bread and every dip was delectable! The cucumbers are great palette cleansers and provide a refreshing break from the heavy dips and doughy pita. Warning: this is HUGE and suffices as 1.5 entrees.*lamb meatballs - divine per usual*whole sea bass, oven-roasted w/ lemon, herb, olive oil - the true skill of a chef is showcased in the simplest of dishes. The bass was perfectly roasted and there was plenty of meat under the crispy, lightly salted skin. The oil, lemon and herb drizzled over the fish enhanced the meat's subtle sweetness. Amazing!*moussaka - I've rarely disliked a dish to the point where I wont touch it after my first bite. This was one of them. I don't blame it on the chef at all. I think it was just an issue with personal preference. The cinnamon was so overpowering and the meat was rather dry. We over-ordered for a party of two as we underestimated the size of the pita platter! The service and ambiance were topnotch and consistent with my previous visit. I love Kokkari and highly recommend it to everyone!
Outstanding food and service. We had made a reservation but for the wrong day! They accommodated us and found us 4 great seats at the bar. Lamb chops best I've ever had. Lamb shank on orzo pasta was a treat. Both perfectly cooked/flavored. I've eaten in Greek restaurants in many counties/cities and this even beat the best I've been to in Greece!!! A special shout out for the guy behind the bar who took care of us. Can't recall his name - bald guy with earrings. Unbelievable, immaculate service. A wonderful experience all round. Please open in San Diego. We need it!
My mouth started watering at 10:30am when I saw the grilled octopus on the menu. I used OpenTable and was able to get a 1:30 reservation on a Friday.I had two appetizers:Grilled Octopus:  It was tender and delicious, with a large wedge of lemon that I squeezed all over it. The oregano was not overpowering, and the olive oil used in this dish was nutty and flavorful in a good way. Overall, I loved it and will definitely go back and order it again. It came out a bit less warm than I would have liked...like, lukewarm. So that lost Kokkari some star-cred, but it was still very, very good.Dolmades:I love dolmas and eat them all the time (kind of a dolma connoisseur). I wanted a little something besides the octopus and chose the dolmas as a healthy and delicious choice and because they had gotten mostly very good reviews. They were just okay--not as flavorful as I would have liked and I needed to add salt. Not great, and certainly not worth $7 for 4 of them. Next time I'll try the zucchini cakes that everyone raves about. It took 5 minutes or so before my waiter came by--not really so great at an upscale establishment. The octopus was really, truly excellent, despite the temperature issue, which is why this restaurant still gets a 4. I'll be back.Other Notes:-Very loud at 1:30pm. -Restaurant is large with open floor plan and several rooms.-Extensive wine list-You need to take an elevator one floor down to get to the restrooms
This place is great! It is always good and never waivers! Every dish is a hit! A great place for a celebration, romantic, charming and delicious!
Since today is my birthday, I thought I would give 1 of 3 birthday dinner reviews :) And yes, I like to celebrate early! Haha.I came here on with my family for an 8:30 reservation. We got seated and started perusing the menu. All I can say is there are a lot of words I cannot pronounce! :P After speaking with the waiter we decided to start with their grilled octopus, trio of dips (you have to ask for this because it is not stated on the menu- it came with caviar hummus, eggplant, and tzatziki), and their mushroom special of the day. It took a while for the apps to come out but we dug into the wonderful table bread and olive oil provided. The highlight of the apps was the trio of dips. So wonderfully delicious. I could eat a whole mountain full of the tzatziki sauce. Their grilled pita is soooo good as well to sop up all the goodness. The octopus was ok- it was too soft IMO and didn't have a good bite to it. The mushrooms were good but not my first choice of appetizer. We did need our veggies though, haha!For entrees we opted for the Lamb Chop, Lamb Special, Feta-Stuffed Quail, and the Whole Fish of the Day (roasted). My dad had a salad and was the garbage can for whatever the 4 girls couldn't finish! By far the Lamb Chop was the star of the show. Wonderfully juicy and not gamey at all! YUMMMMMMM! The potatoes that came with it were superb as well. Good thing we ordered this because they were sold out of it by the end of the night! The Lamb Special was pieces cut off a whole lamb that has been spinning on a rotisserie in the middle of the restaurant. You got a taste of everything. Whatever piece I tried was so good, fatty, and melt in your mouth. The Feta-Stuffed Quail was my Dad's favorite. The Quail was really succulent and the addition of the feta made it oh so wonderful. The Whole Fish was by consensus the least successful dish of the meal. It was a bit too fishy tasting and it didn't have a distinct "Greek" flavor like the other dishes.For dessert nothing really sounded appealing until the waiter explained the Galaktoboureko to us. It is basically a filo egg roll with custard layers inside. It was paired with pistachio ice cream. MmM! Really good! So good in fact I only had one bite and then it was all gone!! :/Overall, a great meal celebrating and enjoying each others company :) I definitely recommend this place for a nice dinner with family, friends, or a date.
This restaurant has great food, great wait staff and amazing atmosphere. I have been coming here since it opened--probably 15 years ago? My question for the manager--WHY are the rudest people on your staff the ones who answer your phone?!! Those women lack the capability to be friendly to your customer. I have noticed this trend for the past year. I called to cancel a future reservation--yes who calls anymore to CANCEL a reservation and free it up for someone else--she initially disconnected me putting me on hold, then after I called back she said "now what do you want"? I replied that I needed to cancel a reservation. She replied "Oh". I gave her my name and date/time and she said I see that there. No "thank you for calling". Just "oh". Earlier in the year I called to inquire how far out I could make a reservation for a date. I was given incorrect information. When I called on the date that I thought was correct, I was told there were no reservations on that date. I said "but the reservations just opened hours ago". She said no that they had opened on the first day of the month (NOT what the Kokkari phone person had told me). When I said "oh no I love this restaurant and was trying to plan a get together" she replied "You don't have to get rude with me". WHAT? I wasn't rude at all. I used a standard tone with my voice and if anything sounded sad and bummed out, but not RUDE. The receptionist did nothing to say --let's see what we can do to get you in. Nothing. Rude. Owner--Manager--whomever hires these women--PLEASE call in now and then and see how they talk to you??? Do a little check on them?? I think you may be surprised at how they are speaking to your customers!
Great Food , Great Wine , Great Atmosphere , Great Bus Service , Great Food Runners , HORRIBLE waitress named Sarah ! Avoid her at all costs
This is the best Greek restaurant I have found in the bay area. Ever since I went to Milo's in NYC, it was challenging to find something great out here and I had heard all the raves about Kokkari, so I chose it as the dining destination for my birthday recently.Besides having to take an elevator to use the restroom, this restaurant's layout is beautiful. The entrance leads into the bar and as you make your way past the hall, you see the kitchen and then more dining areas.We were in a party of ten and although the restaurant called me three times to confirm the reservation, they did an excellent job at setting up a large, comfortable table. They also accommodated the request of serving cake, without a cake cutting fee.I would highly highly recommend the octopus salad and lamb riblets. I haven't had such tender octopus salad since living in Italy!Two thumbs up! Appetizers average between $9-$13 and entrees average between $20-$35.
Just had my Bday dinner last night. It a little bit confusing at beginning coz our waitress hasn't coming right after we got seated. It might waiting for about almost 10 mnts 'till she came. But right after we got helped everything was amazing. Overall service is great! 4 stars! The appetizers: Grilled Octopus was AMAZING! Melt in the mouth so tender. If i can give more than 5 stars i will :p Other appetizers was ok but still the octopus was the star! The main course Grilled Lamb Chopped was crazy good! 5 stars!!!!!! The desserts: Baklava is too sweet in my taste but it still tasty. 4 stars for that. ;) if u calculate everything it just a wonderful experience! I will be back for sure!
Took my family here for my sisters birthday and the experience was meh. There are so many other great places in SF, I would skip Kokkari. The service is average, but the food needs updating. Was not a memorable experience.
So I've called 3 different reservation staff, all of them told me to wait a month since I can only book a month in advance. I had told them that I have a huge group to book. I volunteered as much information as I can. Did they? No...After waiting a month, I was told that it's full. What?! I called first thing in the morning.The reason that they are already booked, is that they actually do take reservations more than a month in advance, except you must meet the minimum of $2500. Now, why none of the 3 staff told me, I don't know. They could've told me that there is a large booking already. Why did that have to be a fing secret?I am so irritated by the lack of explanation. Please put someone on the phone that is actually helpful with information!!!I couldve booked other restaurants, now I have to scramble and find a different restaurant when I couldve booked it in October! :(:(:(
I didn't even hesitate to give Kokkari five stars. Everything was spectacular from the service to the food. Our waiter was outstanding and our food was some of the best I've had in San Francisco. The atmosphere is romantic and there is a hearth with with rotating meats in the center of the dining room which reminded me of some restaurants in Spain. Speaking of rotating meat, my husband had the Christmas goose, and it was wonderful and better than duck. I had the sea bass which was also very good. But, I envied my husband's goose and luckily he was nice enough to share. I'll definitely be back and next time I'm going to try the lamb or whatever is in the hearth. Oh yeah! They had a full bar and a extensive wine list. :)
Really not necessary to go into lengths here.Peruse the pics,read a few reviews,make a reservation,then GO.Great ambiance, immaculate service, great food and drink.Kokkari knows DINING.
Wonderful staff! We came for lunch and ordered multiple appetizers and small plates to share - definitely the way to go. The front of the restaurant has slightly nicer ambience, with the fireplace and homey feel. Wish we sat there, but nothing to complain about. Lunch reservations are easier to acquire and a couple of dishes really brought me back to my college days in Greece... the tomatoes and gigandes plaki were my personal favorites, but honestly everything was fabulous!
Absolutely amazing dining experience. Upscale ambiance, first class service from the valet to the hostess to the servers, and incredible food. I had never eaten proper Greek cuisine before coming here, and it is phenomenal.
Kokkari definitely deserves all of the 4 and 5 star reviews! The food here is absolutely delicious and the service is excellent. They have a great wine list and a ton of variety on their menu. The food is pricey but worth it for a special occasion!
Well deserved 5 star. Almost 30 reviews and 4.5 stars.. There is a reason for it. You can tell they use quality ingredients and cook with care. Comfortable atmosphere with professional service.
Omg awesome. Seriously, drop a bone and go have some of the best lamb you can get in the country. These people are top notch! Thank you for a great night.
I had a good experience at Kokkari. The food was great and service was spot-on. However, a few things were not so great:1) They have quite a few tables right by the front door/greeting booth. If you are sitting at one of these tables on a busy/cold day (as I was), expect there to be a LOT of foot traffic around your table and to get periodically blasted with cold air from outside (they do not have an airlock).2) Some of the tables are set up in very bizarre way. Our little table was about 3 inches away from an adjacent table with a floor lamp in between. This was ok until another couple was seated next to us. At that point you need either make friends or sit very awkwardly and pretend not to notice each other or hear each other's conversations.3) I was taking my date out to a surprise show at the Orpheum after dinner. I had called Kokkari to let them know that I needed to be out of the restaurant by a certain time so that we could make the show. They had put this in their notes (which was great), but the problem came when the waiter first approached our table and make a comment to the tune of "Don't worry, we will get your food out as soon as possible so that you can make your show!" Surprise blown! Oh well.
I have not been here in years. Being new to the City, I did not know the hot spots or the restaurants. It was a nice experience. From what I remember, the food was tender and moist. Everything was good. To me the price was unbelievable, but to my friend it was his norm. I just remember when the check came out, I gasped. It was my first expensive meal in San Francisco. I was always be a fan of this place.
At it's best! Superb....Will return to dine here! Reservations were easy and smooth. Hostess was friendly. Walked in and was seated right away. We had reservations at 5:00PM so we got to see the restaurant transform to how they really function. They kept up with the very busy crowd, and all the hustle and bustle. The Maitre d was professional and accomodating. Loved our waiter - Michael. At first seemed cold and unfriendly but as the night went on and he got started, he warmed up and had a great friendly personality. He memorized EVERYTHING WE ordered and my husband betted me that our waiter would mess up at least one of our orders - WRONG. Michael was precise with taking our order!!! I never had lamb before, and we ordered the lamb riblets for appetizer and OMG - It was delish. It actually tasted like beef and it just melted in my mouth!Everything on the menu is a must try. We ordered and loved the following:Appetizers:Arnisia Plevrakia (Lamb riblets)Karpouzi me Feta (Watermelon Salad)Kolokithokeftethes (Fried zuccini)Entree:Galeos (Steak Halibut)Mosharisia Brizola (Age Rib-eye steak)Dessert:Baklava We loved the atmosphere and the ambiance of the restaurant. We sat in the open kitchen area - and I could not believe I did not walk out of the restaurant smelling like food/spices. That open kitchen is awesome and must be built with great fans that suck up all the aroma of the food. The restaurant is fine dining, and there were people dressed up - while others walked in as though they just came from hiking. You must be careful if you wear heals/stilettos - hardwood floors throughout the restaurant, and it can be slippery. Thankfully I had my husband to hold on to. FYI: Restrooms are in a different level of the restaurant. You must take an elevator to get there. There are also small private dining rooms where the restrooms are located. It's pretty cool! Price is expected to be pricey but $130 is not so bad considering all that we ordered and we did not order wine. Highly recommend to check out!
There are 1974 reviews about this restaurant. 99% talk about how good this restaurant is. Can't go wrong here. I was there last night and I can say Yelp reviewers did a great job. This restaurant its DELICIOUS !!!!!
The food was good (typical Kokkari fare) but the service is awful. We came with a large party and were served from large platters by the waiter, who would reach over the backs of our chairs to do so. The number of times we were dripped on was just ridiculous. The final insult was when the bus boy came to fill water glasses in the same manner as if he was serving slop to pigs, with the glass literally overflowing, water everywhere, and he strolled nonchalantly away. It was a large table, so you already had your tip, but honestly, couldn't you at least try to give decent service...?
BEST GREEK in the CITY...enough said! Start with lemon chicken soup, spanakopita with greek yogurt and traditional greek salad! Wonderful Lamb chops or "melt-in-your-mouth" roasted chicken...OMG! Hopefully sit in front of the fire in the first dining room or watch the magic happen in the rear dining room! Private dining room is another gorgeous room option for a special occasion. Service is wonderful & valet your car to avoid the stress...CHEERS!
The salads are great, soup is pretty ok. I loved their whole fish entree, perfectly cooked fish. It is too pricey for the flavors and ambience, hence cutting one star
One of best restaurants in the city. Best Greek restaurant evAH!Two words: Whole Fish! I highly highly recommend the Branzino prepared on the grill. It's difficult not to order this every visit. Favorite small plates include the Zucchini cakes, beet salad, watermelon feta salad and of course the pita bread sampler. The white wine from Santorini was exceptional, wish I'd noted the vinyard name. Best fruit dessert in history: Four fruit pudding. It was like a light bread pudding of sponge cakes mixed with blackberries, blueberries, rasperries and topped with blackberry brandy. Whoa to die for!
Fabulous. Best baklava ever. Comprehensive wine list. innovative menu. generous portions. Amazing service.
This tops the list of my 10 greatest hits in SF. I come here at least once a month and they have enough 5 star reviews so I though I'd let it ride for while. After last nights fabulous experience, once again, I figured it's time to stop slacking off. Must haves in English to alleviate confusion: - Baked Greek Feta with Tomato, Capers & Metaza brandy -Pan fried cheese with Lemon & Oregano -Grilled Octopus or Grilled Calamari -Lamb Shank, Lamb Chops, or Rib Eye -Goat stew when available is phenomenal -Can't go wrong with anything on the Rotisserie -Baklava Ice Cream with anything is to die for After that, Food Hangover Everything at Kokkari is succulent, flavorful, and aromatic. I've never been disappointed with a single dish here and the service is on point. Pair these dishes with a nice Pinot and you're good as gravy. As I'm typing I just want to speak with my hands and throw them in the air like a passionate Mediterranean, that's how much love I have for this place. Ambiance is rustic and cozy, perfect setting for a cold winter night by the fireplace but also a hot summer day when they have the windows open. I had my birthday dinner here last year with a group of friends and it was splendid, we felt right at home. Simply Spectacular. I heart you Kokkari.
Kokarri is really, really good on it's own, but if you find yourself lucky enough to have Wayne as your waiter, or are smart enough to ask for him, Kokarri goes from good to out-f'ing-standing.This guy is so good, that he should probably have his own Yelp page. If you know dining, then you know that the food is only a part of the experience. Wayne will show you the rest.
The ambiance is warm and inviting and feels authentic and not pretentious. In the back of the restaurant there is a spit roasting a special of the day - which is often a good choice. There is not a bad choice to pick on the menu. Everything is delicious and not gussied up. Dolmas, the fried cheese, the chicken, the fish, the lamb are all good choices. This is often not the place to see if they can squeeze you in. If you want to eat here, you have to make a reservation in advance. Enjoy Greek food at its finest.
While the food and customer service of the wait staff is great. and rated at 5 stars I've never had a bad experience there.....the customer service at the hostess / reservation desk is yet to be desired.  I WOULD HAVE TO GIVE THE HOSTESS / RESERVATIONIST DESK A ONE STAR. I made a reservation a couple of weeks ago for 4 people at lunch via phone. Open Table at the time wasn't available to use; it was under restaurant control.  Then the day of the meeting, my executive asked to have the reservation extended to 6 people. Since I was unable to get through via phone, I decided to try Open Table and was able to make the reservation for 6.  So, I called the restaurant again and finally got someone on the phone and asked the hostess / reservationist to cancel the original reservation 4 and keep the reservation for 6, I re-stated my request again before we hung up and the reservationists response was in a rather rude tone, "I'll take care of it!" and hung up. No thank you for calling, no goodbye, no "sure, no problem"....NOTHING!  I never call to make a reservation for that reason, I always use Open Table.  As awesome as the food is and will continue to go back for that reason, Kokkari needs to work on getting better employees for the hostess / reservationist desk. Especially since they are the first line of people the customers will see.
Great food and great service. I love to take clients here. It always pleases.
In my opinion, this his has got to be one of the best restaurants in the city! The food is great, the staff is great, and the restaurant has a nice and cozy feel to it.I have to say that almost everything that I had to eat was delicious! Every starter that we had was tasty. The Spanakotiropita...delicious. The Grilled Octopus...delicious. The Pikti...well...I'll just say that it was interesting and tasty if you're into terrines.Now on to the entrees. And this is where the "almost" comes into play. I was told by several people to order the Arnisia Paidakia (lamb chops) or the Arnisio Souvlaki (lamb skewers), but I went with my gut and ordered the night's special, which was the roasted pig. Now the pig wasn't bad, but it was a little on the bland side and it wasn't what I had envisioned when the server was describing the dish to me. Now my wife's dish on the other hand was fantastic! She had the Mosharisia Brizola (grilled rib-eye), which was probably one of the best steaks that I have had in the Bay Area. And the Kokkari Potatoes were excellent as well.I love this place! I wanted to go back the minute I left. Well, one of the reasons that I want to go back is to get one of the lamb dishes that I should have had in the first place. I also wanted to try out a lot of the other dishes that Kokkari's has to offer. Hopefully I get to return soon.
Simple.If you go here, one thing you MUST order is:Kokinisto me Manestra - aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithraJuicy, tender, fall of the bone LAMB! Lamb is difficult to cook, and Kokkari has mastered it!
Came here for dinner with a friend on Monday night. The place is deceivingly big because you only see the small dining room when you first walk in. We were led through the kitchen and the back to a larger room with several tables. Kokkari is the type of restaurant that is always busy and bustling with patrons. I wasn't that hungry so we decided to order a couple small plates to share: Karpouzi me Feta (watermelon and feta), Spanakotiropita (spinach pastry), Kolokithokeftethes (zucchini cakes), Sparaggia (grilled asparagus), Aginares Souvlaki (artichoke and eggplant skewer). Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious! My favorite was the spinach pastry, definitely the best I've had of any greek restaurant. The service and ambiance were also spot-on. I can't wait to come back and try more dishes next time!
One of the most amazing meals I have ever enjoyed.
Kokkari is a beautiful restaurant, and it has the service to match. My boyfriend and I came here for our second anniversary, and the atmosphere was top-notch. It manages to be classy without being stuffy or pretentious, and our server was just wonderful! She was polite, friendly and extremely knowledgeable, helping us through the maze of Greek words in the menu to make the best choices.The food wasn't the perfect match for my palate, but it was undeniably high-quality and well-done. The spanakotiropita was a bit heavy on the cheese and light on the spinach, but my boyfriend liked the lamb meatballs and we both enjoyed our rather interesting entree: the daily rotisserie, a "Peking" duck (or, as our server described it, the Greek interpretation). While it wasn't much like real Peking duck, it was still quite tasty.To top it all off, they actually comped the baklava we ordered for dessert and wrote "Happy Anniversary" on the plate in beautiful chocolate script! We were so touched that we basically paid for it anyway in the form of a 37% tip. Now that's service.
Gotta love a Greek place that doesn't even try to dabble in gyros! Italian often crowds out the higher end restaurant scene so it's nice to see their Greek neighbor get some market share. The rarity of non-gyro Greek joints makes this place that much more special since many dishes expose you to a taste experience you may not have not had before in the States.Arnisia Plevrakia: So flavorful for a cut often neglected by butchers! Perfectly grilled lamb riblets on the outside with a partially well-done and partially medium-rare meat portion inside. The fresh oregano is a cool twist since I so rarely get served fresh oregano.Octapodaki tou Yiorgou: A pretty bland mollusk to start with, but the wood fired grill makes all the difference. All those suction cups on the tentacles become crispy which contrasts the chewiness of the main meat portion.Arnisia Paidakia: The portion near the bone was reminiscent of the riblets, but the main lamb chop had a good fatty tenderness to it. The potato wedges tasted like they had some rotisserie fat drippings on top, perhaps more roasted than deep fried. What a nice chop!Kounelaki sta Karvouna: The whole rabbit was probably on that metal skewer. Some pieces were great with well marinated skin and juicy meat while others were mostly bone. The savory orzo with yogurt sauce was great, loved the sour contrast of the yogurt topping!Meyer Lemon Curd Filo: It's great when a Greek Taverna can innovate on classics. Wrap filo around curd from the local Meyer lemon and top with crme frache ice cream! The curd was so awesome by itself and was simply amazing enrobed in crispy filo.Sketo Greek Coffee: Bitter... like so many of my friends. What I'd expect from Greek coffee. Good to remind me of my time in Athens, but not nearly as tasty as an Italian affogato.
Went for a business lunch last week.The wait staff was friendly and personable without being overbearing and over informative.I ordered the sea bass which has been the most perfectly cooked piece of fish that I have ever eaten out. Incredibly crispy skin with a perfectly cooked all of the way through.As we ate lunch they were bringing out the lamb on a spit to start roasting it for the evening service. I cannot wait to go back to try some of that.
Before coming to this restaurant the only Mediterranean food i've had was falafel, hummus and pita and chicken kabob. When you come to Kokkari, don't expect to see these types of food on the menu, and don't try looking for them. Because the food they serve here is legit local Mediterranean food! I immediately fell in love with it. I had the Beans, Crispy Smelt, Anchoves, and Sol and they were all AMAZING! Light food with really refreshing taste with not
Never had Greek food before & may I say this place was AMAZING. loved the whole atmosphere of this restaurant. The night me and bf stumbled upon this place, they WERE PACKED. The wait wasn't as bad as we thought it was maybe, 20 mins?We were seated in the second room of the restaurant & even though it was such a busy night, the flow & ambiance of the place over powered the busy feeling of it all. The lighting was little bit dimmer, which made for such a romantic date for us two. When I looked at the menu, I could NOT pronounce ANY of the dishes :( LOL. I didnt even bother to try. Our waiter was SO delightful & was very patient with us. I took the safe road and asked him what the special was for the night. He was VERY informative. I could not remember for the life of me what the name of the dish was, which sucks. Regardless I will for sure come back here.
I've heard great things about Kokkari, and am happy to report it does not disappoint! For appetizers, we ordered the zucchini cakes and lamb riblets. Both were good, with the lamb riblets being the standouts. They were melt-off-the-bone soft and the strong game-y flavor blended well with the sage. For entrees, we ordered the lamb rotisserie and the lamb chops (I was in a lamb eating mood :P). Both were delicious! The chops are great if you prefer that grilled, slightly charred taste with a rougher texture on your meats. There weren't any vegetables, outside of the super tasty roasted potatoes. Dessert was equally satisfying; we ordered a yogurt sorbet with a fruit granita and a semolina custard in filo with blood orange. The custard was amazing, and the yogurt sorbet was super refreshing! Overall, it was a lovely experience! Parking was easy, the service was great, and the food was so delicious. Kokkari's definitely one of the better restaurants in SF, and totally worth an evening.
A little disappointed after waiting all this time to go.It's inviting stepping off the streets into the warm rustic ambiance. There are two big dining rooms with ample space, and therefore not as crowded in as its sister restaurant, Evvia. The front dining room had 2-seater tables with lush chairs that I was envious of. We were seated in the back dining room, where you could watch the chefs at work in the open kitchen. We started off with the GRILLED OCTOPUS appetizer ($13). A solid 4 stars, well-grilled and coated in a delicious olive oil/lemon sauce. We sopped it all up with the bread... as unfortunately, we didn't get any olive oil with our bread (although all our other neighbors did). For our entrees, my husband went with the classically recommended LAMB CHOPS with Kokkari potatoes ($38). Perfectly cooked to order - 5 stars. Definitely top 5 lamb chops I've had. I stole many bites off his place, as I was fairly disappointed in my selection. I (unfortunately) went with the LOBSTER STEW special ($32), which I was debating against a lamb dish. (Seeing as how my new year's resolution was to eat less meat, I figured I had to start it off by not getting lamb.) The lobster stew was a tail of lobster (still in shell) on top of orzo cooked in a tomato sauce. It was too watery, too sweet, and not of the caliber I'd expect for a dining establishment of Kokkari's caliber. As redemption, I ordered the much-hyped Dessert $9 - the Galaktoboureko, flaky crispy phyllo dough wrapped around tasty creme fraiche served with ice cream.Service was 2.5 stars - slow.... Our waitress was friendly enough to start, but disappeared for long 20-30 minute spurts throughout the meal. We waited 15 minutes for her to come by and pick up our credit card to run - and finally gave it to another waiter as she'd disappeared again. $115 pre-tip, I'd expect better caliber service. I think we'll save the drive into SF and go to Evvia instead - where they have more consistent entrees and service.
Love the ambiance. My friend had the rotisserie of the day which is lamb: yummy. I opted for the whole baked sea brim. It was a fabulous dining experience. I also bought their cook book and tried out a few recipes and SUCCESS. LOVE IT.
Just had a fantastic meal here with a good friend. We dropped in on a whim since we were in the area, and sat at the bar since we didn't have reservations. They do offer the full menu at the bar, so this is a good short cut to the great food without fighting for reservations. The decor is chic and dimly-lit, with a very friendly feel, despite the upscale atmosphere. The wine list was a nice one-pager that provided good variety without being overly complicated. Here's what we ordered (all appetizers to sample wider offerings):Octapodaki tou Yiorgou - grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil.This was my favorite dish of the evening. The dish had a light and zesty taste, with a very nice grill charring to give the octopus a flavor not usually found in seafood. Best to enjoy warm/immediately when it arrives.Fig Salad (not on the menu)This was my second favorite dish of the evening - Sliced figs with arugula and sprinkled cheese on top - this combination offered a light sweetness and smooth taste and texture that worked very well as a salad to start with. Highly recommended.Soutzoukakia - grilled lamb meatballs with spiced tomato sauce & Greek yogurt.I'm not generally a fan of lamb due to the sometime gamey taste. These meatballs did not have the gamey taste and were tender and delicious. The yogurt provided a nice creaminess without feeling heavy. They also went very well with the Duckhorn cab I had. Kalamari - grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel, orange with black olives.Similar in texture to the grilled octopus, but not nearly as awesome as the grilled octopus. The stuffing does complement the calamari, however, and provide it with a more substance. Karpouzi me Feta - watermelon & feta with pine nuts & Greek basil.This appetizer is refreshing and interesting, but given all the choices, I would opt to try something else. Overall, we really enjoyed Kokkari. I'd definitely recommend my friends and family to check it out. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying the main courses next time!
How do you say delicious in Greek? This is probably the best Greek restaurant I've been to (so far anywhere). When we got there it was packed to be kind. The restaurant allows you to get drinks at the bar while you're waiting which I appreciated because it was cold outside but I felt bad for the diners who were close by. It's extremely loud in the restaurant, even worse if you're seated near the bar. But the atmosphere adds to the experience. The open fire oven and the open kitchen in the main dining room is beautiful and really left me in anticipation of my own food. The wine list is overwhelming - the smaller one is for the ballers while the bigger one has more offerings that will appeal to the poor folk to saved up to come here :-P. We ordered a bunch of appetizers but my favourites were the lamb meatballs and zucchini cakes with tzatziki. I don't think I really needed a main course honestly. But I did *tummy groan* make room for it. I love lamb and the braised lamb shank did not disappoint! I found the orzo served with it to be a little too salty (maybe from the Greek cheese) and adding a vegetable would have been a welcomed exchange for half the orzo. But eat up the lamb I did. My bf had the lamb kebabs which were also very tasty. The pickled cucumbers and potatoes served with the kebabs were outstanding. They might be some of the best potatoes I've ever eaten.We split a sundae (a surprise for my Birthday) and although my stomach had already doubled in size, I couldn't not have a bite. The peanuts, chocolate and whip cream were to die for. The chocolate was rich but without being overly sweet (did they buy it from producers in America???) and I wish I could have taken it with me to eat the rest later. The service is friendly, attentive and knowledgeable.If you're looking for Greek food, this one is a must for SF!
I came here on a Monday to eat dinner and I have to say it is absolutely delicious. You will not be disappointed if you eat here. Usually, on a weekend I am sure you need a reservation so if you are planning to eat here you should make a reservation just to make sure you are seated. On a Monday they were very busy.  The staff was very friendly, and they are very very nice in explaining to you what they have on the menu and the specials. They also a huge wine selection available so if you are a wine drinker you will like this place also.I think for the quality of the food and environment and the way the staff is, for the price point that your paying it is quite reasonable. Expect to pay about $80 for a dinner for 2. But it is really good and you should at least try this place at least once. I came here because I read all the good reviews when I was close by and decided to give it a try and I thought it was outstanding! Great place to bring a date. There is an older crowd that comes in here and I was pretty much in my jeans and sweater, so I am sure I was under dressed. But I don't care. So if you care you should dress nice.  So if you don't live near the city and you live close to Bart, you can take Bart get off on Embarcadero and walk a few blocks if you want to avoid parking etc.
Friend of mine wanted to try this place last week, because he heard so much about the goat stew. Since it's a special and not regularly on the menu, there was no way of knowing if they're have it when we made the reservation. But we we still wanted to try out the menu, and I've been trying to explore different types of food.First off, this is a very nice place. Even in my collared shirt, I felt a little under dressed until I saw the guy in the not-so white t-shirt making it a little less white. The staff is very friendly and helpful, and our server (i forget her name) could possibly be the best I've ever had.For appetizers we had the grilled calamari which was very good, the lamb riblets which were charred and dry, and the zucchini cakes which looked kinda dense, but were actually VERY light and had a nice flavor.Then I had the greek salad which I loved, and the couple at the table next to us couldn't stop staring at.They actually had the goat stew, so that's what he had while I went for the Kotopoulo Souvlas which is a lemon and oregano roasted chicken with root vegetables. I'd saw the goat stew was the most flavorful thing of the night. I have nothing against goat, and nothing against stew, but I was still surprised how good that was. The chicken was cooked perfectly, though the vegetables were roasted a little longer than I would have preferred.As for dessert, I was going to try the baklava which comes with ice cream, but I decide to kill two birds with one stone, and try the baklava ice cream insteam. VERY good stuff. I was expecting the baklava to be soggy, but it actually kept its consistency. They drizzled honey over the top, which made it a little sweeter than I would have preferred, but it was still good stuff!The place is a little pricey, but definitely a place I would return to to try out some other things on the menu. If I could, I'd give it 4.5 stars, but since I can't...4 stars...
Very cool location, great vibe and decor. Felt totally comfortable in casual dress but could make a fancier evening if you wanted. Tables are a bit close together - this didn't bother me - but it's not very quiet/private if that's what you're looking for. I went with a business colleague and it was appropriate for that but looked like there were also some romantics and some groups there too.We had reservations at 9 but showed up around 7:30 to see if we could get in - - they got us a table right away even though Open Table said they were booked so that was an excellent surprise.Our waiter gave us good service - friendly and attentive. The only reason I wouldn't give this five stars is because I asked him to recommend something "light" and he said the Moussaka was a good choice. Now this dish was DELICIOUS - but was definitely NOT light. It is a big bowl of baked meat and cheese. Very heavy, fattening, put me in a food coma, which was the opposite of what I was looking for! Decent wine list. Dessert menu looked good too even though we didn't try it. Maybe a tad on the expensive side for what we ate. But overall I would definitely go again and recommend this to others!!
Yummy Fish(es)!Good service!Lovely environment!Been here twice and would go back.
This place is always a treat to go. The food is delicious and fresh. The menu is well thought out and the ambiance is quaint and not too stuffy. I recently ventured here for dinner and feasted on lamb that was cooked to perfection. I'm really picky when it comes it lamb, the fat was minimal and the flavour was at peak perfection. They have a wonderful selection of food and would recommend this place over and over again. I'd give it a 4.5 star if I could. Also very clean and staff is very nice and helpful.
Finally. Finally, finally, finally.Kokkari Estiatorio has been on my mind for a while now and I finally dragged my mom and I over there on January 3rd. I've always loved Mediterranean food, but usually opt for cheaper choices like La Mediterranee, Sunrise Deli or Oasis Grill for my falafel, lamb, or hummus fixes.We made a reservation the day before and headed over there around 11:45am the next morning for lunch. It was nice that it was a weekday and quiet so that we were able to get quick service and have room and time to chat.The ambiance is wonderful- cushiony chairs, a warm fireplace with huge loaves of freshly baked bread, gigantic flower arrangements, dark wood and a glittering full bar.We were promptly seated near the fireplace and brought bread and water. Our service was attentive which I enjoyed, but my mom said it made her feel uncomfortable that they were there right away anytime you needed them! Haha. We had our choice of flat or sparkling water and we also ordered tea. Keep in mind, tea here was 5.00 a pot. We should have just ordered one kind and split it. I got chrysanthemum and mom got sencha.Food-wise we decided to get a bunch of different things and share. Lamb riblets were amazing- tiny, tender, and not gamey at all with a little bit of a crisp. Zuchinni cakes were nicely dense, crunchy, and served with a cooling yogurt sauce and cucumbers. The Greek salad was good, but we could have passed on it as it was something I could have made at home- generous chunks of tomato, cucumber, and feta, dressed with slivered red onions, olive oil, and balsamic vinegar. For our entree we shared their moussaka which was amazing!!! Perhaps a bit too heavy and rich for such a warm sunny day and for lunchtime, but nevertheless the portion was enough to share and bring home. A casserole of ground lamb, potatoes, tomato, and eggplant with a wonderful tangy bechemel sauce baked on top. Oh, halfway through we also ordered pita which was grilled, warm, and thick! We were too full for dessert, so I hope the next time I go, I'll be able to taste those!!I was worried that lunch would be expensive, but it ended up being quite reasonable at 60.00 for the two of us for lunch. It could even be a great tapas place since they have so many yummy small plates to share.Overall, wonderful service, authentic food, and a nicer atmosphere than the usual SF mediterranean joints. Oh, they also have space for party rentals!! Can't wait to return and try more!
I've had a lot of Greek food out and about, but this is by far one of the best that I've had. The atmosphere is nice, the service is good, the food is excellent. I'm vegetarian and I fit right in here. I had some amazing Grape leaves and a house made pasta unlike anything I've had in ages. It was delicious. I've already told several of my friends about this place. I will back!
We were here for lunch and found everything about it (with the exception of the prices...not cheap but for once you get what you pay for) to be wonderful. We ate a sampling of appetizers, I had a delicious salad with beets and my co-worker had a lamb dish. Everything was so flavorful and fresh. It is obvious they mix up the menu as new seasonal ingredients become available. My two standout favorites were the Lamb Riblets and this eggplant dip we got when I asked about babaganush. The riblets were so good I started exploring how I would go about making them. They were braised then seared and were simply delicious with classic greek oregano and lemon seasoning. The eggplant dip was chunkier than a babaganush and had a lot of dill. I love dill and I love eggplant and I had never had them together like this. A unique treat for sure.The other thing we really enjoyed was our waiter. He was obviously a professional. He at one point daintily used a butter knife to swipe the crumbs off our tablecloth. Slick. He was also just sort of witty and snarky. He was so good and so fun I think he actually made the food taste better. I now have a new tourist activity I am onto...I have discovered I love eating really good food in strange towns served by someone who is decidedly local. My iconic LA waiter was just as delightful but nothing like the iconic San Francisco waiter who made our day. I would eat at Kokkari again and am really glad we tried it.
Every course that we had was excellent. The dishes were fresh and expertly cooked. I will definitely be returning some time soon.
I came here for a work dinner around 6, and was surprised how busy it was (and they're a big place!) The food was amazing, the service was spectacular and the ambiance was definitely comfortable.I suggest getting the specials of the day. We ordered specials for appetizers, mains and dessert and was blown away.
Its one of the best restaurants in SF. The ambiance is amazing. The service was just great. For appetizer we had Dolmathes and Arnisia Plevrakia. For food we had Kokinisto me Manestra and Arnisia Paidakia . They were perfect. We had Kokkari Sundae for the dessert and it was as great as everything. I love this restaurant.
amazing. food, service, wine, love it.
Went to this place with my husband and fell in love with the place. It was busy which is a good sign of great food, and they did not disappoint! The food was beyond excellent and I will definitely insist that we return. I absolutely loved the food, and the atmosphere although a little loud was still very good. It is located close enough to all the 'tourist spots' near the Pier, in case you must drag yourself into that trap. I say go and be hungry the serving sizes are more than generous and you will leave happy and full!
MMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Wish I could eat here every week!
I heard about this place and really wanted to go, but they were booked for weeks. Now I understand why. The food, service, and ambiance is amazing!!!! The food is to die for and the place is not to loud. It's quite dressy and I like that about it. This is now my favorite restaurant!!!!!!!!!! Everything we ordered was incredible and made my taste buds explode. I am so excited to go back and have another perfect experience.
Absolutely delicious...we had such a hard time just deciding what to order because everything sounded so good, and it was.We liked the grilled octopus, zucchini fritters and grilled artichokes. We also enjoyed the grilled lamb skewers and for dessert the baklava. Our server was very helpful although she seemed pretty busy as the restaurant was very busy. And even though it was busy we did not feel rushed in the least bit and had a very enjoyable meal.One of the best meals we've had....
Kokkari is a great restaurant all around! The food and service is amazing!! I fell in love with Mediterranean/Greek food after eating here. My favorite dish is the chicken souvlaki. However, watch your purse ladies because mine was stolen here on 9/22/10. I never left the table and this sneaky woman snatched it away when I was not looking. I wouldn't have expected this to happen at Kokkari! The person who stole it was wandering around and was not a customer. I would just ask that the restaurant be more watchful so that this never happens again!
Delicious food, wonderful environment, and astounding service.
It's good but not special in any way. Just a quality food without much imagination. There are many places with more interesting food for same or less money. But the quality is there - if it was a no-name regular place, I'd give it 4.5, but for place reputed to be one of the best in the city, it's a 3.
Not all the food is worthy of a 4 star but most are.However, I really liked the food. If you're not a fan of lamb, you need to look away. It's as Bubba, from Forest Gump would say, "How many ways can you cook lamb?" At Kokkari, you can skewer it, roast it, and grill it. There's lamb shanks and lamb chops to choose from. We started off with the lemon/chicken/rice soup. It was my least favorite dish. The Williams-Sonoma recipe I use at home tastes better. The zucchini cakes were very good. 2 cakes with a lge scoop of dill yogurt for dipping. We also tried the lamb riblets - 5 sm ribs which were tasty and tender. They give you slices of bread (not so great) and a saucer of salty olives at the table.My sea bass (grilled, but you can have it cooked by rotisserie), $33, was fabulous. A whole fish, grilled to perfection, came with a 1/2 lemon encased in cheesecloth for you to squeeze over the fish. Hubby had the lamb which was also good, came with potatoes. Our glasses of wine, were $9-$10 each. My Riesling paired well w/the seafood. I was not planning on dessert but like a glutton, went ahead and ordered the baklava (2 pieces) which came with a sm scoop of ice cream. They were willing to sub coconut (it was OK) instead of the vanilla praline ice cream. I couldn't finish and took my dessert home. Truthfully, some of the baklavas I've bought prepackaged in delis have tasted better. These were overloaded w/chopped nuts and the clove spike in the middle added an odd flavor to the baklava.Hubby's custard encased in a tubular filo was scrumptious, came w/the vanilla praline ice cream. I'd recommend this dessert. Total damage including tip comes to approx. $80/person. The wait staff was pretty good. I did encounter a problem w/our reservation a couple of wks ago. I booked via Open Table over 1 mo ago and then later, received an email from Kokkari that they canceled our reservation. I called them and told the reservationist there must be a mistake as I didn't cancel. She told me she was going to put it back in (not by Open Table). Next, I get a notification by email for a reservation a week earlier than the original book date. So, I went back on Open Table and re booked it and had to call her again to cancel the 2nd mistake. Other than that, service was pretty good. It wasn't too noisy except for the large table next to us where this gent was speaking loudly about law to his companions. They do offer valet parking.
Not sure what all the hype is about this place. Don't get me wrong. The food is good and I do love good food but I don't think it deserves the buckets of five stars people give it. I have been here several times and you pay a steep price for your meal. It is really pricey. The other thing I don't really like about this place is the types of people that go here. My 5 friends and I, all ladies, went here on Saturday night before we hit the town and let's just say that the people are super old and conservative. We were wearing going out attire (not slutty) and I can't tell you the number of dirty looks we received from some of the old woman with their husbands. It was really uncomfortable. That mixed with the $400 bill we received caused us to pledge never to come back.
Is this the most delicious food in the world?  Could be. Awesome staff, delicious food/drinks.
Food 3.5, Service 4, Atmosphere 5. Food was hit and miss, great and so-so. Loved the zucchini cakes and the Saghanaki (pan fried Kefalotiri cheese). Disappointed with the butternut squash ravioli. Pasta was under-cooked, runny, flavorless. But topped with delicious cheese and a variety of mushrooms. Fresh fish was good, served with yummy roasted vegetables. Good wine selection. Best part was the atmosphere and decor. Open kitchen in the back dining room, and an open grill roasting chickens and hams in the front room. Comfortable and lively bar, seats about 12.  Two large dining rooms and two private rooms.  Minor annoyance is it is quite a trek to the bathroom. But the basement is gorgeous. The private room down there reminds of some of the wine caves you can dine in in Napa. Place was packed at 7:00 on a weeknight, will definitely want reservations. Easy walk from Embarcadero Center shopping.
Definitely make a reservation. Service was great. I tried the grilled octopus appetizer, it was delicious and very tender. I had the Moussaka plate, it was served in a bowl by itself which I didn't expect, it also had way more meat than others I've had even in Greece, not enough veggies or sauce. The lamb chops were really good but I thought they were expensive compared to others I had in the area (Helmand Palace). I tried a frappe which is extremely sweet for my taste, I also tried their greek coffee medium sweet, the coffee tasted very weird to me, I wouldn't order it again.
No surprise here, this place getting 5 stars, but it was my first time...Our server was Max, and he was very charming and attentive.This place really fills up, when arrived for our 6:30 reservation and it wasn't that crowed, but when we left, the restaurant AND the bar was very crowded. This place is a bit on the noisy side but since the food and the service is so good, you really can't notice.We ordered:Soutzoukakia:Grilled meatballs with tomato and green olive compoteSpankatirpoita: Tradition filo pies of spinach, feta, leeps and dillArnisia Paidakia: Grilled lamb chops with lemon oregano vinaigrette and potatoesGhurunaki Stin Souvla: the special rotisserie which was the pork with potatoes and a lemon oregano sauceBaklava: the walnut & honey baklava with vanilla-praline ice cream.Everything rocked and was so delicious and we ate it all. This isn't a cheap place, so this will be more of a special occasion place for me but if you are on the fence about going here, get your ass in there!
What a pleasant dining experience! Outstanding service, beautiful restaurant, delicious food AND reasonably priced; a true winner in my book. Must get: zucchini cakes and the lamb chops! Soo good :) I love that the restaurant is elegant but it is very lively inside so you don't feel the need to whisper and can just have a good time. $150 for two including drinks, appetizers, entrees and dessert. I'm a fan!
Quite delicious. We shared everything family style. Lamb was great, fish was even better. However, the Octopus stood out the most. I've had a lot of octopus but none nearly as tender as the one served at Kokkari. Desserts were great too. If you don't know what to order, just follow their recommendations and you wont go wrong..Service was excellent. The restroom however, requires an elevator. Still, an overall delicious and memorable experience.
4.5 stars to be exact.This has to be the best or one of the best Greek restaurants in the city. Here are the items we had last night.Starters:Zucchini Cakes: were surprisingly good.Grilled Octopus: were tasty, texture was tender.Kokkari Salad: nothing memorable worth noting.Entrees:Lamb Chop: hubby got this and thought it was yummy.Oven Roasted Mediterranean Sea Bass: they deboned the whole fish and it was cooked perfectly; the fish was just cooked but was tender and juicy. It had to be the best cooked oven roasted fish I ever had.Deserts: Galaktoboureko: reminded me of a Greek verison of creme brulee or a really good Chinese egg custard presented in the filo roll.Baklava: was overly sweet and I have a sweet tooth.The deserts were a slight let down hence the overall rating of 4.5 and not 5.
I have been trying (unsuccessfully) to get reservations here for a while. Much to my excitement, I was able to get a reservation for a couple of weekends ago. My excitement continued as I walked into the door, on what was a bit of a rainy SF evening, into a cozy environment. It was warm, friendly, and welcoming. Food:The appetizers we had were all phenomenal. - The dips (all amazing on this fluffy warm pita)- Zucchini cakes (crispy and flavorful with delicious sauce)Now, the entrees is where the 3 stars comes in. I had had a big brunch that day, so I opted for just the greek salad. I figured "hey, i'm at a Greek restaurant... I can't wait to have the best Greek salad of my life!" And well? It wasn't. Not even close. It was very much so just okay at best. My boyfriend had the fish of the day and said he had had better elsewhere. Desserts:- Galaktoboureko (amazing.)- Baklava (very good, but again, you may expect more from a Greek restaurant)- Greek coffee (also delicious... thick with the grounds at the bottom... mmmm)I probably won't be back. For $70-90/person, I wanted more :-/
We are out of towners and was disappointed to have made reservations (via Open Table) only to find the place closed. Very Irresponsible of owners!
Upon walking into Kokkari, I felt very underaged and under-dressed. The restaurant has a very cozy feel. It's dim and there's a lot of dark wood furnishing. Our bread was fresh and tasty but I will refrain from making a big deal out of it because I was hungry and probably not in the right frame of mind to evaluate its worthiness. We also got some olives. Had to ask for olive oil though.I had the hardest time hearing our server(s) speak! They spoke too softly and mumbled everything. Luckily when we asked for suggestions and the specials, the server was very enthusiastic and helpful.We started out with the zucchini cakes with mint cucumber yogurt sauce (via yelp consult) and lamb riblets (server recommendation). I had no idea what to expect for the zucchini cakes, which looked more like a baby cassoulet. There were beans and stuff in there too. It was definitely interesting; I'd never had anything like it. Its taste wasn't spectacular though. We much preferred the lamb riblets. So tender, so juicy, so tasty! We wanted to get a fish dish as well as a meat dish. Opted for the specials menu. We picked the local petrale sole with a lemony vinaigrette served with mustard greens and the pork shoulder with apples, served with rice and a yogurt sauce. The portions were huge. The petrale sole was delectable! Very light, very fresh, very tasty. Loved it. The pork shoulder was a huge contrast. Each piece of meat was very fatty. No matter how hard I tried to find lean meat to eat, every bite consisted of 80% fat. It did taste good though. The apples complement the pork very well. We loved the rice with the yogurt sauce! Though we were rather satiated, we couldn't pass up dessert. The special sounded fabulous but too heavy (phyllo, meyer lemon filling, pistachio ice cream, and some other good stuff). We opted for the Arborio rice pudding with a caramelized pear. It was quite good. The pear went well with the pudding, but definitely do not eat the pear by itself for it is SOAKED in flavor and its strength is overwhelming. The dessert selection is aplenty so be wise and save room! Or eat really slowly.Other notes: our food came out ridiculously fast. Especially the appetizers and dessert. Amazing. To get to the restroom is a journey in and of itself. An elevator is involved. The one time use hand towels are amazing but wasteful. Prices are reasonable for the quality, presentation, uniqueness, atmosphere and overall experience. Also very BART accessible.
Another restaurant who folds my napkin, when I step away to use the restroom. EXTRA star for this one! The service is SUPERB! Everyone was so nice, polite, friendly and attentive. Because we weren't seated on time, they actually gave us free appetizers to start. We also ordered the crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber that was topped with mint-yogurt dressing. I def recommend trying the zucchini cakes. It was like a big crab cake, but made with zucchini. I'm not a big fan of lamb, I wish I was, because they are known for their lamb dishes. So I put myself on the safe side and ordered the charcoal grilled, dry aged rib eye with braised greens and potatoes.  Portions are huge here and is recommended to do family style. I was only able to finish 1/3 of it, but I did bring it to go and was able to have the $42 steak for lunch the next day. People were dressed nicely and a bit on the older side. If you are expecting a hip, loud, young diners crowd; this place may not be for you. The restroom is located downstairs and I had to take an elevator down. This was fun, exploring how big the restaurant was. Our table was seated right infront of the cooking area and I was able to see all the dishes come out and how the staff work. This was actually the most exciting part of my dinner experience. I wish my party had time to stay for dessert, but we had reservations for boubon and branch. We def didn't want to miss out on this secret password bar. I WILL BE BACK!
I wanna keep this as short and sweet as I can. The crowd was "stuffy." An older crowd.. very.. "stuffy." I don't know how else to describe it. Bridal party of 9 women... all in our late 20's, early 30's... its safe to say that we didn't look like we fit in. Our server was very busy... but when we had his attention he was great. There was some times when we needed to order some more Vodka rounds.. but he eventually came by and ordered the drinks for us. BTW DO NOT ORDER A MOJITO from here.. I sent it back to the bar because it was not drinkable. (tasted like syrup)Okay important part : food. I was pretty drunk by the time the main dishes came out. But the appetizers... I loved the zucchini cakes.. the potato wedges tasted like they bought them from the Safeway Deli. I remember the fish, halibut was quite tasty. We also ordered the whole fish... I think I liked the halibut more. There was also a pasta dish that tasted quite yummy because of the bits of corn cooked with it... again I was super drunk so I do not recall exactly what it was. I liked this restaurant, but I don't know if I can say I'll be back. Special occasions, possibly?
This is going to be a quick/short review since there are so many reviews for Kokkari. The whole experience was nothing short of 1. amazing and 2. delicious.I dream of the food at Kokkari.
We arrived at Kokkari a little after 6:00PM on a Tuesday evening and was surprised to find the place packed. From the outside, you would not have known how spacious the restaurant was. We were told that Kokkari is busy all the time.We had an excellent waiter that explained the menu in detail. We started with the Watermelon & Feta Salad and it was excellent. The taste of the feta and olive oil mixed with the sweet watermelon worked together on the palate beautifully.We ended up ordering all the specials the waiter described. The Whole Branzino was cooked perfectly and they debone the fish for you. The fish meat was sweet and tender and I will definitely return for this dish.The Goat Stew was a little heavy as I was not in the mood for stew but as I have never had goat before I thought I would try a bite. They really make the goat dish quite well. If you have never had goat before, this would be the place to try it.The Lamb Rotisserie was delicious! All the fat from slow cooking the lamb was used to make their potatoes that came with the dish and everything was just delicious.Several friends have recommended Kokkari and I have no idea why we have never been to such an excellent restaurant before. Definitely returning.
Insane!!! This place is a must!!!
It wasn't as great as last time and the service by everyone was good but for some reason the waiters are just pretentious or aspiring actors or whatever I just cannot figure them out. The hosts and bussers are all very wonderful but the service needs adjusting.To my husband's serious dismay, They charged him for all five diet cokes he drank. Come on. I know this is a nice place but 3 dollars a soft drink? My man drank 15 dollars worth of diet coke. If he saw that on the bill, he'd NEVER take me back here, so I had to be all sneaky with the check and that's just silly.We had the lamb chops but the didn't taste as good as they did last time. There was significant amounts of fat on them that made them difficult to eat.Our appetizers were good though, the flaming cheese wasn't served at the table and there was no bread to eat it with. The Mediterranean salad was good but that's kind of hard to screw up. The only thing saving Kokkari from a three star review this time was the Baklava ice cream. Oh my goodness. I hope I never get pregnant again because I will LIVE at Kokkari's. The host singing to my baby merits 4 stars. It was a nice experience overall.But I just hate paying over 100 dollars for a meal that isn't spectacular with only marginal table service. Better luck next time.
Went there for lunch and I definitely want to try dinner sometime soon.My type of ambiance, love the view of roasting lamb in the fireplace, while the whole place is still nice and decent... Grilled Octopus is fabulous. The sand Stone-ground coffee heated over hot sand tastes very special, and I love it a lot! I have so much expectation on this place for dinner and hope to give another 5star review for their dinner soon.
My favorite restaurant in San Francisco, hands down. Don't miss the zucchini cakes, flatbreads, eggplant skewers, and anything and everything lamb. Best lamb chops I have ever had.
First Greek food experience (I'm so deprived!) Came here for a lunch during my internship nearby and didn't know what expectations to have. My coworker ordered the Kalamata Pita to share as a starter. Reminded me a little bit of Cheeseboard from Berkeley, but definitely way less oily. To be conservative, I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki as my entree (since I probably would end up embarrassing myself by ordering a quail). It was SUPER good. The chicken was super good and the overall plate combination was refreshing. The portion was the perfect size for lunch: enough to fill you up without being too much to give you a food coma.The waiters knew my boss since he was such a frequent guest (apparently he shows up at Kokkari more than the workers do). Point proven of how yummy this place is.
Friends took us to Kokkari while were in the city...exactly what I wanted a greek restaurant to be; loud, busy, lots of laughing eating and drinking...loved the atmosphere! Service: I was disappointed when our server was being "trained" with us, but he was funny jovial had a great accent and his trainer made up for his lack of knowledge so it worked out great.The Food: Greeks are known for their mezza, their appetizers, and Kokkari does appetizers very well...we had the octopus the grilled veggies (yum!) the hummus baba ghanoosh and Greek yogurt, the avgolemeno soup....it was perfection!  The reason for the 3 stars is my main dish was very disappointing...after such great apps, I was looking forward to the grand finale and was grandly disappointed. I had the halibut, my steak was very thin didn't have any flavor - and I ended up eating my carrots instead. Everyone else had great dishes...the rib eye is wonderful (and at 22 oz is huge!) the lamb was great and their sea-bass was wonderful as well. With drinks for 4 and all that food + tip came to $400 which I thought was very reasonable.
I have only eaten here once, but it has easily jumped into my top 5 favorite restaurants in the city just after the one visit. The ambiance is absolutely perfect on a chilly SF night, from the big comfy chairs to the chicken roasting over the fireplace. Our waiter was one of the best I've ever had, he was friendly, funny and super helpful when navigating the tricky menu. We opted to share a few small plates and got everything he suggested-- and it was all amazing (especially the HUGE beans)!And the baklava... oh man. Fantastic all around!
You can always count on Kokkari for solid food and excellent service. My dad was in town and he's never had Greek food so I decided that Kokkari would be a great restaurant for him to get his feet wet. We ordered for appetizers: *Spanakotiropita *Trio of Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata with housemade grilled pita My dad loved these appetizers! He even tried the grape leaf that came with the dips and pita. For our entrees we had: *Souvla - (which was a rotisserie lamb with potatoes and argula) *Kokinisto me Manestra - lamb shank with orozo *Braised (I think) Goat with feta cheese and spices (this was not on the menu but announced by our server as a special for that evening) All the entrees were EXTREMELY DELICIOUS and we ate everything. I think the goat dish was very well and I loved the Souvla. For dessert we had: *Galaktoboureka - semolina custard in file with meyer lemon and ice cream *dulce de leche ice cream with pine nuts and (i think) a caramel sauce The desserts were excellent and the galaktoboureka is definitely to die for!!!
The reviews have nailed it. What a great place. The lamb is delicious. Had the starter tidbits as well as the brussel sprouts. Very good and good to share the two with a partner. Main course was the whole fish expertly prepared. Next time I must try the lunch Gyro which is cooked in the main dining area over a live wood fire pit. This place is a must try.
This rating is might skewed because: (1) I went here new years eve, (2) multiple bottles of champagne was consumed by the group, (3) my girlfriend stole most of my food, (4) multiple bottles of champagne was consumed.Our group got one of the rooms downstairs, from what I remember, meatballs were really good, great combination of cheese sauce meatball, can't remember texture. Vegatable dish was good? roasted vegatables? eggplants?Got the roasted duck or maybe it was rotessire cooked duck, or maybe it was sous vide and then roasted. I had two pieces maybe before my gf, who was "trying to healthy" by ordering a lentil soup, stole most of my dinner. Drank more champagne. 20 dollar corking fee which is a great price.
Oh yeah...I'm definitely a fan. The lamb shank was unbelievably good. It came on Orzo with a wonderful cinnamon sweet flavor in a nice textured sauce. My greek gf was impressed and enjoyed. She said it was yaya whatever that means. :)The drinks were great as was the atmosphere. I love this restaurant, and appreciated that it was alive with activity but we could still have a conversation. The downstairs room is perfect for special occasions and groups. I also appreciated that they were flexible with our reservation, even though we were late.
Went to this amazing restaurant for the first time not too long ago, and well the reviews were definitely not lying!!!. We didn't have a reservation but we only had to wait like 10 minutes. At first we thought this place was small.... but there is like 3 sections and its a huge restaurant that was really busy!We ordered a lot of food, hands down the winner was their lamb dish which was cooked to perfection!, and their mango salad was amazing as well.Would definitely come back, and this place is for sure worth the price!
Why did I not know about this place earlier. I've always walked down Jackson street wondering what this festive joint to my left was. And now, my mystery has been solved and as an added bonus, a new fine dining spot is revealed. Not only is the food delicious, but the service is impeccable. The waiters/waitresses and hosts are all very accommodating. Our waiter even took my nephew away and showed him the kitchen. Cmon....that's not only gonna get him a fatty tip, but that's a good friendly place in my book. Definitely going to have to come back, since their menu is just so large its hard to cover all the dishes.But we did manage to dig into a good selection of choices:-Crispy Zucchini cakes - If my main course had been cancelled, another order of these woulda done me for the night.-Grilled Octopus - taste so simple and fresh yet offers that texture -Hummus and pita bread - i think you have to since you're at a mediterranean place and they just make it so well-Lamb Chops - this place is the master of lamb.....if you ever want some good lamb shank, lamb chop, lamb riblet....Kokkari, folks.Definitely coming back. The prices are fair and the food is there.
As good as everyone says. Definitely one of the best restaurants in SF. I am not a big fan of Greek food but the reviews were so stellar that I booked a lunch for a special occasion. It exceeded my expectations. The restaurant is very large but each of the 3 rooms is very comfortable and the high ceiling makes it quiet.
Great food,great people, affordable. Make sure you make reservation.
This is my favorite restaurant. I normally don't like lamb and I usually find chicken to be bland. However, this is the only place where I find their lamb mouth watering delicious and their chicken super flavorful and juicy. They cook the lamb over a open fire for hours and the result is pure amazingness. This is a truly special place and makes for a truly culinary experience to remember.
Went here with a group of 8 on 6/14, and loved it! The zucchini cakes with cucumber mint yogurt were incredible - all of the food was great!
Great food, excellent service, awesome ambiance, nice variety in the menu.
It is no wonder this is one of the highest rated eateries in one of the world's best food citiesI I would give the lamb 7 stars if I could. I am ruined for life with lamb. The theatre in this place is pretty cool. The lamb (availiable 3-4 nights a week) is roasting on a huge spiket in the middle of the dining room. It comes tender as can be, and very, very flavorful. A must if in SF.
I want to start by saying WOW!!!! This place is amazing! My colleagues and I had dinner Wednesday night it was all the reviews had to say and more.I had originally made reservations for 4, but needed a table for 7 by the time we showed up. Not only did they accommodate us and change our reservation (at prime time by the way) but they did it in about 10 min. We had time for a quick drink at the bar and we where seated. Our waiter was excellent, the food was amazing, and the bill was extremely reasonable. Oh and I forgot to mention the place is beautiful, great atmosphere, comfortable, and elegant. Because there was a group of us I got to try at least 7 different dishes from appetizers to desert they where all deliciousStarters: Grilled Meatballs, Dolmathes, Kalamata Pita, Spanakotiropita         ALL EXCELLENTEntrees:  Psari Psito, Arnisio Souvlaki, Moussaka, Arnisia Paidakia         ALL EXCELLENTDessert: Baklava, Sokolatina, Rizogalo, Kokkari Sundae         AMAZING AMAZING AMAZINGWe will definitely be back!!
Fine Dine Atmosphere, Classy People, Friendly Staff, Quality Food.Zuchinni Cakes with Yogurt Dressing and Gigante Fava Beans.
This place is great for a work dinner, date or just friends who want a really good meal. Outside of eating in greece, this is definitely one of my favorite higher-end greek spots. I've come here a few times and had a really good experience -Good size wine list, both by the glass and bottle-Service is very attentive, they cater well to large parties too-They do fish very well - the halibut and whole fish are 1) huge portions and 2) delicious. They cook it just right-last time i went, my friends had gotten the lamb and quail. They didn't talk period while eating their main which i take as a sign of them really liking the food-have only tried a few appetizers but was pretty pleased with all of them - watercress salad, roasted prawns, octopus, watermelon and feta and the grilled artichoke and eggplant skewer
Kokkari is a good place, just not a great place in my opinion. I'll break it down...1. Food - Yes, they know how to cook lamb really well, but I have had lamb prepared just as good for half the price at other restaurants. The lamb chops were great, however the lamb shank was a bit too salty for my tastes. The fried cheese appetizer was good, as well as the zucchini cakes; nothing special, but good.2. The ambience is nice, and the place is cavernous. It seems like a small restaurant, but there are so many tables. And yes, the elevator ride down to the restrooms provide an interesting detour.3. The service was...not what I expected for the price. I felt rushed throughout the entire meal, even at one point I was finishing the last few bites and I saw three servers hovering around my table ready to swoop in. I asked my waitress if there was a hurry, and she oddly remarked "the table is yours for the night." Damn right it is, but why the hell are you guys trying to rush me out the door? And as I stated before, this place has many many tables. So why?To wrap things up, had the service been a higher caliber, I would give this place 4 stars. But ya know, when I go out to a nice fancy restaurant, I expect to have a great overall experience. Kokkari didn't deliver.
This is the best Greek restaurant we've ever tried. Their lamb dishes were very flavorful...quite frankly best lamb I've ever ate anywhere! Their pan seared Greek cheese was fantastic.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
Food was very good! There are a lot of vegetarian options that are delicious. That being said, the lamb and steak were delicious.
This is my new favorite restaurant. Not just in the City, but anywhere, methinks!With it being difficult to get reservations without a lot of advance notice, we opted for lunch on a week day. Our reservation was at 11:30am, and we were among the first in the restaurant and got a table by the fireplace. The service was extremely attentive. We ordered the watermelon with feta, pine nuts and olive oil. What an incredible combination. I cannot want to try to recreate that at home! We also had that lamb riblets with slid right off the bone and the grilled calamari. The calamari was stuffed with feta and the fennel that accompanied it really made the dish. After the calamari was gone, I ate up the fennel. Not something I usually do! We then shared the octopus salad, also an amazing dish.We ordered a couple of glasses of wine. We were undecided on what wines we wanted, so the server suggested that she bring out tastes of the two we were considering. I really appreciated that touch! We liked them so much we got one of each.The decor is old world feeling, and welcoming. Everyone was friendly without being over the top.I cannot think of even one slightly-negative thing. Overall it was pretty much a perfect meal.Cannot wait to go back!
There's a place in every city that's meant for a nice meal out with one's mum. It's a rare combination of things, including a good food (a portion of which must be vegetarian in my instance), a soft yet classy dcor, a delicate balance of 70-30 amongst the above 30s and below 25s, polite waiters, and a nice neighborhood.It doesn't happen every day, but finding a place for that dinner is a real challenge - well this is the one for San Francisco. Don't think about it too much, ask for a nice (amongst their not terribly priced) bottle of wine and pair it with some mezze. But don't linger long, the lamb shank as a main course is excellent. We finished off with this baklava and fig ice cream (or something - a little hard to remember now). It was fantastic.
I went here for my friend's birthday dinner. And I have to say, great choice. It was really wonderful. The restaurant itself is gorgeous and surprisingly huge once you walk in the front door. The decor and ambiance was definitely set for a special occasion. Now, I've heard it said that there's a somewhat corporate/maybe upscale chain feel to it, but really, I thought things were just well serviced and professional. I didn't do my research before going there, so I didn't even know it was a greek restaurant. Fortunately, my friend who suggested the place said that everything was good, so I guess we couldn't go wrong. They accomodated our group very nicely even though a good number weren't able to show up last minute. Our server seemed a little new and could work on his "umms" and "uhhs" a bit, but he was enthusiastic and eager to help. Supporting staff was also on top of everything, water refilled promptly and unobtrusively, plates cleared politely. Complimentary bread and olives were very good. In addition we ordered the zuchini cakes and grill octopus starter which I loved. Well prepared, the octopus still had good snap and was not rubbery at all. I probably could've hogged the the whole plate to myself. Food portions are ginormous here. Particularly if you are ordering any meat items, the lamb shank and pork shoulder dishes my friends ordered were huge, Renn-faire size. Very ender and flavorful good. I split the whole wood roasted sea bass and mushroom ravioli with my friend. Both very good and provided a nice contrast to all the heavier meat dishes the rest of the party ordered. For dessert we split 2 different items, a rich flourless chocolate cake and Galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with quince spoon sweet & pistachio ice cream, which I believed the comp'd for the birthday girl.All in all, a wonderful dinner and a place I am eager to go back to for a special occasion. Prices were fair for the quality and quantity of food/service.
I checked out Kokkari, per the recommendation of my Finance professor and because I love the sister restaurant Evvia (Palo Alto). The food and service here is just as great as it as at Evvia, if not better. In fact, I think there is an even greater selection of appetizers. I also think the appetizers are better than the entrees so when in doubt, stock up on more of those (especially if you're vegetarian). My only issue is that the tables are a bit too crowded together and it's really loud so this wouldn't be a great place for a quiet, intimate conversation with a date. On the other hand, it would be a nice place for a lively birthday dinner with a group of friends.
Excellent food and very pretty restaurant. The lamb was amazing and so was the greek salad - tasted so fresh!Only negative was that they put as a table that was literally in middle of a walkway so people kept bumping into us. I know they want to maximize seating but that is definitely not the way to go.
I've been here a few times since my last review and every one of them as been perfect. I finally branched out (from the usual lemon oregano chicken) and tried the Moussaka ("traditional casserole of eggplant, lamb, potato & yogurt bchamel")- it was ammaaazing! I wasn't even sure if I liked lamb, but this is seasoned so well its hard not to love it...(the octopus was ok- could've used more seasoning- i wouldnt get it again, but it didn't detract from the entree)
I would have gorged myself with all of their delicious goodness had my wallet not stopped me.
I've heard great things about Kokkari, and am happy to report it does not disappoint!For appetizers, we ordered the zucchini cakes and lamb riblets. Both were good, with the lamb riblets being the standouts. They were melt-off-the-bone soft and the strong game-y flavor blended well with the sage.For entrees, we ordered the lamb rotisserie and the lamb chops (I was in a lamb eating mood :P). Both were delicious! The chops are great if you prefer that grilled, slightly charred taste with a rougher texture on your meats. There weren't any vegetables, outside of the super tasty roasted potatoes.Dessert was equally satisfying; we ordered a yogurt sorbet with a fruit granita and a semolina custard in filo with blood orange. The custard was amazing, and the yogurt sorbet was super refreshing!Overall, it was a lovely experience! Parking was easy, the service was great, and the food was so delicious. Kokkari's definitely one of the better restaurants in SF, and totally worth an evening.
To commemorate the resplendent occasion of time passing, i.e. moving ever closer to death, I made a request to revisit one of my favorite dining establishments in the city. I generally loathe birthdays and find them to be a bit nauseating, but I shan't ever pass up the opportunity for a sweet meal.Damn, this place is good. Impeccable service, wonderful ambiance. We were seated in the rear section of the restaurant this time, by the open air kitchen, and it really enhanced the dining experience for me. The air was buzzing with a nice, communal bustle. Prior to the meal, I'd really had my heart set on ordering the braised lamb shank but at the last minute opted for the whole grilled branzino again, and it was just as good as I remember it to be. It did arrive at the table de-boned, which was kind of thoughtful of them I suppose...but it made me sad that I didn't get to Saigon that mother myself. Since we decided in advance that we were going to pass on dessert, it somehow seemed appropriate to order four separate appetizers. The arnisia plevrakia (lamb riblets) was once again ridiculous, and the octapodaki tou yiorgou (grilled octopus with lemon and olive oil) was melty and perfect. The roasted brussels sprouts had just the right amount of char, and the addition of fresh grilled lemon peel worked in near-zen harmony with the accompanying bacon. The fourth dish was a seasonal recommendation from our server--a "salad" consisting of slices of blood orange, locally sourced, liberally smattered with spiced walnuts, honey, and dates. It was really simple and was a wonderful palate cleanser. I loved it.All in all, I have nothing but the highest accolades for Kokkari and can't wait to come back again.
I don't get it.What I ordered: Zucchini cakes, big-ass beans, grilled calamari, moussaka, and some greek coffee. The appetizers were perfectly fine, but the moussaka was a completely different story. It was excessive and heavy. How can I best describe it to you... It was basically a melted cheese and ground lamb casserole. Not only that, but it took a very very long time to arrive. In fact, my lunch meeting took about 2.5 hours. They apologized and stated it was a "moussaka heavy" day (I wonder if the other diners were as disappointed as I was with the moussaka), so they gave us free desserts to-go at the end. It was ok and the right thing to do, but I still missed another meeting because of the delay.I sat in one of the booths and the atmosphere felt like nothing special.The bathrooms were nice though.
I took my wife here for her birthday. The restaurant is beautiful. We were seated by a large fireplace which gave the dining room a romantic glow. The lighting is perfect and the attention to every detail was not lost on us. The food was wonderful and the service was spot on. I had many friends recommend this place, so I went in with high expectations, which can often lead to disappointment, but not at Kokkari. We will definitely be back.
I've enjoyed both of my experiences at Kokkari thus far. This restaurant is always bustling and appears to have a major cult following - with good food, good service and wonderful interior decoration and design with a great atmosphere it's easy to see why.Many people seem to absolutely love the food here and although I think it's good, to me, it's not "home run outta' the park" good but more like "a triple, sliding into third base and safe by the skin of your teeth" good.My favorite appetizers have to be the grilled octopus and pan fried kefalograviera cheese. The grilled octopus is extremely popular and for good reason, it's simply amazing. I honestly thought I was going to have to remind myself at every bite not to think about how I'm eating a tentacle, but it was so delicious that it wasn't even an issue. The zucchini cakes and kalamata pita are pretty good but I probably would not order them again.All of the main entrees are quite good, though some better than others. The lamb chops I ordered during my first visit were pretty good, but I've had much better. If you're feeling like lamb I'd suggest the lamb shank (much larger portion and much more tender) or the moussaka (probably the best, in my opinion, of the three lamb dishes). The lemon herb rotisserie chicken that you can see rotating over the large fire near the entrance of the restaurant is tasty, the meat is quite juicy and is a healthy sized portion. The pan roasted halibut is a smaller entree compared to many of the others but is still cooked quite well and with a squeeze of lemon on top it provides a nice little zesty flavor to the light savory sauce the halibut is served on.
Good appetizers, so-so entrees. My entree was not what I ordered. Over-priced and all-in-all not worth the money. I've been to Kokkari a couple of times now and don't plan to return.
Great food and service. We had the lamb and sea bass; both were excellent!
Greek food at its best. The ambiance is great, kinda reminds me of a cozy cabin. Service is good and the lamb chops are dank. Reserve at least 2 weeks in advance!
Great restaurant! The ambience, the food and the service are awesome! There aren't very many great Greek restaurants in town, so am thrilled that this is in SF! I love their fresh, home made pita bread, grilled fish, lamb and anything from their rotisserie is divine. Make sure to ask for recommendations from the Greek wine list - you'll find some yummy surprises.  Perfect for a romantic dinner, a business dinner or just a place to catch up with special friends!Enjoy... or should I say OPA!
Best Dinner in SF! I will certainly go again. Food, Staff, Atmosphere, all 5*! Oh, and the goat stew -- not on the menu -- and sure you're thinking goat stew?, which was my initial thought until the waiter talked me into it and all I can say is it's amazing...
My review of this outstanding restaurant is well over due. I was here just a couple weeks ago on Thur night, although it was not my first time, it reminded me to rave about it on Yelp. I love everything about Kokkari... from the moment the valet guy opens your door, the beautiful dark-wood french door entrance, the posh front and back dining area, the inviting bar, the warm enormous fireplace... Euro-swanky decor. Our flamboyant waiter was super friendly. My date and I enjoyed every single thing... the Malbec, the delicious asparagus, artichoke, octopus, lamb.... Coming back next week, I can't wait! Kokkari is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city:)
We made a late lunch reservation. We showed 20 minutes late, and they still accommodated us. Great vibe in a great location. Things that were great:- Lamb Riblets- Grilled Calamari with FetaThings that were average:- Rotisserie Chicken- ServiceThings below average:- Waiting area (may be an issue with multiple SF restaurants)
There's a reason this place is so popular and has such high ratings. Consistently great food and service. Atmosphere is great for both business meetings as well as more personal dinners/outings.
Food is good, but not great. I'm harder to please as I grow older. Service was ok. If you observe closely enough, they appear to have 2 standards--one for Asians and one for Caucasians. I find that a turn off. The zucchini cakes were served to the white people behind us, while with ours, the waiter just placed the dish on our table, albeit politely. Ambience was great.
I've never had a bad meal at Kokkari. It is easily one of the best restaurants in the city. Every meal needs to start with the zucchini cakes. Tender zucchini in a crispy crust topped with a dollop of mint yogurt. It really is a refreshing start to any meal. Octopus salad is delicious. So is the Moussaka but be warned - it is a very rich dish. Pay attention to the specials and the daily catch because they never fail either. The ambiance is great and the staff are very professional yet personal at the same time. All in all a consistently good bet. Make a reservation. There is a good reason why they are often fully booked.
When I normally think Greek food, I picture stuffed grape leaves, roasted lamb, and spanakopita....however after dining at Kokkari, they have opened my tastebuds to another dimension of Greek cuisine.I love this place! We came here for my sister's birthday one year and received such awesome service, great wine selection to pair with the food, and delicious food that tantalized your tastebuds!As for the ambiance, it was very romantic, rustic, and inviting. Very familial like sitting at grandma's dining table.We shared the starters and for our meals - pretty much passed them around like we were at home eating a family meal. Everyone wanted to try each other's courses and they were all delicious.My favorites are the fried crispy little smelt! These little fish fried to a crisp with just a bit of lemon spritz on top were absolutely devine!The simplicity of their dishes are what make them so delicious. With only a few accents of herbs or seasonings - it truly brings out what is the lamb, fish, etc...Delicious! Delicious! Delicious!
To be honest it's been a while since I've eaten here but the food was good enough to leave a lasting impression.For starters had the smelt and lamb meatballs. I was really skeptical on the smelt.. was afraid it was going to be overly "fishy" but it was very good! The sauce it came with kept the dish light even though it was fried. Lamb meatballs were perfectly seasoned as well.I had quail as my entree and it was SO good. Still juicy (tricky with small birds) and tender.. mmm...I don't remember the names of our desserts or if it was even on the menu. The waiter brought them out but they were phenomenal. One of the dishes was some kind of rendition on baklava and it was a pile of syrupy goodness. The ice creams/sorbets that came out with them were exceptional as well.
If you love food, don't look for your pocket. They have delicious food, bunch of options that you have to make more then one visit to taste them all. Apart from that, every item is so delicious.
I came to this restaurant with my friends to celebrate a birthday, and we did not have any regrets when we chose to this place. The food was pretty authentic and generously sized, for the price that was charged. The bartender was also very skilled and quite creative as well.The ambience of the restaurant was very romantic, calm, yet lively. The lighting was very soft, the decor was very clean and classic. The wait staff is very kind and attentive, and even towards the end of the night, the staff never rushed anybody out the door.The food tasted great, subtle flavors, bringing out the true taste of food, without being masked and overpowered by spices. The prices that were charged were appropriate for the quality of the food. Furthermore, the drinks were great. I asked the bartender to make something to surprise me, considering I enjoy martinis and dry ones at that, and he made a perfectly balanced Vesper. I must say, the bartender's creativity was not lacking that night.As for the parking situation, if you are driving, I would just advise to use the Valet parking service, since streetside parking in the area is hard to find, if at all. The valet parking service is decently priced and have cash to prepare to tip the staff as well.Overall, all things considered, I think this is one of the best restaurants in San Francisco and a must do if you are in the area and are looking for a nice place to take a special someone to. I would definitely return if I was in the area again.
Very happening and cozy restaurant. Loved the sumptuous ambiance and romantic setting, feels like a visit to Greece. The service was outstanding from the moment you walk in. The octopus starter and Saghanaki are wonderful and their lamb chops are superb. They also do a great job with their daily taverna special fish. If I could, I would eat their stuffed octopus everyday, it's out of this world! Great for dates, for a company dinner, or with family in town. I came here with a date and really enjoyed it. It is pricey, but worth dining here. Pure excellence in all regards, best Greek in town.
I can only speak for my experiences for take out. I know, I know this is probably the only take out review for Kokkari on yelp but here it goes anyway.I have ordered take out from here probably 4-5 times in the last 7 months.Each time they said 20-25 minutes. On average I end up waiting 1 to 1.5 hours before the food actually comes out of the kitchen. Last time I thought I timed it nicely by waiting 1 hour before heading over to the restaurant, but even then I had to wait an additional 30 minutes before my food appeared. If the food will take 1-2 hours to come out of the kitchen, just say so... there is no need to create false expectations for your takeout customers.Kokkari is located right next to my office in the Financial District and it is a beautiful restaurant, with a wood burning stove right in the middle of the restaurant. Everyone in the restaurant is dressed nicely and talking business or flirting with their dates. I loved the food don't get me wrong, and the restaurant was beautiful.The lamb riblets for starters was awesome to say the least. There was a biteful of flavor in each bite and the meat was extremely tender (fall off the bone). The meat to bone ratio was completely off however. Almost no meat at all...The lamb chops and the half chicken were the best meats I have tasted outside of Yountville. The most flavorful lamb in the world and it was cooked to a perfect pink. The chicken was prepared perfectly and was super moist. Would definitely come back to eat in the restaurant!
I come here for special occassions and I will continue to do so until I move out of San Francisco (but I'll still come here when I visit). Expect a long wait during dinner Fri-Sun. You really get what you pay for; excellent service by knowledgeable staff, large portions, great wine selection, and lovely atmosphere. My significant other, although all the food in general is delish, only orders the Kokinisto me Manestra (Lamb Shank). He compares all other lamb shanks to Kokkari's. I recommend; Octapodaki tou Yiorgou (Grill Octopus), Soutzoukakia (Lamb Meatballs), Kolokithokeftethes (Zucchini Cakes), Psari Psito (Whole Fish w/ Braised Greesn, Potatoes, and Avgolemono sauce Entre), and Moussaka. My mouth is watering.
Our way of avoiding the absurbly-priced prix fixe menus that plague all nice restaurants on Valentine's Day was to go the day before Valentine's Day and that's exactly what the hubby and I did. He wanted to know what "fancy" Greek food was about and after hearing all the great things about Kokkari, we had to give it a try.To start off, the starters all looked so good, it was really hard to decide!! We got the Octapodaki tou Yiorgou (grilled octopus), Aginares Souvlaki (grilled artichokes & eggplant skewer with Greek yogurt), and melitzanosalata (eggplant) dip with grilled pita. As we were ordering, the woman at the next table was raving about the Saghanaki (pan fried cheese) but we had already ordered too much so we never got the change to try it. EVERYTHING was really good. The grilled octopus was really flavorful and soft. My husband said it wasn't chewy enough for him but I actually enjoyed the lack of chewiness. The artichokes and eggplants on the skewer was paired well with the yogurt. The eggplant dip was a great complement to our other two appetizers because it was not too heavy. As for entrees, we heard the Arnisia Paidakia (lamb chops) is their signature dish so we had order that even though lamb is not my favorite meat. Our waitress highly recommended the Mosharisia Brizola (rib-eye steak) so that was what I ordered. The hubby liked his lamb but didn't love it; I thought the lamb was pretty good, which says something especially since the statement is coming from a non-lamb-loving (even lamb-hating) individual. The rib-eye on the other hand was a huge disappointment. I ordered it medium but it was super dry and it reminded me that I should not order steak anymore. They all taste about the same from restaurants that are not steakhouses.For dessert, we had the Galaktoboureko (semolina custard in filo with Meyer lemon spoonsweet & crme frache ice cream), which was like a sweet egg roll with ice cream.The bathroom was in an interesting location. I had to take an elevator to the bottom floor to get it. Good thing I read some Yelp reviews or else I would have been very lost.In all, please order the grilled octopus, the artichoke/eggplant skewers and the lamb chops. You must have to try these signature dishes.
Went on Dec. 1 for our anniversary. Made our res thru Open Table. Hostess was nice, even wished us a "happy anniversary." She must've looked at our Open Table res notes. We had reservations for 8:30 and were seated promptly. Our table was nice, as it was by itself. I noticed that some of the tables were very close together, but we were fortunate to get ours.Our waiter was very informative and had some good recommendations. We chose the grilled octopus app which was outstanding. We both went with the Moussaka. Again, outstanding. It was filled with ground lamb, potatoes, and mushrooms. Kinda like a Greek shephard;s pie.For dessert, we chose the baklava with ice cream. Now, here's where it gets a little sketchy. First off, the baklava was good. Not great, but good. Upon my wife's last bite, she discovered, much to her dismay, a single wayward hair implanted firmly amongst the layers of phyllo dough. Initially, we found this somewhat amusing. This may be due to the quality of the cocktails we had up to this point (they were, indeed, high quality). Our busboy came by and my wife told him there was a hair in her baklava. He let out a sort of "hmmmph" then took the offending hair and out plates away.The manager came by shortly thereafter. I think he was the manager because he was wearing a suit and had a moustache and that's what managers look like. He apologized for the hair. However, when I told him, "It was on my wife's last bite," his reply was rather curious. He responded, "Well, of course it was." Now, I may be reading into his reply too much, but it sounded like he was implying that we had fabricated the whole hair thing.  Let me say this - my wife has very blond hair and mine is black. The hair in question was unequivocably brown. We do not carry a kit with spare hair in it to strategically place in high end food, hoping to get a freebie.Regardless, the dessert was taken off the bill.All in all, despite "Hairgate," very nice place.
I love Kokkari. Sitting next to one of the big open windows on a nice sunny day is the PERFECT way to spend a meal, especially if you pair it with a bottle of duckhorn sauvignon blanc (my fav). Let's get started:Appetizers- Zucchini Cakes- lightly crispy on the outside, and great with the mint yogurt dip- Brussels Sprouts- cooked with bacon and some lemon, probably the reason why I started liking them in the first place- Grilled Octopus- tasted really fresh and light, but I don't this for anyone squirmy...- Grilled Meatballs- yum-diddily-um- Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata & Tirosalata w/ pita- I've tried all of them and loved all of them. Great variety, and you can get a platter of three if you want to try multipleEntrees: - Greek Salad- literally just huge pieces of cucumbers, tomatoes, bell peppers, and blocks of feta cheese. Really refreshing and surprisingly filling. I didn't regret not ordering a main course when I chose a salad for my entree- Any whole fish dish- I recommend asking them to fillet the fish, just because it's really annoying if you order one that has lots of bones. Either way, it's cooked really well with good seasoning, although a little too heavy on the olive oil in my opinion- Lahanofilodolmathes- it's too hard to describe, but it's basically a large piece of meat mixed with seasoning and some veggies (I think?), wrapped in grape leaves, and covered in a hearty broth. Deeeelish!- Souvlaki Hirino- this thing was massive...definitely wouldn't order anything else if you were going to get this, but really flavorful and overall awesome! Dessert:-Milo Furnisto - baked cinnamon walnut stuffed apple with masticha gelato. I thought this was going to be really overwhelming, but the apple was so moist, tender (a tender apple, really?), and rich in flavor that it went perfectly with the gelato. - Baklava- SO FREAKING GOOD. Baklava ice cream= 100x better. You have to get this if it's available. Trust me.- Greek Coffee- it's heated over hot sand, but also has some sand in the cup. My friend thought it was coffee grounds and tried to eat it. Do not, I repeat, eat this sand. Lol.- Frappe- Best iced coffee I've had in my life. Service is wonderful as well. Enjoy!
Yum Yum Yum!! I can't remember what we ate for dinner here...but the "yum yum yum" was written about a year ago right after I dined at Kokkari. I do remember that we ordered fried green beans and they were delicious and not on the menu
I come out to San Fran about once a month, and this is a place that I consistently look forward to and enjoy. I work/stay close by, too.I normally sit at the bar, since reservations are very difficult to find, but this is fine - the bar has the full menu, and its also a nice bustling place with good lighting and enough space to actually enjoy the meal. Also, the seats are comfortable.I love the lamb chops, that come with the fingerling potatoes and a beautiful lemon/oil sause and fresh chard (?). Also, I normally have a basic greek salad, which is so-so.I tried the lamb-special last night, and wouldn't do it again. The basic chops, or the shank, are far better. The special was "choice cuts" from a spring-lamb roasted over the open-fire in the place. Wasn't bad, but not well cooked. Some too much, other cuts were quite rare.I normally enjoy a half-bottle, like the 2009 Schafer which pairs well with the lamb, the oil, and the lemon.I never have dessert, but they sound good. Some others at the bar (whom I overheard) discussed them as not living up to the descriptions or recommendations from the bar-tenders who pushed them pretty hard.Overall, nice place and great food. Service this last time was also just so-so. My lamb-special must have been missed, since it took about 25min between when I had finished my salad before the lamb came out. They apologized, but a place like this shouldn't have that happen.Expensive, too. For the wine ($45), the salad ($8), and the lamb-special ($35), somehow the bill came to $104.
I LOVE this place. Food: I ordered the halibut and the lamb. I mean you can't go wrong with the lamb chops, they are cooked to perfection. If they are not, just tell them and they will exchange it for free. The halibut is also really good and tasy.We ordered the zuchini cakes and octopus for appetizer. OMG - BEST octopus i've ever tasted :) Atmosphere: I really like the romantic and cosy atmosphere. I went with my siblings, but this would be a great place to bring a date too :)
i rarely give 5 stars, this is one of the few.appetizerslamb riblets, fried chicken livers, grilled octopus. all 5 stars. chicken livers were fried nicely, not "irony", just smooth and good. octopus was the most tender, not chewy octopus i've ever had.entreeslamb chops - 4.5 stars, perfectly cooked, well seasonedgoat stew - 5 stars, great flavor, large portion, just all around amazingroasted pork - 4 stars, good, as expectedrib eye steak - 4.5 stars, great flavor, perfectly cookedhighly recommended, not many places can live up to the hype, this one did.
Beautiful restaurant and the service was great, but most of the flavors were sour or bitter. Portion size was good and well prepared, but I can't get over the flavors. Maybe I'm just not a fan of Greek food.For starters I had:Zucchini cakes - eh okWood oven roasted prawns - too sour for my likingFried smelts - too saltyGrilled Octopus - probably the best dish of the nightGrilled meatballs - unimpressiveEntree:I had the rotisserie of the day which was pork. Nice big portion, but I wasn't very impressed by the seasoning.Tried some of the whole fish which was kind of bland.Ravioli's did not get my appetite going either.Dessert:Baklava ice cream was good.Yiaourti me Meli was too sour for my taste.
I have no idea why I rated this place a 4 when it clearly is a 5 star restaurant!! This is my all time favorite place. I go here as often as I can and for every special occasion. We love just about everything on the menu. You can't go wrong with ordering from the menu and the desserts are amazing as well. Thus far, everyone we took here or recommended this place to has fallen in love with the food. It will become your next addiction and go to spot!! Like I said, my fav!
Evvias big brother. Delicious food in a nice San Francisco setting. My favorites are Tzatziki with fresh hot pita bread as starter, entre grilled fish to share. Everything I've tasted so far was perfectly cooked and spiced. I recommend to make a reservation. Only negative point is that it is a big restaurant and it gets noisy. Pricy but worth it. 5*.
The white hostess- late 30s early 40s (or early 30s but ages horribly), huge fake eyelashes and looks like she marinated herself in glitter and perfume for a month too long...yeah her. what a huge b****.food was good but the bitchiness was overwhelming.
I only visit SF a couple times/year, but this is by far my favorite Mediterranean restaurant here, and one of my overall favorites in the city. Have been for lunch once (today), and dinner about a year ago. Have had the grilled whole fish (incredible), and today tried the octopus salad (almost melts in your mouth), with lentil soup, stuffed grape leaves, and baklava for dessert. In my opinion, you will not beat the freshness of their seafood anywhere. The service was also excellent.
Been here twice; once for lunch and once for dinner and both times with larges groups. The appetizers are in my opinion better than the entrees. The meatballs, brussel sprouts, calamari are deelish! The fried cheese is good, a little salty for my taste. The lamb shank for dinner is HUMUNGOUS. The lamb chops for lunch was tiny...was still hungry afterwards. I will say the lambchops were cooked to perfection, just wanted more of them. The waiter was awesome this last time during lunch (Edward was his name I think). Would come back and just go tapas style. Also had the flourless dark chocolate cake and...well...it just wasn't for me. It tasted like chocolate chalk. While the serving size was great, it didn't taste great. The praline ice cream however was really good.
Review #1: My first visit to San Francisco and Kokkari was about 3 weeks ago and every aspect of the experience was delightful. Our server was friendly, attentive and very patient as it took us over a half-hour to decide on what to order. My sister and I shared the Spanakotiropita (my absolute favorite greek dish) and after inhaling my share of this flaky spinach-filled "pillow of heaven", I found myself glaring at my sister and her half eaten portion, wondering, "Why the heck is she eating so slowly?!!" Fortunately for me, our server returned to the table with our entrees, Moussaka pour moi and a rotisserie chicken dish for sis. Both were fantastic! Dessert was out of the question but I did consider getting another order of Spanakotiropita to-go....Review #2: So, I'd been dreaming of Kokkari's Spanakoiropita from the moment I took my first bite until my return to San Francisco two weeks later. I set my reservation for the last evening of my vacation to ensure this trip would end as satisfyingly as my first one began. We arrived a little early for our 9:15 reservation but were promptly seated when our table became available.  Our adorable waiter (Wayne) arrived and took our drink orders and asked if there were any menu items we had our hearts set on. With my mouth watering and eyes bulging with excitement, I immediately expressed my desire for the Spanakotiropita and almost chuckled when I thought i heard him say, "It's not available." Ha ha ha, WHAT?! Surely he's joking. I just stared at him. I guess Wayne could read the disappointment on my face... or maybe it was the tears in my eyes, but he flashed a smile and said, "I have an idea. Do you like feta? Spice? I'll bring you something delicious. You'll love it!" I was still pouting when they brought the appetizer to the table, Tirosalata, which was a blend of Feta cheese and spices with a side of pita bread and cucumber slices. I hated to admit it but that dish was pretty darned tasty! My mood progressively lifted with each delectable bite and slowly I began to forget about my lost love. For entrees, sis ordered the Lamb chops and I ordered the chicken which were both superb!! Again, no room for dessert but we still left extremely satisfied. Props to Wayne for turning a potentially violent situation into a delightful experience. His vast knowledge of the menu, easy smile and engaging personality ensured our recent visit to Kokkari would not be our last. Thanks Wayne!
Kookari Estiatorio is fabulous! The food is so delicious, fresh and expertly prepared. The service is excellent. Make sure you make a reservation, even on a Tuesday, because it is SO popular you may never get a table otherwise.
Took B here for his birthday July 4th weekend. Finally I found a restaurant that he hadn't already tried.Kokkari is beautifully decorated - it's not ostentatious, but feels like a very grand and splendid rustic kitchen, with scrubbed wooden tables and high backed armchairs and ginormous pots and pans hanging from the open kitchen. We were seated in the back room, the one with the kitchen, so it was really warm in there - towards the end of the night I felt a little like I couldn't breathe, but oh well.The only Greek food I've had are gyros, so I really wanted to try the lamb - there were 3 or 4 options and they all sounded sumptuous. I ordered the lamb shank - and MAN was it a LOT of meat. The seasoning and the sauce with the rice reminded me of Moroccan food, so I wasn't super impressed. B got the grilled whole sea bass in a avgolemono sauce, and it was DELICIOUS. I'd recommend that over the lamb, although the fish is catch of the day. The wine list was confusing, since I know next to nothing about wine except that it should be drunk in great, hulking quantities, so we asked our knowledgable waitress for some recommendations and they were perfect. When I made my reservations on open table, there was a popup window asking if I had any special requests. I plugged in a question (It's my boyfriend's birthday - is there anything special I can do?) and then promptly forgot about it. But (without any further notice from me) our waitress brought out a little chocolate cake with a candle and it was SO awesome that the restaurant made a note of it when I didn't specifically ask for anything. Quality service! Ps..Olives are fun, even the pits, although they make one feel very unseemly. Olive Juice!
So. Much. Food. And good food too. Seriously, I had to doggie-bag home more than half my entree. And then still could barely eat the next day.Granted, my being full might have had something to do with the many shared appetizers I stuffed down... or the fact that I shared an enormous Sundae for dessert. But I also ordered the *large* Lamb Shank, correctly billed as "stew on a bone" by our waiter.I've been here a couple times now for business dinners and to sister restaurant Evvia a bunch of times over the years as well. Predictably good food, charming decor and competent wait staff every time in my experience. Hard to go wrong.
Although the restaurant is in a modern high rise Kokkari Estiatorio does its best to transport you back to the Mediterranean. We had a delicious early meal before a show at the curran theatre. We had heard good things and its sister restaurant Evvia in Palo Alto is one of my favourites. Greek food is so underrated!The waiter was professional and helpful and we used his guidance in our selections. The freshness of the bread and my pea and fava bean salad were wonderful. The lamb meatballs are a must! The portions are not huge but sensible enough to allow you to enjoy 3 courses without feeling stuffed. ( I didn't have the lamb shank which did look enormous!) My main course was a whole grilled branzino which the chef filleted. It was absolutely delicious, moist and sweet. It comes with sauted greens and the obligatory lemons and olive oil which kept it fresh and light. I would have liked some potatoes and in future I will order a side dish. My husband had the lamb chops which he assured me were amazing.We managed to squeeze in desserts and coffee too. The semolina filled filo rolls with ice cream was fantastic, the ice cream was so delicate and creamy. I would have the rice pudding next time, the seasoned dried fruits on top made it smell and taste like the holidays. I remember rice pudding as a school dessert and pretty horrible but this was so creamy and rich without being too sweet. I think I will try and make it at home.All in all a lovely meal and definitely would return.
Food is really good, full bar, long waiting time on a thursday, if you go defiantly try the veal.
My BF and I came here for New Years Eve. It was super cute, decorated with balloons and decorations. The place is pretty big and nice ambiance. Has a romantic edge to the place. GET DESERT!!!The zucchini cakes were a great starter. The server recommended the lamb chops and they were delicious. Crispy on the outside and nice and tender and juicy on the inside...Pretty big serving so shared with the man.The BF has the lamb shank, and had a tummy ache after... not positive it was from this... but I would guess it was. May have been the oil. He said it tasted amazing, but he was kind of grumbly afterwards...BEST PART OF NIGHT: Sokolatina ~~ FLOUR-LESS CHOCOLATE CAKE WITH WHIP! OMG TO DIE FOR!!!! Make sure to save room for this.
This place was special enough for my birthday dinner with my boyfriend, and classy enough/not-too-intimate for business lunches and meetings. The food was impeccable, the drink recommendations great, and the atmosphere was lovely without being overdone. The only drawback here was the waiter stole the thunder from my boyfriend by revealing our activity later that night: going to see "Billy Elliot." :) Nonetheless, I will definitely go back for some more tasty food and maybe another surprise.
Had to try this restaurant to see if it lived up to the numerous reviews and reputation it has established on yelp. We spent our meal on all appetizers and dessert. I thought it was pretty good, but want to go back to try an entree, to know for sure how well I liked it here. The service was good. Atmosphere was nice. The octopus was not a chewy as I like it. Dessert was delicious. Overall, it was worth the try.
Great food.Not especially attentive staff, but it was ok.Tables are close together, so the loud chick next to us who didn't shut up was not cool, but she was quickly replaced by a couple who talked in more normal tones, so it was just fine.Really liked it overall.
The Background:Much like its sister restaurant in Palo Alto, this restaurant serves great food and has a strong focus on the lamb. The space is larger than the one in Palo Alto and the atmosphere seemed nicer.The Positives:The lamb chops are amazing. No surprise that they are among the most commonly mentioned items on here. In addition, I was a fan of the baby octopus. While I didn't order it myself, I am told the lamb stew was also quite good.The Negatives:Not really a negative but the zucchini cake I thought was overrated. They were good but weren't all that amazing which you would expect from all the recommendations for them.
Everyone who worked there was absolutely wonderful--except our waiter.The food was okay. Lamb chop was good though.. hence the two stars :).fried zucchini--kind of burnt on the outside.lamb chop--yum.ravioli --descent but definitely not worth it.I'll never be back. Well, maybe just one more time.
Food is definitely good and the service is attentive. The restuarant is a bit "posh" and "old school" and not very hip. It's nice none the less but just want to bring that to your attention. The food was good. We sourdough bread is very good. Appetizers were delightful but extremely small.Despite good tasting food / attentive service, this restaurant deserves 2 stars because:- They charge for every little thing (e.g. a glass of milk for a baby girl was $2.50) - We also got charged a dessert that no one ordered. The waiter brought out a dessert and said "this is for you guys" and the dessert had the words "Congratulations" on it. We thought it was a free dessert because no one ordered it. At the end of the meal, we realized we were charged $10 for the dessert. - It is NOT ok to bring out a dessert and charge us for it. Also, it should be noted that we already ordered dessert so this dessert we got sat in the middle of the table "melted"Our experience with the dessert is not unique at Kokkari. My friend mentioned her last experience at Kokkari where the waiter brought out a dessert as a recommendation and charged them for it.
This is my go-to special occasion restaurant. It is cozy, seating can be intimate and service is wonderful. Ingredients are simple but the preparation just makes them divine.My latest experience there was only marred by an unpleasant couple seated next to us who bickered the whole time and were rude to the staff. Not much the staff can do in that situation but really makes you wish there was a screening process sometimes.
Strolled in on a Wednesday evening with a bird hat on my head and a distinguished, silver-haired gentleman on my arm. The maitre d' immediately took our coats and showed us to our table. This was nothing compared to the exemplary service we received the rest of the evening.REWIND. So that's not what really happened. If I had been smart enough to show up with one or both of the accessories in my fantasy, it might have been a positive dining experience. I only blame myself. Here's the real scoop:One of my girlfriends and I decided to celebrate the end of finals last month with a nice dinner out in the city. We picked Kokkari based on rave reviews from various people we both trusted (note the past tense). We had a reservation for 8:15pm on a weeknight, but we weren't seated until about 9pm. I'm a patient gal, so it wasn't the wait time that bothered me.  What bothered me was that in the meantime, plenty of other (older) people strolled in and were immediately whisked off to their tables. My friend was treated like a gnat by the maitre d' as she tried to ask him about the approximate wait time.  When we were finally seated, it was at a tiny table sandwiched in between two larger tables (this fact is important for later). Our waiter was quite nice and humored us by answering all our questions. He was also attentive throughout the evening, but not overbearingly so. We definitely received great service from him, but only from him. The food was absolutely mouth-watering. If I were rating Kokkari for the food alone, it would be an easy 5 stars from a girl who likes to grade on a harsh curve. The zucchini cakes we had as an appetizer were flavorful. For the main course, I had the petrofska, which is an Atlantic char fillet brushed with olive oil and lemon, served with a side of olive tapenade. The char was perfection, with deliciously crispy skin covering flaky goodness. Dessert was dulce de leche ice cream with walnuts. It was over-the-top sweet, but that is to be expected with anything labeled "dulce de leche." Kokkari, you get a pass for that. What you don't get a pass for is the rude waiter (not ours) who bumped into my chair as he tried to squeeze in between our table and another table. He looked unapologetically at me and hurried away without a word. Needless to say, I left with a bad taste in my mouth (and not from the ice cream, either).
Lamb spinning on the rotisserie! Plus, they have cool decor, it's like being in ancient Greece. Their decor actually reminds me a lot of Aziza's decor, very unique and has a lot of character.I loved their plates. It's so pretty, reminded me of the pottery slides of ancient Greece in my design history classes. Sourdough bread. It was alright, definitely not a fan of sourdough though it's distinctly SF.Olives & Sea Salt. Not really a fan of olives (unless they're canned) so me no likey.Zucchini Cakes. With Cucumber & Mint Yogurt Dressing. This was damn good! The cakes were nicely fried and the texture of the zucchini was fresh and delicious. NOMS. I love the dressing too, it was just the right amount of tanginess and worked well with the zucchini cakes. NOMS. Definitely a fan!Moussaka. Eggplant, Lamb, Potato & Yogurt Bchamel Casserole. This was alright, a little heavy on the nutmeg. But otherwise pretty good, aside from the fact that it was a little on the heavy side, couldn't eat too much of it because of that. Arnisia Paidakia. Grilled Lamb Chops with a Lemon-Oregano Vinaigrette & Kokkari Potatoes. These were by far the most disappointing, due to the many amazing reviews on Yelp. They were very bland and grilled past my "medium" request since they were barely even pink. Plus, I couldn't even tell there was a vinaigrette in it, there was literally no flavor. I don't know why I paid $35 for these when I could do better at home. So disappointing. Baklava. Walnut and Honey Baklava with Baklava Ice Cream. On the menu, it said that it comes with vanilla-praline ice cream, but our server told us the special dessert of the day was baklava ice cream. We asked if we could replace the vanilla-praline with baklava and our server was kind enough to oblige. The baklava ice cream was definitely way better than the baklava itself. I found the baklava much too sweet and the walnuts were a little too coarse for my liking. The baklava ice cream, on the other hand, were wonderfully flavored. It wasn't overly sweet and I loved how there was honey ribbon and pieces of phyllo dough in the ice cream. Overall, I was pretty disappointed in their lamb chops because it was mediocre at best and I've definitely had much better and can personally do better. However, my faves were definitely the zucchini cakes and the baklava ice cream. And their service was very good, our server was knowledgeable about the menu and was kind enough to switch out our ice creams for the "special" ice cream. So without the great service it would have only warranted 2 stars but +1 star for amazing service. Definitely a little overrated among the Yelp community though, their lamb chops are not worth those 4.5 stars.
I've been here several times since they opened and have never been disappointed. We're a big fan of the crispy smelt appetizers.
This place is great, buuuuut... for a different crowd. My 20-something friend and self walked into this place for a birthday dinner. We ordered the famed zucchini cakes and grilled octopus. She ordered a glass of white, I ordered a glass of red (waiter's choice based on my entree, haha). Lamb shank was soft and juicy. Lamb skewer was flavorful but a bit more like ground beef texture than I cared to hope for. All in all $140. Definitely a place with a wonderful ambience for an intimate special occasion but the food probably won't bring me back.
Awesome place! solid food, service, everything. You can't go wrong by coming here.
This place is one of my faves in the Financial District. I frequently bring my colleagues here and find the special pork gyros to be divine. Portions trends towards the larger size, so I usually take half my lunch home for dinner (would otherwise pass out at my desk from food coma for half the afternoon). I'd give it five stars, but I want to try a few more high end Greek restaurants first so I know what I'm comparing this place to.
Decor is a bit formal and sterile, and the bar is a total singles scene for the 50+ crowd, but the food here rocks my world! Probably my favorite meal in SF!
Kokkari has the best Greek food that I ever had. The zucchini cakes and grilled octopus were delicious. What a nice start. The grilled lamb chops with potatoes were simple , yet filled with flavor. The grilled fish with local greens was very fresh. Out server, Krystal was very good and knowledgeable. She helped us make some great choices. The decor was warm and beautiful.Great food, great service. We will return!
Chris was our server, he was super helpful. Food was insane, service was equally as impressive. Go eat here, or else!
I get skeptical about "Mediterranean" restaurants, as the term is so general as to be vague. Also skeptical about giant restaurants.This place was a big hit. We opted to not even order individual entrees, but just graze on appetizers. Calamari was excellent. The stand out appetizer, for this Wisconsin girl, was the breaded SMELT (or "Shmelts!" if you're from dere, hey). YUM! I'd not had these for a long time, and really loved them.Also stellar was something I've never tried before (which I always opt for) - the yogurt sorbet wth strawberry granita. I usually opt for the sorbet option, but this was something special and very unusual.Nice restaurant!
My boyfriend and I came here on a late Saturday night, at 10pm, since that was the only open reservation. But we did call that same day, so yeah. I didn't mind though.The dim lights and the set up of the tables were really cute. Really really cute. We got seated at the other end of of the restaurant, and even at 10:30pm, it was packed. Our server was very friendly and informative, and very attentive. They give you complimentary bread and olives. We shared the calamari as an appetizer, and it was friggen delicious. It was stuffed with feta cheese and, DELICIOUS.My boyfriend got lamb and I got the Halibut. I liked his plate better, but mine was pretty good too.For dessert, we shared strawberry rice pudding. Yum.The total was about $90 before tip.A nice place to eat, with great service, and delicious food.
Unexpectedly good.Never heard of this place, but definitely glad I went there. Very good food - and unusual, too. It's rare to see a five-star Greek restaurant... most of them are $5 wraps and other junk-food like that... but this is true fine-dining, while it retains the real cuisine flavor.
WARNING THIS RESTAURANT is for 50 year old WHITE people. SF is usually known for the wide variety of diverse cultures and people, unfortunately this restaurant is NOT.1,406 reviews.. 4.5 stars.. what a bunch of lies.. this is beyond over hyped.. if you want to spending $150+ on a good restaurant don't waste your time and look at other highly rated yelp restaurantsOMG... I wished I had sorted the reviews based on lowest. Oh man I will never trust yelp sort again!All the negative reviews about this was true. Goodness if I had only taken more time to research how bad this restaurant was.. then I would have avoid this mess to begin with.Before you continue reading this review, please note that we are a married couple in our late 20's dressed in formal attire.CONS:-The man who seated us, probably the owner was absolutely rude. He didn't greet us, asked us how we were doing or even smiled during the entire waiting/seating process.- The seating is horrible.. my husband had to walk down two rows of tables before he could even sit down. I have to say that the seating layout did not make any sense at all. The weirdest thing was that we arrived pretty early around 5:45pm and they sited us in the most tightest spot possible, I was literally 2 inches away from the man next to me. When the man next to me was cutting his lamb chop he bumped into me a few times and excused him self. He even made some funny remarks about how cramped the space was. There were plenty of spaces available but I guess we didn't make the cut :/- SERVICE = what service? The waitress, a white blond lady with a bun pulled so tight it looked as though she just had one too many botox trips looked mean and off putting. She was the rudest server I have ever had. Note that I have eaten at fine establishments, such as Gary Danko, Michael Mina, and Chapeau just to name a few and for the price I am paying the service should match the food. When my husband asked what type of fish it was the dumbass waitress said well it's grilled and other is roasted.. no shit. What am I ten? He asked what fish is it.. not how it was prepared .. it was clearly written on the menu roasted and grill. I just looked at my husband like WTF?!?! are you kidding me?Now why do I say she is a racist? Well since we were sat so damn close to the couple next to us I could hear everything she said to them, she was warm and friendly, she brought comped desserts and oil/butter for their bread. Our table was never checked up on us, avoided us, and talked down to us as though we didn't have enough class or money to eat here. The bus boy/bread boy even had more class and politeness than her asking us how our day was and where we came from..-The food was really good but super oily.. there was no oil or butter for the bread.. the bread tasted as though it was left from yesterday. Sorry for the long review but here are the key take ways-Don't go here if your race is other than white, because they stick their noses in the air and treat you like trash because this establishment is only meant for white people-Over priced foods for something you can go to your local greek fast food cart -RUDE service from a waitress that doesn't even know what is on the menu.. that's just sadEven though the service was rude we decided to give a 25% tip, but I now regret doing so because as we left there was no thank you or even eye contact recognizing that we had left.. Kokkari Estiatorio you have left a sour taste in my mouth and I will NEVER return again!
3 and a half stars - really the extra half star for exquisite service. - I personally really enjoy a restaurant experience when the freshness and Flavors of my food really stand out and unfortunately this restaurant didn't deliver in the expectations set by having 4 1/2 stars on yelp. Food is good but nothing that really was a wow.We had two appetizers 1. Zucchini cakes - good not great, fried and just ok. 2. Fried cheese - not good very salty and basic. Entrees 1. Whole Cod - flavorless, nothing special here 2. Lamb chops - I was so exited to order this dish based on reviews, I always order lamb chops when ever I can at a restaurant. Honestly I wouldn't even put this dish in my top 5 lamb chop restaurant experiences- I have most definitely had better. Overall- not worth it - go somewhere else SF is such a great restaurant town and unfortunately this place is overrated.
Just came back from a wonderful dinner at Kokkari. When I called this week to reserve a table....they were booked, but the hostess was able to fit me in tonight for a 6:00 dinner.When we sat down, the restaurant was filled with gorgeous, beautiful people as always.......I just love checking out the ladies in their pretty outfits and heels.Oh well, we ordered the roast goose and my fav dish, the succulent and flavorful bone in rib eye steak.  The goose was prepared like their duck.....very rich, fatty and super tasty.  The rib eye steak (20 ounce) wassooooo flavorful.......full of pepper spices. Although this is not a steak house, its rib eye steak is as good as Morton's, Ruth's Chris or any other prime steak house.For desert, we had the baklava w/ ice cream and flourless chocolate cake w/ whipped cream. Both items were super good and finshed the meal with wonderful sweet flavors.Another great Greek meal!
Really great food, and a beautiful setting.
Love it! Love it! Love it!!This is absolutely my favorite restaurant anywhere! The atmosphere is cozy and cool, the staff are super fancy but not pretentious or snotty, and the food is absolutely wonderful!!I especially love Kokkari's selection of small plates so you can taste their variety of incredible dishes! Excellent for groups - more to taste!I'm not a vegetarian but I love veggies and most places seem to think of them as an after-thought. Not Kokkari - wow!! They've created delicious art pieces! The Roasted Beets and Brussels Sprouts are my favorite!The meat is also fabulous! The other night we had the rotisserie lamb and it melted in our mouths.Yes, this place is pricey! Very pricey but not insane and absolutely worth it especially if celebrating something special! From now on, all of my birthdays will be here!
Kokkari is hands down my favorite restaurant in SF. The service is outstanding, the food is always absolutely incredible and the old style interiors are warm and welcoming. I love it!
Excellent service and great food. Server really knew what she was talking about and so enthusiastic when she told us the specials. We pretty much ordered whatever she suggested. I read on Yelp that the moussaka is good. I thought it was very flavorful but sorta on the heavy side. Their roasted fish was amazing, so moist and flavorful. My only advice is make a reservation! We've tried twice for walk-ins but the wait was too long.
Never a bad moment!! Food is great, staff is good. Eye candy is nice also ;)
Kokkari may be my new "go to" restaurant. I'm not usually in this area, but with my new office space now just a block away, I can't imagine denying my tummy of this bliss.The tapanade they provide w/ the bread is SO good. I had to restrain myself from licking the ramikin! I also am obsessed with the Gigantes (no, not our SF Giants, but the giant beans appetizer!) and the Spanikopita. Lastly, the chicken souvlaki (or lamb) is so tender, flavorful, and delish, I want it for breakfast, lunch and dinner.The only cluster is trying to get to the bathroom. Don't wait too long...the elevator can take awhile.Love...
Strengths:  -Zucchini Cakes -Lamb chops medium rare tasted like a good steak -Fish portions were hugeDevelopment Areas: -Provide some sauce or butter to go along with the free breadHow to get to 5 stars: -Find larger sheep for the lamb chops
For dinner we had roast lamb and a white fish special. The food and service were excellent; very knowledgeable of their menu. I would recommend trying the greak coffee!
Went here for a friend's birthday and had a great experience. Pricey, but the food is very unique/fresh and they have a full bar. In addition, the staff is very attentive and the decor is top notch.
I've been here a dozen times, because it's near the "Advertising ghetto" where I work. The food is absolutely amaze balls! I've literally tried almost everything they have here. I refuse to sit here and type everything I ate. My fave dishes whenever I come with a group are as follows: -Appetizer: Saghanaki, Greek Salad (Btw, they serve you warm pita bread. Oh and get the dipping sauces!)-Entree: MOUSSAKA. (MUST-TRY!!!!!!!)Sadly, I've always been so full after leaving here that I've never tried their dessert. Oh well.
I've been here a few times and each time I marvel on how well run the place is for such a big restaurant. It's always packed, the food is always good and the service is always excellent. It's a great restaurant for groups or a business dinner, and a fun date place as well. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because our special of the day, a roast duck, was overlooked. I was a little surprised because they generally excel at anything grilled or roasted, but this duck was definitely over roahsted. Other than that everything was great. A whole grilled sardine (tasty but beware if the little kbones), and moussaka rich light cheesy top. The lamb chops are pricey but about the best lamb chops you will ever have. Really...For dessert the galactoboureko is quite good. Custard in a flaky pastry tube with creme fraiche ice cream. Reservations are hard to get, book at least 2 weeks out. it really is great people watching. The atmosphere and good food draws a little bit of everything.
A-MA-ZING Food! A-MA-ZING Bill!Beautiful rustic decor. Skilled bartenders (passed my Sazarac test*!). The meal itself was heaven. The "goat stew" (braised goat, fetta, cous-cous) was truly one of the best dishes I've ever had in my life! A taste of my friend's souvlaki, was a close second. The wait staff was charming and attentive, and very patient with our changing requests.But of course, for such excellent food and service, one must pay, and the bill was accordingly hefty. I was fortunate in that my friends generously picked up the tab. I highly recommend having such friends for these occasions. ;-)* My "Sazerac test" consists of: A) Do they know what it is or do they just give a blank stare? B) Do they know how to make one or do they ask me to provide a recipe? C) Do they have the ingredients (absinthe, rye, bitters)? and D) Do they make it well or does it taste like liquorice candy?
I dont think this place needs much more praise but it really does and I am gonna give it. One of the best meals in the city. I love greek food to begin with. The feta, the rosemary, the lamb! Oh, the lamb. Superkalafrajalestic exellent! The atmosphere is warm and inviting, just like a greek mother is- or at least from what I saw in "My big fat greek wedding". The service was top notch. Its a pricey dinner, so its not something to go for everyday. Its a treat with no tricks! You do have to call for reservations because you will not get a table by just walking in. Parking will take a while because you are in the financial district. But that headache goes away the minute you taste the food! Yummo!
I have frequented this restaurant many times but this was by far the best experience I have ever had there. We sat in the main dining room with amazing ambiance, a beautiful fire with roasting pig and lush flower arrangements all around. Our waitress was extremely friendly, knowledgeable and very attentive to our needs. For starters we ordered Saghanaki -a pan fried Kefalotiri cheese with lemon & oregano, the Arnisia Plevrakia -grilled lamp riblets [ they melt in your mouth] and tempura fava beans -were cooked perfectly. WE loved it! Everything was so good and paired perfectly with Gundlach Bundschu, Merlot, Sonoma Valley '10. I had fresh grilled Sea Bass with braised greens, lemon & Cretan olive oil for my main entree. Yum! But our dessert was so Delicious -Galaktoboureko - Semolina custard in filo with Meyer lemon spoon sweet & creme fraiche ice cream with a double espresso. I eat out often but seldom write reviews. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that wants a superb Greek food experience.
Okay food. nothing too fancy. riblets were pretty dry. smelts were okay. fried cheese was super lemony.
One of the best restaurants in San Francisco and great for larger parties. I have been here a couple times over the past few months. Once was for a birthday party which included 15 guests. The service was fabulous, we shared lots of appetizers and our overall experience was great! Some would get annoyed with 15 people drinking 15 bottles of wine but their staff did not mind!Zucchini Cakes = fabulousCheese Pies = how can you not get these?Can't wait to come back!
Kokkari is quickly becoming my favorite Greek/Medi restaurant. Looks can be deceiving. From the outside you'd think it's an average sized restaurant with a small wooden door entrance. In reality the place is HUGE, probably takes up half the block, including a lower level with a beautiful private group dining room. The decor and atmosphere is excellent.. for some reason we always end up sitting at the large wooden table in front of the fireplace with the bread loaves every single time. Kokkari never ceases to impress; from outstanding service to the outrageously delish/generously portioned fresh food and the rustic feel throughout. Some of my fav. items include the following:Lamb Burger (i usually opt out for lamb.. but the quality of the ground meat and the way they spiced this burger is unbelievably good)Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata with housemade grilled pita (different kinds of hummus and spread)Lamb or Beef Souvlaki - skewered or sometimes just plated Char or other fish of the dayYou won't be disappointed.
I love Greek/Mediterranean cuisine. So when we received a gift certificate to Kokkari, we went! The reservation availabilities on Opentable.com are limited, we managed to get a table for 2 on the day before by calling the restaurant directly. Yes, reservations are hard to come by. When we were there on a Sunday evening, the place was packed and Kokkari is a good size restaurant with 2 dining rooms and a full bar. So, if you want to go, make your reservation early. Also the attire is dressy.During this visit, we had 6 courses between the 2 of us. For appetizer, we shared:GRILLED OCTOPUS DRIZZLED WITH LEMON JUICE AND OLIVE OIL. Octopus was grilled perfectly and still tender. Very fresh and appetizing. OVEN CURED PORK WITH JULIENNED APPLES AND RAW BEETS. Essentially Greek's style prochuitto. Meh! Nothing outstanding to report on this dish. The thinly sliced ham was very mild, not smoky and not a whole lot of flavor to say the least. It was mediocre in my opinion. We should have stick to our gun and order the fried cheese, but instead we went with the server's recommendation. For our main courses:I opted for the GRILLED WHOLE BRONZINO, which was the right choice. The whole fish came in a huge platter and the fish is roasted over the open fire oven, then deboned leaving only the fish fillets with the head and tail still intact and a side of sauted pea shoots. The grilled Bronzino was light, very fresh and flaky. All it needed was a squeeze of fresh lemon juice and a drizzle of good olive oil. It was so tasty and absolutely satisfying. Must love fish to order this dish. My only suggestion on improving this dish is that the restaurant staff would bring the entire grilled fish out to the table and deboned it table side before the customer. That would really make the experience so much more memorable and add a wow factor! Something I experienced when I ordered whole fish in Europe. For meat lovers like my dining companion, he had the GRILLED LAMB CHOPS with OVEN ROASTED POTATOES WEDGES. I had a few bites and the lamb was so tender and it melted like butter in my mouth. Good seasoning on the outer crispy crust and grilled to medium pink. The potatoes were also super tasty and had a hint of cinnamon. Very generous portion - you get 3 whole lamb chops, which was a lot of meat.Then for our desserts: We had the BAKLAVA with VANILLA PRALINE ICE-CREAM and the FILO DOUGH with MAYER LEMON CUSTARD and VANILLA ICE-CREAM. If you had baklava before, you can imagine this is a dessert on the sweet side. Surprisingly the vanilla and praline ice-cream wasn't as sweet as the baklava. Unlike other baklava, Kokkari's has more nuts and only 2 thin layers of filo dough on the top and base instead of multiple layers in the middle. The filo dough pastry with custard was a better choice. The warm custard is not very sweet, but very creamy and silky. The filling and the filo pastry are a match made in heaven. I highly recommend this dessert over the baklava. Our server was very friendly and attentive even though he had a full house that evening. He made some recommendation for the appetizer (cured ham) that we went with, but wasn't too impressed about it and realized that our server may have very different taste than we do and decided to stick with our guns on the entre choices. We received good table services but the staff and were happy to learn that the owners are actually Greek and some of the recipes are from the family recipe book. I can't say Kokkari is exactly affordable. Our 6-course with 2 glasses of wine, 2 cups of tea and a bottle of sparkling water came out to be $190 including tax and gratuity. We had just came back from France and for the same amount of courses, plus 4 glasses of wine and a bottle of water was only $150 and that was in a very good rating restaurant in Paris. Overall our dining experience at Kokkari is an enjoyable one.
Great Octopus - never had mollusks like theirs until today. Great Galaktoboureko (Semolina custard in filo with blood orange spoon sweet & creme fraiche ice cream). Actually that dessert was damn good. Service was wonderful too. The waiter was also kind enough to let us watch how their Greek coffee was made over heated sand. Pretty cool.Decor was nice too. They had a pork being slow roasted over the central fire place.
My wife and I came here for our second anniversary. Lately we had been underwhelmed at many 'nice' dinners out as we are both really good cooks and can create pretty special meals at home. Makes it tough when you spend a pile of $ on something you could have done as well at home. But Kokkari was a great experience from first dish to last. First, though the place itself makes you feel grown up and cared for. High celings, sturdy tables with high back upholstered chairs that are wonderfully comfy. Not too loud, huge fireplace roasting meat in clear view, a very good feel. The waiter seemed to have been there forever, knew the menu top to bottom, was attentive and funny as hell.The food itself was outstanding. Great sour dough (Acme I think) Deep fried fava beans were wonderful, but by the time you read this, they may not make them anymore as the waiter told us the beans are tender enough for this treatment for only a week or so. Zucchini cakes with a cucumber yogurt sauce was delicious, as were the lamb meatballs. We split a special ravioli dish that with butternut squash....it was very good, but not up to the appetizers. On a return, I think we'd just order all appetizers as the dip combo with pita looked amazing at the table next to us. Lastly, while we didn't want dessert, they brought us out a delicious sorbet with fruit and a creamy icy sauce somewhere between melting ice cream and creme fraiche. Just a wonderful meal, excellent service and picked up a few things we will do at home, a perfect outcome.
The saghanaki (a semi-hard cheese fried in oregano and oil, then finished with lemon juice) was an absolute knock out. I get sweaty thinking about it when it's not even hot out...anyway, the appetizers were all really good. The halibut was...just bland. No other way to put it I'm afraid. My buddy got the raviolis, which were excellent! If I go again, I'd be happier making a meal out of the appetizers. Once again...fried...cheese.
I love the atmosphere here and the food is always really good. My only complaint is that they were really rude to us when we brought my 6 month old in. You could tell they wanted nothing to do with us and thought he would be a nuisance. If he was, we would leave him at home, but he's a really good and happy baby. It was just sad to see one of of our favorite restaurants treat us so poorly cause of someone we treasure so much.
This is my daughters fav restaurant...so we went for her Bday. Even though it was a late (9:45pm) dinner...the service and food were absolutely wonderful. The ambience was warm and comfortable and even though I am sure the staff was exhausted at the end of the evening, it never showed. A terrific special occasion place. The lamb shanks were terrific as was the hummus appetizer.
Never disapoints! My wife and I celebrated my 35th there yesterday, (in the past we also introduced our parents here, and celebrated my 30th. This is hands down my favorite restaurant in SF over the past 13 years. And for the past 13 years I've been trying to figure out what sets this place apart from everyone else: Comfort food, High Quality + Attention to Detail, the staff are extremely friendly and accomodating. A+
Oh so fabulous!!!! Great date place! We will def be back for more .... Arrive early, arrive often :))
Kokkari how do I love thee, let me count the ways! From the warm atmosphere to the attentive yet unobtrusive wait-staff and, yes, delicious food it all adds up to a memorable dining experience.And the food, the yummy food! I dream about the fried smelt appetizer between visits! And the lamb shank entree is always falling off the bone tender! Year after year, visit after visit, Kokkari continues to woo my palate back.It's not to say other dishes aren't great too. The grilled calamari appetizer is tender and unlike most any calamari appetizer you'll encounter elsewhere. The giant beans, the roasted beets, the grilled meatballs all have been winners. If you're in a large group sharing items, traditional favorites like dolmas and spanikopita are also worth adding to the order, though I'd shy away from them for a smaller group or a couple.As I said before, I'm a sucker for the lamb shank entree. Definitely my favorite item on the menu with the fork tender meat that braising creates vs, say, their grilled lamb chop. That said, this past visit I got the goat stew special and my girlfriend got the whole roasted fish and both were delicious; the goat was not a bit gamey and the fish was perfectly cooked. There is not much on the menu I wouldn't recommend but I would, however, skip the dry-aged ribeye. At $39 it's the most expensive item on the menu and didn't seem worth it for the quality of the steak. If you're hankering for a great steak go to a steakhouse.My usual dessert is the Greek yogurt with dates and honey. Simple and so tasty! And don't forget the Greek coffee after your meal. It's like Turkish coffee with the gounds at the bottom of the cup so sip gently!My only gripe about Kokkari would be almost never being seated on time for our reservations. It's usually been at least a 10-15 minute wait at the bar with one time stretching to almost 45 minutes.
I liked the food, it wasn't bad and not amazing like most people make it seem to be. I went here last Monday with my boss for lunch. I was happy that they still sat us although we were a good 10-15 mins late from our reservation time. The hostess was warm and polite. The place is nicely decorated, totally reflects the food. The menu was simple, not too many choices which is nice for power lunches. We ordered: Apps: meatballs (yummy, 4 meatballs) and brussel sprouts (sauteed in garlic and bacon - yummy). Entrees: I ordered the chicken dish with roasted veggies. Tasty, not dry, overall healthy yummy dish. My boss ordered the pork chops. He has ordered it in the past so I'm sure he likes it. Dessert: my boss is too healthy for that so we didn't get any. I think this place is great for work lunches if you work nearby. I don't think I would go out of my way to eat here if I had other options for dinner, but not saying that it's bad, just not my top choice.
Kokkari - I love you! I think back on my meals there with great fondness.Having grown up with my family's best friends being Greek, I was introduced to the wondrous delicacies of Greek cuisine from a young age. From handcarved gyros with tangy yogurt sauce at the Greek festival in the summer, to the flakiest, not-too-sweet loveliness of homemade galaktaboureko, I've been under the culinary spell of Greek food for awhile. So when my best friend told me that she discovered Kokkari, I hightailed it there on an empty stomach. Not only is the food fantastic, but the restaurant boasts a beautiful, large yet comfy bar that is welcoming to single diners. I was told that on occasion in the main dining room, there will even be a whole lamb roasting in the open fireplace - amazing!The menu was exciting - the usual suspects (spanakopita, moussaka, and dolmathes) were being oohed+ahhed over two seats down, but I went for fried smelts, the grilled meatballs in tomato and yogurt sauce, and the BEST galaktaboureko (accompanied by a stunning coconut ice cream) I've ever had. (Sorry Mrs. K! Yours is an extremely close #2) Zucchini cakes, kalamari, and lamb "lollipops" were the second meal and just as amazing as the first. Even though I wanted to try other restaurants on my short trip to SF, I HAD to come back to Kokkari the next day for more. I hope to continue working my way through their amazing menu!
If you love Greek/Mediterranean food than this is your place! I have enjoyed Kokarri half a dozen times now and have never been disppointed. It can be a bit pricey but i feel it is worth every penny!The lamb is amazing and i'm not sure if i can get anythign else off the menu at this point!  We've all been there....Don't judge me and try it!
Everything we had here was fabulous, including the service.Mike P. was our waiter and he made our whole experience enjoyable- totally friendly and warm with a great sense of humor. He gave us great menu suggestions and our group of 11 was happy with all of them.We chose to order a lot of small plates (probably about 20 of them) plus 6 entrees and some sides- the amount of food was perfect while allowing us to try many things on the menu. My favorite small plates were the feta cheese (SO fresh!), the grilled octopus and the lamb riblets and my favorite entree was definitely the goat stew. Everything was fantastic.A great spot for special occasions or even just an occasion.
++++ on the Lamb Shanks. Oh. My. God. Can't say enough good things about this place. As is almost all good things in life, it's pricey. But your taste buds really get to party here.
I went here based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews, but was not equally amazed as other people. I guess you have to try their lamb chops to get the full experience, but since I don't eat lamb, I got the chicken. It just tasted standard. My fiancee got the sea bass and it wasn't anything fantastic. I don't have anything bad to say about either dish, but I'm not raving about them to anyone either. The place isn't cheap and you are paying a lot for the ambiance, but if you like lamb, maybe this place could be your cup of tea. All that said, I did thoroughly enjoy the zucchini cakes.
MezethesFeta sto Furno (greek baked feta) - rich, salty, firm, exotic experience for a guy that isn't educated on mediterannean cuisine.Kalamari - pleasantly cooked, with lemon. perhaps my least favorite dish.Kolokithokeftethes (zucchini cakes w/ cucumber and mint yogurt dressing) - they got it backwards. revision: cucumber and mint yogurt dressing......w/ zucchini cakes. the yogurt dressing is a sublime product. absolute gold. dannon should be jealous.Kirio PiatoGaleos (halibut) - a tasty hali. nothing showy here. fresh fish with fresh vegetables.Psari Psito (v. sea bass) - perfectly cooked bass. flaky, silky juices, lemon and grilled fish, yah dogg!!Kokinisto me Manestra (lamb shank) - lamb shank is currently my favorite dish at the moment. this is the best version of it i've had to date. woke up the next morning thinking about it. lingered in my mind throughout the afternoon. thought about it in the shower when i got home from work. thought about it during dinner. thought about it before counting sheep.
After visiting Kokkari thrice in the last year and Greece this past September, I finally feel familiar enough with Greek cuisine to judge it. The food at Kokkari is indisputably good, but it's the restaurant itself that you will remember. It feels like a Mediterranean palace--earthy, rustic, old world-charming, and one of the most beautiful restaurants in the Bay Area IMO.While there's something for everyone on the menu and everything on the menu is tasty, nothing is outstanding (to me). Outstanding is the truffle pasta at Acquerello, the beef tartare at Chez Papa Resto, and the barbecued ribs at Oola. At Kokkari I'm less impressed with the food than I am with the fireplace, drapes, woodwork, and flowers. This isn't to say the food isn't enjoyable... because it is. Believe me.A few delicious appetizers I've tasted include zucchini cakes, grilled octopus, and beef tongue (a special). My favorite entre is the moussaka, which appears bottomless and is even better than the ones I've had in Greece! Kokkari's moussaka renders all other casseroles of lamb, eggplant, and potato irrelevant. If you MUST have something else, the lamb chops are fork-tender and the ravioli tastes like spring. For dessert you simply can't go wrong with anything wrapped in filo and topped with crme fraiche.Kokkari can be expensive but worthwhile for a celebration or even for a change of scenery (at times the SF food scene seems too French or too Asian). Depending on what you order, you could leave paying $25 or $100. Sure, I could get the best-of-my-life beef kebab for $3 or grilled octopus for $9 in Mykonos, but it doesn't come with Aegean romance and American service--not to mention I'd have to fork over $1000+ for the flight there. For Greek in SF it doesn't get more godly than Kokkari. I would love to have dinner here for Valentine's Day. Haha. All right, shameless solicitation done.
My boyfriend and I celebrated our two year anniversary here. We had a wonderful dinner mostly because of our amazing server by the name of Abel! He was great because he is discreet but very aware, very attentive but never over the top and gave us great drink recommendations to pair with our meal. The food was good too but he made our time there very relaxed and enjoyable. So if you plan to go there ask to be seated in Abel's section. You will be very satisfied not only with the food but with Abel's impeccable service!
The lamb chops are to die for....wait, don't kill yourself. :) They're prepared on an open flame, quite tasteful and very juicy, for lack of a better term.I've always gotten great service...it's such a classy joint, but not pretentious. Awesome wine selection as well. I had my very first bottle of Prisoner here. bon appetit!
I completely relied on Yelp to find a special restaurant for a special friend's birthday lunch. Kokkari did not disappoint. It even exceeded my expectations. We both had the whole grilled fish (sole and seabass) for our main entrees but the desserts stole the show! We had the Galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with quince spoon sweet & pistachio ice cream; and the Sokolatina - flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream. I thought my friend would lick the plates already as he said he was experiencing a tongue-gasm! Our server was professional yet friendly, attentive and sweet. Ambience is top notch. Make sure you are seated at the fireplace area as that part of the restaurant has that old world feel and makes the experience more special (and romantic). Even the restrooms were elegant!
Love this restaurant! Food is excellent and so is the staff. Parking as we know in SF is bad so if you have reservations go early so you can find parking on the street! I highly recommend this place!
Came here for the second time and was disappointed. The waiter was not as attentive this time and the food not the best. The appetizers were the best part and so was the bread. The first time I was there they had a selection of breads but this time they just had one type, but it was still good. I also had to ask for olives this time, which they use to give right away before but didn't this time. The halibut I had was fine but nothing spectacular. It was served over lentils which were in a lot of oil for some reason. The lamb dinners and the moussaka others at the table had were not enjoyable at all, and were served warm, not hot. The deserts were good but not as enjoyable after the so so meal. Pretty disappointing and probably not worth coming back to since there are so many options.
Warm ambiance. Definitely need to make reservations in advanced this place books quickly. Interesting layout with three different spaces. Wood fire oven to set the mood. For starters fried oysters, lamb meat balls and cucumber cakes. Just the right portion and plenty of flavor. Sea bass for din din. Fresh and not overly seasoned or buttered. Finished the evening with baklava delish.
I've always loved watching SATC (Sex in the City) but I never really imagined to be living out one of the episodes. Well on Friday night, Mike and I did.Remember the episode where Harry takes Charlotte to eat at a fancy french restaurant and they had a five course meal only to consummate their love with a visit to the porcelain god? Well, we weren't eating french, and we didn't throw up, but our experience at Kokkari Estiatorio literally scared us from coming back again.Perhaps we should have not only ordered a variety of appetizers and should have opted to try some of the entrees instead but we thought it would be fun to try a variety of the dishes and we had heard so many good things about this restaurant from colleagues we really were expecting something dynamic.We ordered Saghanaki (fried cheese), calamari stuffed with feta, lamb riblets, grilled meatballs, Melitzanosalata with pita bread (eggplant spread), and the roasted prawns with tomatoes.The saghanaki was a little too salty as was the calamari. The prawns were a little overcooked. The lamb riblets, grilled meatballs and the spread were good though.We commend our server for her excellent service but unfortunately after a scary post-culinary experience of feeling inexplicably sick where we were holding our stomachs and feeling ill, we will not be going back.
Great restaurant! Our server, Kostas, was an entertaining Greek gentleman who took the time to talk to us and make us feel welcome. Food was all delicious and Kostas was able to suggest an excellent pairing from their extensive (though pricy) wine list. Stand out dishes were their Octopus appetizer (the best I've had outside of Europe), the lamb shank, and Baklava.Definitely the best dining experience I have had in San Francisco!
Possibly the best restaurant in the city. Enough said!
I thought that this restaurant was very nice and the hostesses were great but I thought that it didn't deserve all the hype. I will say that they have a great wine list, good desserts and their zucchini pancakes are amazing but I thought that the main dishes were average. I ordered the lamb and it was not wonderful, I thought it was a little to gamey. My friend ordered their fresh catch and it was good but not great. If you want to try this place, I would sit at the bar and get drinks and appetizers and save yourself the effort of getting reservations.
So the lamb chops here (rack of lamb) are definitely legit. I've been wanting to try this place out and I am glad I finally did. They come grilled perfectly - and served with nice spices and flavor without being overly salty or too bland. I asked for medium, and it came perfectly medium. Others in my party ordered the sea bass (special of the day) , and also the sole. Both gave very good feedback on their dish. Tough to get seated here, but they were able to accommodate us as walk in guests.
Talk about beautiful ambience, amazing service, fabulous aromas in the air and such delicious food! From the moment we were sat next to the cozy fireplace to the last bite of goat stew I was smitten. I highly recommend the goat stew! It was perfectly seasoned, tender as it should be and the orzo bed underneath was heavenly. We also enjoyed their peking duck, which was seasoned with a good amount of garlic and lemon...very Greek. The only small defect I found was the oil-ness of some dishes. I mean it's Greek food right, still it was a bit oily for my taste...however it takes nothing away from elegance of flavor. If you want a full experience go to Kokkari.
Excellent food and excellent service!
A special occasion MUST! Don't miss their saghanaki, smelts, grilled octopus, and amazing melt in your mouth goat stew...
Best Greek restaurant I've been to in the States. A must go!!!All dishes are truly authentic Greek, not american fusion Greek. The Avgolemono Soup
First of all, LOVE the ambiance of this place...perfect for date night, clients, or celebrating with family. The boyfriend and I made reservations on a Sunday night at 8:15 and the place was packed, but we were seated promptly. To start, we had the octopus and lamb riblets - both are amazing and highly-recommended.For the main course, we ordered the rotisserie lamb and the special sea bass - the fish practically melted apart in my mouth, and the lemon and seasoning was entirely on point, but the steamed greens that was served with it was kind of on the bland side - I'm still not sure exactly what type of leafy green it was, but since everything else was so good, including the service, I could forgive that. Lamb shank or chops would've been a better choice of lamb, since the meat on this cut was quite thick, but the sauce was great along with the potatoes and I'm sure either of those cuts would've been phenominal. For dessert, we ordered the rice pudding and a special baklava with pistachios and lemon-sage ice cream -amaze! Will definitely be coming back here again - :)
I read the great reviews that Kokkari gets from others and I wonder to myself if my palate is just that different from everyone else's or if San Franciscans just go easy on the place because Kokkari has become somewhat of an Institution. I think it is the latter.Kokkari is "ho-hum" at best. Nothing about the food screams "wow" or justifies the price you pay. The service and ambiance, however, is quite good.My meal began with the Favosalata (similar to hummus) and the grilled octopus. The Favosalata was pretty good, but then again it is easy to get what essentially amounts to bean paste correct. The grilled octopus was okay. It was slightly overcooked (making it a bit rubbery) and lacked flavor. A far far cry from Bottega's grilled octopus (which is amazing if you follow my reviews or have tried both dishes at both restaurants). For my entree I ordered the grilled lamb chops with potatoes as my server informed me that Kokkari had recently gotten some special lambs from a local ranch. The lamb chops where cooked well but fairly bland. The potatoes were basically steak fries. Beyond my three small lamb chops and some steak fries there was essentially nothing else on my plate. I spent most of my meal sneaking bites from my fiance's beef short-rib pasta which was actually pretty good.Being that we were dining with another couple, I also got to try the lamb souvlaki (which was over cooked) and the grilled fish of the night (which was fairly bland). All and all, my dining experience at Kokkari was nothing to remember. I'll probably be back again . . . but not by choice.
Very good authentic Greek food. Their mezes (appetizers) and ouzo go well together.
I was suppose to come here for a company dinner back in February, but because it was fully booked we went somewhere else instead. I heard many good things about this place and decide to take one of my good friend here for his birthday recently. I've never had Greek food before so i wasn't to sure what I should be expecting.We ordered the Kalamari- it's feta, fennel & orange with black olives stuffed inside a calamari, it was delicious! The feta was not too over powering with just the right amount of cheesiness for my taste. The whole thing just kind of melts inside your mouth. For our entrees, I ordered the Mosharisia Plevra- beef short ribs braised with garlic & red wine vinegar over hilopites hand made pasta. The beef short ribs just falls off the bones and melts in your mouth. You can barely taste the garlic in it, but can definitely taste the red wine vinegar, but it wasn't too over powering. The hand made pasta was just perfect. He ordered the Arnisio Souvlaki- spiced lamb skewer. I had a piece of it and it was really soft and you can't taste the lamb at all. I usually don't eat lamb because i don't like the taste of lamb smell in my mouth. There's a small side of Greek sauce which is strained yogurt. The sauce really brings the lamb together.I will definitely be back again for another dinner. Our server was super nice and friendly. The atmosphere was charming and gives a very classic fee. You can see the chicken and pork being grill at their open stone oven.
After an initial awkward seating position, it was all up. We changed to a table where my wife and I could speak face-to-face. Our new waiter was even better, very helpful on wine selections and explaining the menu. It was a surprise that my better half had chosen a Greek establishment as she mainly goes Italian or Mexican. While I'm not a huge lamb lover, if you are, get your reservation now, they have an expansive list of choices, they also had goat, but that's another topic.The interior of the restaurant is very fun, feels very rustic, with exposed beams and lots of natural textures. Aside from her chicken being great and my roast pork, the roasted potatoes, olives and the complimentary dessert (our anniversary) of blood orange flavored shaved ice with a frozen greek yogurt in the middle, I really should have taken some pictures!
Went here on a date with an ex-ibanker who enjoys good food but has a higher threshold for froof than I do. Definitely more pretentious than my usual SF destinations, but the food was on par. The older, conservative, scene (hello valet parking), made me feel like I was supposed to have gone with my parents. We sat at the bar and the bartender was grouchy and rude. That said, he helped us pick a great wine to go with our order and warmed up in the end by topping off our wine glasses free of charge. The moussaka was seasoned just right, and the lamb riblets were juicy. Sidenote - I had an awesome cab ride with a Greek driver the other day. When I asked him about the best greek food in the city, he said "Kokkari, for sure" without hesitation.
L'endroit est trs sympa, je n'avais jamais vu un restaurant grec dans ce style... 2 grandes salles trs haut de plafond, immense chemine avec un vrai feu, immense bar. Atmosphre latine. C'est bon, produits de qualit, mais c'est... FUCKING CHER ! Surtout les vins. Je mettrais 4 toiles si les prix cognaient moins.
Not many entrees for vegetarians, but multiple delicious appetizers made our evening.great ambience and wine selection!
I love this place, especially when someone else is paying the bill. Everything on the menu is amazing. I especially love the grilled octopus and the lamb chops.  This is a SF dining experience not to be missed. Be prepared to shell out some serious $$$ though. Also, you need to make reservations way in advance or you won't get a table. The only negative is that the tables are very close together but the environment is otherwise very nice.
OMG! We found this toats by accident! I came here, my first time, with my bro and mom. My bro and I wanted to com here because it almost sounded like "KOKKIRI," you know, the village from the game "Zelda" for Nintendo64! Well, the food was amazing! But I dont remember much about it because the first time I came here was in 2004, hella long ago. There was one thing that stuck with me, and made me go back, the way to the bathroom, and the bathroom towel paper! Yup, that made wanna go back, they just looked so freaking cool! So, in 2010, I told my boyfriend about this amazing place that I've gone to when I was a kid, and being the awesome boyfriend that he is, he takes me there. The service was fantastic, the server was incredibly knowledgeable about the food. He actually described without saying the following sentence which most servers use in other restaurants:"It's actually really good, like, OMG, like, it's our best seller!"instead he said:"The Lamb is so tender that it falls off the bone. The meat is drizzled with olive oil, and seasoned perfectly. You will really enjoy this dish, it's fantastic."See the difference? yah.Okay, so the food really was made to perfection, so freaking YUMMY! Also, guess what? I went to the restroom to wash my hands, and I saw the awesome way to the restroom, and those awesome paper towels were still there! Yay! We came here again for our anniversary and the service and food were wonderful again! We always have a great time here. OH! This restaurant was the one that made my boyfriend fall in love with lamb meat, he always wants lamb now! lolKokkari, you're awesome!
Let's not pretend, Kokkari is a pretentious place in the FiDI and if filled with a lot of pretentious (bankers primarily) people on the bar. Greek food is my favorite and when I crave some, I go to Mezze on Chestnut vs. Kokkari. The food at Kokkari is OK, I can say that I have had better.
Possibly my favorite restaurant. Zucchini cakes are staple. Love the halibut. When they are in season....fried squash blossoms are about the best food in the world!!!! Make reservations or walk in for lunch. Hot spot.
Decent. Need to try again.
Pretty excellent all-around. There's not much I can add beyond the thousand-or-so other reviews here, except to emphasize that, while this isn't an inexpensive restaurant, I feel it's very reasonably priced for the quality of food, wine (there's an $8 glass of grenache that's wonderful), service, and ambiance. I think this is the reason that this restaurant continues to thrive in the economic downturn, while others of its caliber are ostensibly suffering somewhat.The only thing I would like to be different is for the entrees to have a little vegetable content on the side, both for enhanced presentation and for the sake of not having to order extra mezes in order to balance what is already a large meal.
Came here Sunday night with some friends of mine. I found saw the great reviews that this place had, so I decided to make reservations here for our triple date.Loved the ambiance of this restaurant, dimly lite, great architecture, and it wasn't too noisy. Our waiter was really nice, he was very informative, taught a few greek phrases, and made our experience enjoyable.Everyone seemed to enjoy their main courses:People ordered their lamb specialty, lamb chops, braised short ribs with pasta, and grilled sea bass. We also shared their zucchini cakes which were amazing, and also grilled octopus.For dessert, some people ordered their bakalava, they found it to be a bit too sweet. I ordered...this eggroll thing stuffed with custard..it was really good. It was really hot, sweet, and the icecream next to it made it all go together.Prices were very reasonable...each couple spent around $132-- that's for wine, appetizer, main dishes, and dessert...tax and tip.Great experience! They have a sister restaurant out in Palo Alto-- so it'll be nice to having to trek all the way out to the city.
My boyfriend and I came here during a quick getaway to SF. We had heard great things about this place and couldn't wait to try it. Being Greek and growing up on traditional Greek food, we knew this place would have to really live up to it's expectations to get this kind of review...and it definitely did! The top 3 awesome things we experienced:1. Ambience-we first got here and it was homey feeling and packed with a classy crowd. 2. Service- Everyone from the door to our waiter, to other waiters were so generous and accommodating. My boyfriend needed to use the restroom (twice) and was walked down (through elevator etc) to the restroom. Such service! We also got a nice Galatoboureko treat for our anniversary!3. FOOD!!- AMAZING. We shared the octopus, calamari, saganaki and xoriatiki salata to start. All there just melted in our mouths! The seafood was fresh, cooked very traditionally (grilled not fried) and was delicious. We ended the night with some of the best lamb chops i have ever had! I will definitely be going back here, as i have a lot more on the menu to try! Please treat yourself to a wonderful night and go here! You wont regret it :)
Two words: LAMB SHANK.Walked by this restaurant and went in on a whim during one of our random date nights. The place is extremely warm & inviting. The service was top-notch.The food is to die for!
Zucchini Cakes ROCKED!My chicken not so much.
Food is great, place is very noisy and crowded. staff is not friendly.
amazing as usual. a little packed but it's obvious why
Grilled branzino and lamp chops are delicious.  If you want a sure bet with no screw ups - such as for someone's birthday or special occasion - eat here.
Loved celebrating my birthday here! Had the fish and lamb chops, delicious! Brought out a special birthday dessert as well!
Always had great meals here. I mostly went for business lunches and dinners and enjoyed it. A few times the service was a bit slow. They have some very cool private dinning rooms for bit parties.
Great service. Exquisite food. Comfy seating. What else could you ask for. I had the grilled Branzino special and my wife had the Lamb chops. Both were fantastic as were the country pate and zucchini cakes as a starter. The flourless chocolate cake was so rich and fabulous that wife, a true connoisseur of chocolate took the remains home and couldn't finish it the next morning. Check this place out!!!!
I heard Kokkari is famous for their lamb chop but unfortunately I do not eat lamb thus I ordered the Mosharisia Brizola instead. The chief cooked the medium rare steak perfectly! It was juicy, pink, tender, melted in my mouth..mmhmm! Will definitely go back and try other dishes!
Excellence in all dimensions. I walked in solo, no reservation. The hostess said she had just enough tables for reservations. Then she bit her lip and said "if I could have the table back by 8 o'clock, I could fit you in." She added "it's 10 to 7 so that's not much time." I so appreciated her negotiation. I wasn't interested in a long dinner but a great dinner. I was out by 8.Waiter Sarah was awesome -- very welcoming and a marvelous host. The decor, food, everything was just great. Not overdone or underdone, just perfect. I'll be back.
Decided to come here for our anniversary and I'm glad we did! Our waiter was very knowledgeable and had this way of explaining the food so that we could practically taste it. Got the grilled octopus (great), rotisserie lamb special (awesome), and the sheep stew (incredible). Definitely want to come back here again for another special occasion!
Ughmazeballs! I was surprised one night and taken here and it was delicious. I highly recommend the feta stuffed Calamari. I have been to greece 3 times in my life and can say that this place has a great spin on greek food!
Fancy, delicious Greek/Mediterranean food. Great service, clean venue, and cool catacomb-like bathrooms downstairs!
Dined here back in January. Everything was good or excellent. Even the olive oil was on point and noticeably delicious. I ordered a dry martini with a house gin and it had an excellent flavor- sort of lemon/citrusy. If I go back, I'd probably skip dessert and get another cocktail. Definitely enjoyed myself. The wait staff was as professional as it gets.
Amazing, one of the best restaurants in the city, everything is delicious and the staff is friendly :).
This place is has to be THE BEST place to get your Greek on in the city of San Francisco.It's a bit off the beaten trail in the Financial district but, when you do find it you will be happy that you did. The decor is stunning Meditation and the place was filled with the awesome smell meats cooking in the stone oven.It is a bit on the pricey side but its worth it because I would recommend pretty much every thing on the menu.
I've been able to try Kokkari a couple times now and I have nothing but good things to say about this place. It's quickly become one of our favorites and on our list of restaurants to frequent. Not only is the food amazing, but the restaurant itself is beautifully designed. There are multiple large rooms, each with a different feel and ambiance; however they all make you feel as if you're sitting in a big living room. From my experience, the waiters and hostesses have always been no less than superb and attentive as well. I truly enjoy everything about Kokkari.While the main dishes are all very good, I've become quite of fan of the appetizers and would recommend trying multiple mezes instead of the entrees; think tapas style dining! I always make sure to begin with the Taramosalata (whipped caviar) served with housemade pita. I love tarama and for some reason it's not easy to find in the bay area. It's so yummy spread all over the warm, soft, and thick house pita. I'm salivating while writing this. Another one of my favorite mezes is the Grilled Octopus Salad with lemon, oregano, and olive oil. I've never had Octopus with the same texture. Usually calamari is chewy, however Kokkari has a way of making their octopus so tender, it literally dissolves in your mouth. Once again... salivating.Among my other favorite mezes are the Kalamata Pita, Kokkari Potatoes, and Wood Oven Roasted Prawns. The Kalamata is similar to super thin pizza with olives, tomatoes, caramelized onions, and myzithra cheese.  The prawns come dressed in tomato sauce and feta, and the potatoes are nicely seasoned with oregano and lemon and then roasted. I've never been disappointed with an appetizer so far and they are all decently sized. The portions are larger than appetizers at other restaurants; I'd advise that 4 would probably enough for a whole dinner for two people. However, we usually order more than that because there are consistently others we want to try and Kokkari always offers up a nice daily special that usually reels us in. Last week it was the Veal and Rice Greek Meatballs and Goat Stew!The GF will always order the Avgolemono (traditional egg-lemon soup with chicken & rice) because she loves soup. I find it to be pretty good, but otherwise wouldn't order it without her. It tastes like a typical chicken soup with some lemon... that's all I can say.We've tried a few of the entrees including a bass special and the goat stew. They were both very good and I would recommend them to anyone. The goat stew was crazy! The meat was nice and tender and soaked in an amazingly flavorful sauce. However like I mentioned before, I personally will stick with the numerous mezes I can play around with. Kokkari also always has duck and chicken on a rotisserie in the middle of the main dining room that we still haven't tried but it looks delicious.The only thing I would advise against at Kokkari is the Greek Coffee. They make it sound special by heating over hot stones. However it's served in such a small espresso cup and about half full of coffee grounds. My palate is not yet able to distinguish whether this is a very fine coffee, so for now it's not worth my 5 bucks.Overall, Kokkari is stellar. From the food to the atmosphere, to the service, this restaurant shines! I recommend it to anyone and I will continue to haunt this place for many years to come.
I come here at least once a week, sometimes for lunch, mid-day, happy hour but mostly for dinner. I keep coming back to my favorites: grilled calamari and grilled octopus, avgolemono soup, grilled fresh fish, lamb riblets, fried smelts, zucchini cakes and brussels sprouts. I've been here during the Christmas holidays and they had goose on rotisserie, sometimes a calf. They carry this delicious wine from Santorini that goes really well with their dishes and they have a full bar as well. The restaurant is always full, plan to come early or make reservations way in advance, it's so worth it.It's the sister restaurant to Evvia in Palo Alto, which I experienced first a very long time ago, still really good.
This place never gets old for me. The food is amazing, the ambiance is comfortable yet chic, and the staff are very attentive and knowledgeable. I had my birthday dinner here a month ago and it was more of the same, amazing!!
The food is really good. I love all of the meat dishes.
Been over 10 years since I have been back to this place. It is still great. A bit overpriced, but the food is good. Braised short rib was the best dish. The brussel sprouts with bacon was the best. We tried just about everything and it was all good. It is sharing food so go with a mob of people and order one or two of everything. Lamb, octopus, riblets, meatball all provided really nice bites to go with the conversation and drinks.the waiter was a bit weird, but he had personality and was willing to chat up the table. Good if you are enjoying a leisurely meal.
Nice, big restaurant with a lively, but sophisticated ambiance. Shots were big and servers were friendly. There are so many reviews already, so I'll just rank the dishes we tried.Saghanaki- my favorite appetizerZucchini Cakes- perfectly crispy and goes well with the mint yogurt dressingKarpouzi me Feta- very refreshing!Quail- very tenderGrilled Lamb ChopsKotopoulo Souvlas- nothing special, but not bad eitherRib Eye- HUGE portionOctapodaki tou Yiorgou- everyone loved it, but I found it just okGrilled Meatballs- nothing specialPikti- cold and unappetizing; I would not recommend this at allWe ate family style so were able to try everything. Because the portions were fairly big, it made a lot of sense. We came for a birthday; they charged $3 per person for the cake cutting fee. This is a nice place for a special occasion, but there's just SO much food I'm not sure how often I'd return.
Excellent place to dine. The server was a little bit distracted, but the food was great. The ribeye steak with a glass of malbec was just perfect. The goat stew was average but tasty. The pan fried zucchini and lamb meat balls were amazing.
This here warrants a review .. big time !Was in Frisco on a work related travel when my coworkers and i decided to dine at a decent restaurant for our last day in the bay area.Did some search on Yelp and landed on this gem right in the middle of Financial District ... and boy it did not disappoint a single bit !We tried to get in on Thursday night but were only able to get a reservation for 3 at 9:45PM. We decided to stroll by early and the hostess was kind enough to have us seated 45 mins ahead..We shared the Octopus , the Saghanaki and the Grilled Meatballs for appetizers, all delicious with their own distinct flavor.The lamb chop as my entree was probably one of the best lamb i have ever had... Service was world class.. our server Edward who had worked there for about 4 years demonstrated refined service paying with penchant attention to detail and went through the menu with pride i must say.. :)All in all, this is one of the best restaurants i have ever been to and probably top 3 restaurant in the Bay area.
Lamb chops were cooked pretty well with good clean flavors. Lamb's tongue appetizer was mild. Octopus was soft and flavorful--very well done. Greek salad was standard.Moussaka was ok. I'm not really a fan, but I wasn't put off by the bites I had.oh...and there was...a cockroach crawling on the wall. They killed it for free. Bargain.
Eating at Kokkari was a culinary rollercoaster. At times the food was stellar, and at other times it was pedestrian - I'm disappointed to say that for the most part, it was pretty typical. For lunch, I'd recommend sticking with only small plates. Here is a run down of my order:- Hummus Samples: YES.- Stuffed Calimari: Only if you LOVE goat cheese. Too salty for me.- Lamb: The waiter warned me that this dish might be too large for me. Who does he think he's talking to?! Only 3 sad little lamb ribs. Good, not great. - Stuffed Eggplant: Filling, tasty. - Apricot Pastry: Nothing special. Waiter says the chocolate cake and rice pudding are "nothing special," and recommended this one instead. I wonder how unspecial those two really are.Stick with the small plates for lunch.
All around an awesome experience, I highly recommend this Place 10 star rating...
The beet salad and lamb dishes are ok, but overall an over hyped/ over priced Mediterranean restaurant. Definitely not as good as other restaurants in SF and in LA.
Perfectly amazing and the best food I've had in years! this could be the best restaurant I've ever ate at.....yessssssssssss, the best. From the hummus, to beet salad, to cucumber feta salad to the whole fish to the best steak ever....I've never had a meal I didn't love, I mean LOVE!!! The lamb is amazing- everything!!!!!!!!!!!!! Everyone that works here treats you like a mini queen and is very very sweet and attentive. This is my favorite place!
GORGEOUS/DELICIOUS/X-Factor/GREAT wine list. This is the best Greek restaurant I have been to outside of Greece.
amazing! a+
Kokkari is a dream come true. My favorite cuisine in the whole world is Greek and Kokkari delivers every time. It's pricey but so worth it. The lamb chops are ridiculously delicious. I love their fish - grilled (ask for it without the head). For appetizers you can't go wrong with the grilled Octopus and the Gigantes. The Brussel sprouts sauteed with bacon, lemon and oregano are pretty damn good too. The servers are so good too...there was one I favored but I'm blanking on his name now...I promised I wouldn't forget. Shoot. Go!
Went here for my Grandma's surprise birthday dinner as a party of 11. We went on a Friday night at around 5:30pm. That night, I experienced one of the best services I have ever had at any restaurant. First of all, our waitress knew almost every detail about every item on the menu. She also knew every little detail about their specials that day. Just hearing her explain the specials influenced about 3 of us to give it a try. Apart from knowing more than she needed to know about the menu, she was really kind.I have to give credit to the entire restaurant's staff. Our waters were never empty. We never asked for a single refill. After our appetizers, the waiters would clean up our plates and utensils and then set up the table specific to each individual's order. For example, my aunt received a steak knife and a fork because she had ordered the rib eye while I received a different type of knife and a fork because I had ordered their quail. It doesn't sound like a big deal, but the amazing thing is that these waiters did not take our orders yet they still knew what to give the entire family quickly and flawlessly. I based my five star rating off of the service alone, but the food was excellent as well. Our family ordered the calamari. Because I am used to having my calamari fried, I almost refused to eat it when it had arrived on our table. I am glad I gave it a try. It was grilled and stuffed with feta on top of some sort of beans. Super delicious. For my main entree, I had the Ortikia, which was the feta stuffed grilled quail served with a few vegetables and potatoes. Delicious. It was my first time eating quail so I was a little nervous, but it tasted just like chicken. Plus it looked cool having two small quails on my plate. I also had the opportunity to try my aunt's rib eye. Absolutely amazing. One of the top 3 steaks I have ever eaten in my life. Full out of my mind, I sat back in my chair to rest myself. Then I saw one of their desserts on the counter which was ready to be brought out. I immediately desired to order it and my entire family stared it down. It was the Kokkari Sundae. Chocolate and vanilla ice cream served with whipped cream, hot fudge, and toasted hazelnuts. My family ordered 3 of those. I ordered their Baklava served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Absolutely amazingly extremely delicious.The restaurant gave my Grandma a complimentary Kokkari sundae with a candle on it. A man who appeared to be the manager of the restaurant approached my Grandma and held her shoulders wishing her a happy birthday as well as thanking the entire family for celebrating at their restaurant. This was the first time I have seen a manager do this and this made me happy.Even though this restaurant was pricey, my family had an amazing dinner. The service was perfect and the food was delicious. The staff I will definitely come back just as long as I have the money for it.
Absolutely delicious! I came here for a company holiday dinner and tasted a lot of stuff. Dont laugh but can't remember what everything was called but the duck meatballs appetizers, octopus and the flatbread with all the dips especially the eggplant salsa thingee was yummy! I had the ribeye which was juicy and flavorful. Definitely must try this place.
I have been to Kokkari for several office parties in the downstairs rooms and in the main dining room. It's tasty!
The food was very good. Rotisserie lamb was very soft and tasty. Lamb shank was also very good. If not for the service, I would give 5 stars. Our server did not come to check up on us. We did not get our water refilled. We could not find him to get a dessert menu. Our plates were not taken away after we were done with our meal until well after we were finished with our meal. Overall, good eating experience. Service was lacking
DeeeeeeeeLICIOUS!I can't say enough good things about Kokkari. Very elegant and cozy restaurant...when you walk in, you'll be welcomed by twinkle lights, a blazing fireplace, a friendly staff, and really cozy chairs (they actually have armchairs)! There's a huge cauldron where they make the Greek (Turkish) coffee, and they keep the temperature nice and warm (which feels SO GREAT on a cold winter day)!But the best part...the food!!!Appetizers: the tzatiziki with pita bread is out of this world!!! The tzatziki is so thick and creamy, and the pita is made in house and is quite unique. It's much thicker and denser than other pita bread's I've had. And of course, they serve it warm, which makes it that much more enjoyable :) The zucchini cakes were also superyummy! Those are served with the fabulous tzatziki and also some baby cucumbers with dressing. DELICIOUS way to begin your meal! We've also tried the roasted potatoes, which are nice and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, with some subtle lemony flavor. Great complement to your meal.Entrees: We've tried the oregano roasted chicken. It was well prepared but didn't come with the roasted potatoes like I had seen in some yelp photos (bummer!). We've also had the souvlaki lunch entrees (I had the chicken, he had the lamb). Both were delicious and perfectly portioned for a lunch-sized meal.Desserts: OMG. Their dessert menu is just about as big as their lunch/dinner menu, and what we've tried so far has been AMAZING! On our first trip we had the greek yogurt with dates, candies walnuts, and honey. It was a light and delicious way to end our meal. On our second visit, we got the baked apple with nuts and cinnamon, with a scoop of baklava ice cream. SO YUMMY!!!!!!Overall, I would say the food is absolutely delicious and stays true to the Greek culinary tradition. We loved it so much that we bought the Kokkari cookbook...I can't wait to get home and try to recreated some of our delicious Kokkari experience!Note for next time: Bring some nice clothes (we were just in town for a few days and didn't bring any this time...we felt a little out of place in our jeans!), and make reservations, even for lunch. They get full quickly.
I've heard of this place and have been trying to come here with a big group for a long time but it's very hard to book a reservation for large group. anyway, i really enjoyed the food, service, and ambiance here. food: - lamb chop: if you like lamb, i think this is the place for you. the lamb here are so tender and juicy and cooked very well. - zucchini cake: interesting texture and def worth a try.- grilled octopus: seasoned very well and flavorful.overall, this place has nice ambiance, very good service, and has reasonable price. should def be on your sf bucket list.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Came here to celebrate and anniversary and it was just perfect. Had the gigantes and zuchinni cakes for starters.... and then the whole fish (bass) and lamb on skewers for the main meal! Had a nice bottle of vino along with it and of course flourless chocolate cake at the end!!!! amaaaaaazzzzzinggggggggg. i loved the ambiance as well. We had a very friendly waiter and the overall vibe of the place was romantic and fancy yet relaxed and comfortable and homey. I cannot wait to go back and bring SF visitors and try more items!
I've been trying to find a nice Greek restaurant so I could introduce my boyfriend to the under-rated glory that is Greek food and this looked like just the right place. Thankfully, it came through! I'd recommend ordering multiple Mezethes instead of one big entree so you can sample more food. Must-trys: anything lamb (Arnisia Plevrakia was incredible), Kolokithokeftethes and Octapodaki tou Yiorgou. Try one of the Greek wines if you enjoy wine. If you're a vegetarian, there aren't tons of options but what's available looks very tasty.The waitstaff was attentive and courteous and the dining rooms pleasantly decorated. That's right, I said dining rooms. This place is huge! Much bigger than I expected. When I saw the size, I expected the food to suffer due to quantity but I was dead wrong. The location in the Financial District is quiet and super close to the popular Embarcadero area. If you've ever wondered about Greek food and find yourself in San Francisco, give this place a try. It opens up a whole new world beyond your standard gyro.
Lamb chops were the best I've ever had. Decor, ambiance, and knowledgeable staff were spot on.
This place was amazing! I went with my family just for a special dinner a few nights ago and was so pleased and so full after our meal. The portions were surprisingly large given the prices. I was expecting this place to be like every other restaurant in San Francisco with small portions and high prices. But I was wrong!I highly recommend the Fried Smelt for an appetizer. The fish are fried perfectly and are soft on the inside, crunchy on the outside. The dipping sauce was like a garlic aioli or something, delicious. We also got the Trio of Dips served with Pita (roe, eggplant, and sweet pea). The pita bread was a little salty for my liking, but the rest of my family loved it. Aside from that it was soft and warm, and paired really well with all 3 dips. For the entrees we got the Lamb Chops, Moussaka, Suckling Pig (special) and Goat Stew (special). All had wonderful flavors and the mixture of spices was so different from what I've ever had. However, as good as the dishes were, they weren't perfect. Or maybe I'm picky. The the Goat meat in the Goat Stew was really stringy and chewy, but the flavors were amazing. In addition to that, I wasn't a fan being served essentially french fries with the lamb chops. I like to have some kind of legit grain with my meat. The Moussake had wonderful flavors but there wasn't much texture so I grew bored of that dish quickly. Luckily there was 4 of us so that means we had 4 entrees to pick from. But again, all the dishes were good and I can see myself going back to order any of those again. Or maybe all! Leftovers are always a plus.The dessert was probably my favorite dish the entire meal. We ordered the semolina custard wrapped in filo/phyllo (?) paired with quince and pistachio ice cream. The flavors were so well balanced and not overly sweet. It was very refreshing and I would love to have this recipe to try to make on my own! I don't recommend, I demand that you order this for dessert if you decide to come to Kokkari for a meal! The Greek coffee was also different and delicious, and you should definitely get it with your dessert. The servers were also very nice and friendly. Our server, I think her name was Sara/h (or Tara?), was very knowledgeable with the wines and was able to recommend the Hippolyte Reverdy Sancerre 2010 and the Patricia Green 2008 Pinot Willamette Valley. They both went well with every dish on our table. Aaannnnyyywaaaaaaays. I will definitely be coming here again. Maybe I can convince my parents to take me here for my birthday next year.
What a great atmosphere for lunch. The food was very good and quickly served. Open windows and comfortable seating. I had a Greek salad starter and the lamb burger. Both of these were outstanding. A great place for a mid-range lunch (casual or business) in the Financial District. One of the best high end Greek restaurants I've been to.
Delicious, for sure. Shared the Saghanaki, which was lemony and warm with just the right amount of crunch on the outside. Avgolemono, with a good quantity of chicken, was great for a cold day. Lamb riblets were a little oily and adding more oil to them didn't help. The meat was well seasoned, tender and juicy. On a cold day, ask for a table in the back room. We were situated close to the fireplace (which was turned off) and the door opening and closing got old quick. Service was a little slow but the food was good. A tad pricey for lunch but I'll go back for the soup the next time the lunchtime temp reads in the 40's.
Ah-maz-ing. I read the reviews before going so I was expecting great food and horrible service. I was fine with b/c I have a weakness for Lamb and everyone (Yelp and non-Yelp) said Kokkari was THE place for amazing lamb. What did I get? Fabulous service w/ fabulous food. It could not have been better. I made reservations for the BF and me. He has Celiac, so a strict gluten free diet is all that is allowed. Kokkari was THE most accommodating restaurant we have been to that has been kind, nice, aware, and just great with the dietary restriction (even more accommodating than Gary Danko!) I tried to make reservations via Open Table, and I couldn't, so I thought I would just call and ask--- and it worked! When I spoke with the hostess on the phone, I asked if they had a gluten free menu, and she said no, but that they could make anything gluten-free. I was skeptical, but went ahead and made the reservation. Fast fwd: when we checked in with the hostess, she knew that there was a gluten intolerance person in our party, our waiter knew, and the chef knew. I only had to mention it once when I made the reservation, and it was so great to not have to repeat myself! The waitress all night was attentive (but not overly so) and just so nice! Also, the table was right in front of the door, and it was a chilly night. I was a bit cold- and they were completely accommodating in finding a warmer spot for us to enjoy our dinner. On to the food: To die for! Everything we had was delicious. We had the grilled squid and prawns for apps. They were great. Dinner: Pestrofa - pan roasted Arctic char fillet over black lentils with artichoke & Kalamata olive tapenade- I am not a fish person, the BF loves fish tho, and he was in heaven. Also, it was a pretty great sized portion. I had Arnisia Paidakia - grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes and I was in heaven as well. Perfect seasoned, perfectly cooked. Dessert: Kokkari Sundae- Hit the spot... not too heavy, just enough sweet to hit the spot. We will both be back soon!
Great spot. Walking distance from union square or the moscone center. 10-15 minute walk depending on your pace. You can walk there via China town which is always interesting. Make a reservation as they are very busy. The service was very good and the food was excellent. The open fire with lams roasting, comfortable seating and pleasant atmosphere made for a nice overall setting. The lamb tounge (don't gag it is awesome) and other specialty items and the wine list made for a great night.
I was hoping to be impressed by this 2000+ reviews at avg 4.5 stars restaurant. I guess living up to the hype takes much more than creating the hype :)
I went to Kokkari about a month ago on a dinner date with my chef boyfriend. Not only was the service perfect but the food was honestly authentic and fresh. Everything we ordered (and didn't order) was delicious. My highlights was the whole roasted greek seabass with sauteed greens and the Saghanaki (greek melted cheese with lemon). The restaurant is very large and was packed but somehow the attentive staff makes you feel special. I love how they are not reinventing the wheel but keeping the simplicity of greek food at a high quality. I would recommend for date nights, group dinners, business lunches, any occasion! Truly one of the most underrated restaurants in San Francisco.
I am so EXCITED about finding this place through Yelp. I wish I can give it more than 5 stars. The service and food was superb! My friend and I ordered the Lamb Chops and my other friend ordered the Lamb Stew. The Lamb Chops just made you close your eyes with every bite. Perfectly textured, perfectly seasoned, and perfectly cooked at just the right temperature. For the appetizers we got the Carp Roe dip and grilled Octopus. It was amazing, enough said with those...For the rest of the weekend, a couple of times we would all randomly say, "Ummmm...Yummm...LAMB CHOPS!" I want to take a flight out to SF tonight just to eat there again. haha.
Event: My birthday dinnerNight: Tuesday - 8:45pmParty size: 12 peopleNote:There is no prix-fixe for a group of 12 or less (on a weekday at least), but a group size larger than 12 will result in you needing to book a dining room for approx $3K -- *hiccup)Ambiance:Classy/cosyServer:Matt -- super funny/friendly and knowledgeable about the food+wineThe Laundry List:(dinner for 12 people)1 bottle Garnet Pinot Noir (cheapest red & deliciously light & fruit-forward)2 orders Pikilia (dip platter: tzaziki/eggplant/lentil - the pita was awesome)3 orders Dolmathes (we had the veg ones not the duck-filled ones -MUSTGET-)3 orders Gigantes (i love me some giant beans & the sauce rocked)6 orders Kolokithokefthedes (zucchini cakes were more a patty-style & not sliced/fried, a definite -MUSTGET-)5 orders Tiropitakia (delicious but *don't* let these get cold - eat them piping hot!)1 order Soutzoukakia (lamb meatballs made of heaven)2 orders Sparaggia1 order Aginares Souvlaki1 order Makaronia (ravioli -- it's good but not as good as a lot of the appetizers)2 extra ravioli pieces ($5.25 a pop (!) )1 order Moussaka (lamb heavy & I wished there was more of the bechamel - but really flavorful nonetheless)1 Salmon (special of the day - light & good)1 Kataifi (dessert, definitely a -MUSTGET-)1 Galaktoboureko (dessert, a huuuuuge -MUSTGET-)1 Kokkari Sundae (we asked to sub-in the baklava ice-cream, which was...underwhelming =/)------total: $540.33- 20% gratuity was included- my bday dessert was complimentary (woot-woot!)- approx $50/person (as the bday girl, I did not pay--thank you awesome friends!)Closing notes:- pricey, but great for a big event splurge- finally knocked off a star because they only had 1 veg entree option (and although there are a tonnnnne of veg appetizers, it still kinda sucks that there's that much more meat than veg items)- I will always be back, and it's still one of MY fav eateries in the city, but I was saddened that the veg folks in my party didn't feel too accommodated)- make sure you go with folks who are into sharing food tapas-style & love them some lamb dishes cos that stuff is where the awesome-ness is at
Kokkari is one of my favorite places to go in San Francisco.I've never had a bad dish here. From the zucchini cakes to the goat stew, everything is deelicious! Who knew that goat meat would could be so divine in a stew! The atmosphere is comfy and can get a bit loud, but overall, it's very pleasant.If you've read any of my previous reviews, you'd know I'm a stickler for great service. Kokkari's wait staff is very friendly, accommodating and attentive. A+
The food is AMAZING! The pita bread, upon arrival, is warm and fluffy- the perfect compliment to the cool dips. The service is not outstanding, but I've never had a bad experience. A little pricey, but definitely worth it once in a while!
My sweet fiance brought me here for my birthday.Loved the rustic decor. Simple food done well. No fluff or pretension. My lamb dish was good, but I would have preferred a bit more seasoning. Her seabass was amazing. Next time I'll try more appetizers.
I can't get enough of their appetizers! The ones that stand out are the stuffed calamari, the giant baked beans and (my favorite) the octopus. Our stuffed quail main was good but I definitely regretted not getting the whole fish. Now I know for next time. And I'm still thinking about their special dessert with whipped cream, custard cream, shredded filo soaked in honey topped with crushed pistachios. PERFECT ending!
Been here about a half dozen times now, Kokkari is the most consistent restaurant in SF (at this level). Wait staff is always amazing, wine list is fantastic (new world/old world makes ordering fun). Ima sucker for ice cream, and the ice cream sunday is the best in the biz. Great for celebrations, date night, or just a little lamb on the way home from the office.
When we went, we sat at the bar for half an hr, and had the Greek liquor Ouzo. Ouzo is this incredibly strong liquorish tasting beverage, and when it interacts with ice, it turns milky. It is best served cold, because it's too strong otherwise.We moved to a booth ,and had some small plates to start. Every time I go to a Greek restaurant, the first thing I order is the taramosalata,a Greek caviar spread that bursts with creamy fresh sea flavor. That usually is a good indicator of how good the chef is. The plate came, and it was delicious though I think the best I've had yet is in Chicago Greektown's Santorini. In anycase, the plate was great, along with the eggplant spread and the garlic yogurt spread. I highly recommend the eggplant!!We ordered some kind of fish dish. I know i liked it, but by now I'm probably on my 3rd glass of wine, so the good vibe and conversations took over.The staff and server were extremely friendly and wonderful. They very personable and great servers.The decor is amazing. I love walking into a restaurant that suddnely makes you feel like you are instantly elsewhere on the planet. There were two giant lambs, full sized, roasting over this massive fireplace. It's very grand once you enter the door, and the atmosphere seemed cheerful and lively during dinner time.The rest rooms were downstairs, and you could only get to it via a slow elevator, this is probably not that convenient since we were drinking glasses and glasses of wine. I will definitely go again!
I had the rack of lamb which was good. There are a lot of tables and it is very busy. Good food but there's so many other places I'd rather go to before I coming back to this place.
Despite the hundreds of 5 star reviews Kokkari has gotten in the last year, I'm going to have to stray away from those opinions and say that this place really isn't what I expected at all.I came here to celebrate a good friend's 21st birthday last night, with very high hopes for what she told me was one of the top 10 restaurants in SF. As we walked in, the decor and ambiance were quite nice, and I was at the point of saying "I'm not worthy!" because of all the high class looking individuals who were dining here. When we were seated and given the menu, I got very excited once I saw the variety of lamb dishes and other classical Greek recipes. Appetizers:- Kalamari: squid stuffed with feta. Four measly pieces of calamari to share between 4 people for $11. You've got to be kidding me. The whole dish was, however, very well prepared and the feta added a great taste to it, but everything was too vinegary- Pork feet and cheek mix. Can't find the actual name of this dish on the website, but for $13, it was so-so. It was quite an interesting dish to try but had no real taste in it. The meat was pretty tender like how pork cheek should be, but once again everything was covered in vinegar.Main dish: Lamb Chops. This where it went down the drain for me. First of all, I asked for well done, just how real lamb chops are always served in any normal Mediterranean restaurant. I get my dish, and it's completely red inside. So, I call the waitress over and here's our conversation:"I asked for well done.""Ok...." *Long pause and stare*"Does this look well done to you?""I don't know. I can take it back and have them cook it some more""Yes thank you."After that, I get my dish and even though they grilled it some more, some pieces were still pretty red. I decided to just let it go and finish. I have to admit the lamb chops were huge in size, which was probably why they couldn't thoroughly cook it. However, the taste just SUCKED. It seemed like they just threw it on the grill with no marination whatsoever, covered it in vinegar, and served it. And you expect me to pay $31 for that? NO THANK YOU!In the end, I had to gulp down a good amount of water to get all the vinegary taste out of my mouth. The lamb chops aren't worth it, and neither is the service. Our waiter's attitude just seemed to be very fake the whole time. Do yourself a favor. Go to a nice hole in the wall Persian restaurant and get some real lamb chops for half the price.
Hands down one of the best restaurants I've been to. Growing up with a Greek dad and a Spanish mom, it's hard for me to eat Mediterranean food because it's never "as good as mom's" as they say. This was even better. For appetizers we got the crispy fried smelt with a lemon garlic dip-- these were just as good as you get in the little shacks on the Mediterranean coast. Undetectable bones, perfect batter, creamy tangy sauce.... I could have just had these with a cold beer and been happy! We also got the zucchini cakes, which were perfectly golden and crispy on the outside, and soft and creamy on the inside. These were served with a cucumber Greek yogurt sauce which was the perfect refreshing accompaniment. For entrees we enjoyed the Moussaka and the Lamb Shank.... I can say nothing but good things about both entrees. The Moussaka was so beautifully spiced, the Greek yogurt bechmel was delicious, and the lamb so tasty and not gamy at all. Same goes for the Lamb Shank-- perfect fall-off-the-bone meat with wonderful spice and flavor, and a rustic tomato based orzo pasta. Dessert was baklava ice cream. Crush up baklava and whip it together with homemade ice cream-- how can you go wrong? I will definitely be back, and will be so torn to order the exact same thing or try some of the other wonderful sounding choices we saw on the menu.
Wow - from the service to the actual restaurant, to the food. Amazing. Zucchini cakes (won't even attempt to say the actual names of the dishes), fried cheese, ricotta/spinach fillo-dough and lamb chops. Great wine selection. Delicious food. High end crowd but not pretentious. Just lovely. Highly recommend.
Food is great! Nice ambiance even for just drinks. Except for your hostess or receptionist who picks up the phone, Lena or Lina. Her supervisor should talk to her about phone manners!!! She's never pleasant.
Phenomenal food and service. I went to Evvia in Palo Alto the so called other great Greek place in the bay area in the same week. No comparison.In food and service Kokkari is world class and holds up well to all the great greek spots around the globe.Bucket list for the bay area.
A few weeks ago, my roommate and I came into Kokkari for dinner before a show at the Curran. Nowhere near each other, but this place was totally worth the schlep.We decided to share everything, and ordered a ton of stuff, including Spanakotiropita, Zucchini Cakes, Grilled Octopus (which isn't the same as calamari as I previously thought) and Grilled Lamb Riblets. Every single dish was absolutely delicious. Extra thumbs-up for the zucchini cakes. The restaurant is in the FiDi, so the crowd was mostly suits and ties and salt-and-pepper hair. But, we had a very enjoyable dinner at our table for two and I would totally go back.
I'm feeling voracious just thinking about this place. The first time dining here was on a whim too... boy were we glad we found this haven of deliciousness. I have never had a bad dish here. Only a harrowing wait to get a table a few times. Reservations ARE A MUST. You will digest your innards waiting when you start smelling the amazing aromas of cuisine floating about.I go all out here for special times. I wear the evening dress a size too big on purpose because it's a 3 appetizer minimum plus entree for me. And maybe drinks on top of that. If I'm still conscious after the foodgasm, I might do the dessert too. I've been known to exclusively get my Greek food fix here. Taramosalata, stuffed squid, lemon soup... the fish... The lamb riblets are straight out of OHMAGAWW! My bestie and I could get a double or triple order (model piggies!) due to particularly bad cravings for these which haunt our gastronomical sensibilities every couple weeks. A must do each time. I can't punish this place with a 4 star just for being popular every single time I've been there.
This is my FAVORITE restaurant. Food and service are both excellent. Crispy zucchini cakes are a must, and I'm always sad that you only get two per order. The lamb shank literally falls off of the bone (which made it kind of hard to cut so others could try, but that just means MORE FOR ME). I always always eat too much when I come here, I can't just leave delicious food on the plate and I can't not have dessert! I was last here a couple of weeks ago, and I've been craving baklava since then...even though I know I probably won't be able to find baklava that compares without making another trek out to Kokkari :(Funny story though: my friends and I couldn't agree on whether or not "manana" was the Spanish word for "morning"...even though most of us took Spanish in high school...we asked our server if she knew, and while she did not, she actually went and found another staff member who spoke Spanish and could confirm that "manana" means both "tomorrow" and "morning." Great service!
I went to Kokkari for Valentines. The menu was fixed but everything was very very good. The most outstanding thing on the menu was the lamb chops. The service was also very good! The setting is very intimate but the dress code was more casual than I thought it'd be (especially on valentines). Parking is on the street or you can Valet it.
Went here for a special birthday and the food and service blew my mind. Really exceted my expectations!!!! love
Excellent service. Excellent and creative food. Nice atmosphere. What more could you want. Will go back every time I make it to SF.
We had reservations for 4 at 6 PM and from the very moment the door closed behind us this place was amazing. Located in the Financial District this space transported you to a warm and inviting place that allows you to enjoy all aspects of the dining experience. We were promptly greeted upon arrival and shown to our seat where our friends were already enjoying a glass of wine. The waters and bread were brought promptly and our server arrived just after that.Our server was one of the best. He provided guidance when asked and gently guided us when not asked...but needed. The appetizers of Zucchini Cakes and Fried Herring were absolutely wonderful. (Except one of the Herring was not cooked entirely. Which was the only issue of the night)The wines were perfect with the appetizers and I was looking forward to the mains.The lamp chops were the best I have ever had. periodThe night special was Goat Stew and it was simply amazing. All aspects of the night were handled with care...class...knowledge...skill....I look forward to going back soon!!!
This restaurant currently has 1912 reviews with a very high average. I can understand why. I have eaten there many times and enjoyed the beauty of the dining room and some pretty terrific food. So why one star?  In my enthusiasm for this restaurant I attempted to make reservations for some significantly important people at my job who I wanted to impress. I called Private Dining about reserving their small room for 10. She was unbelievably unfriendly. Annoyed with me for calling it felt like. I asked her to give me an estimate including tax and gratuity as I had to prepare an expense report. Pointedly, she remarked " I don't have a calculator." Then a take it or leave it pregnant pause. Okay, so I wanted to be fair to Kokkari and wrote this to their General Manager via a private email in the hopes I would get a response. Some kind of acknowledgment that this was an anomaly for that restaurant. No response.So now, I am steering people to Perbacco and Wayfare Tavern for this price point. Too bad. Such a nice restaurant. I don't think they are worried. After all 1912 happy diners, and they are usually sold out.
This is my favorite restaurant in San Francisco - a perfectly Californian take on Greek food. The cocktail and wine list are extensive (many great Greek wines too). The food is out of this world...zucchini fritters, delicious fava beans in a stewed tomato sauce...lamb meatballs...amazing lamb dishes and of course Moussaka (don't let the casserole sound of this deter you - it's the best thing on the menu).Leave room for dessert - you'll definitely want the Sokolatina (the flourless chocolate cake with a butter-like whip cream) or the galaktoboureko (the cheese stuffed filo dough with an apricot sauce). Use to eat here almost every week, and love the professional and happy staff, big fireplaces, earthy barn feel, and feeling transported back to a mother's kitchen in Greece. Simply, the BEST.
As soon as you walk in, you feel a great energy. Friendly, jolly and festive. That is what I look for in a restaurant besides how tasty the food is. The service was top notch, and the food was delicious! We had duck dolmas which were the special of the day, heirloom tomato salad with figs, feta and arugula, goat stew, the special entree of the day, and baklava for dessert. I will definitely be back for another happy occasion in the near future.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. The lamb chops are insanely good! I have yet to find lamb chops anywhere that taste as good as they do here. My favorite appetizers are the fried smelts and Tirosalata dip with Pita bread:) On my last visit I had the baklava ice cream for desert which was delish! Reservations are highly recommended (even for lunch). But even if you have a small wait you can hang out at the bar and sip on a martini (made to perfection).
This pace never disappoints.  Dined here for our youngest's 18th!  The best!
I've always been a fan of Greek and Mediterranean food. I love lamb and anything else that goes along with it- the herbs, the cheeses (goat especially!), the spices,and all the gamey goodness! Came here with my cousins and brother on a weekday and it was packed. To start off, we ordered a bottle of Chateau Julia to share and for appetizers we had the saghanaki and stuffed calamari, for entree we had the lamb shank, lamb chop, lamb special and a whole fish and to end the perfect meal, we shared a Galaktoboureko and a Baklava.I swear to you, it was a lamb-a-full night!
not sure if it is on the menu anymore, but lamb tongue is the bomb! what makes a great restaurant is the consistency of the dishes each time I visit this place. i really like the cozy bar area rather than the restaurant.
Had a great meal here a while back. The lamb was fantastic as were the special bowl of morels that they prepared for us. The service was excellent as well which is always a pleasant surprise living in SF.
Having heard so many good things about this restaurant, I thought that for sure I would be let down. I have eaten at Evvia numerous times and I thought this would be exactly the same. It actually lived up to the hype and I think it's better than Evvia. Though it gets crowded, the atmosphere is a warm, rustic, elegant, and relaxing.
Tried a few things here over my visits: - lamb chops - amazing texture + flavor. make sure to squeeze the lemon on before you start- grilled kalamari with feta - very different to any calamari dish you've had. you should try this- lamb meatballs - really tasty, well cooked and the tomato based sauce is great- zucchini cakes - kind of like a crab cake but with zucchini. tasty but not their best dish
It really is a ridiculously great restaurant. The room is great, location is great, the service is great, and the food even better. Made me wish I was Greek; or at least knew a Greek.
Ok so I have seen this on the best of yelp for a while and I thought it must be solidly terrific. So a special occasion arrived so I took it as an opportunity to try the place out. was really intrigued by the lamb chops that everyone was raving about. I had them, they were good, but I mean, I don't know I wouldn't say they were the most amazing thing in the world. I also got to try the pasta dish that my friend ordered. It was ok... but to be fair I don't usually order pasta because it should be simple and at most restaurants, they try to make it fancy (This being one of those places too). I was actually more impressed by the ambiance that this place brought. Everything was lit in shaded halogen so as giving you that orangish glow throughout the place. Pretty spacious place too. There is a fire place where food would be roasting normally in the main room. The chars are very large and comfy for being a dinner chair. I don't know it felt like you were sitting in a little villa ... in the middle of the financial district. Service was nice, but in a formal way. I don't think I would come for the food more so to impress a date though since it is a nice looking place. I ended up having only wine that night, but the bar looked pretty well stocked, so I bet this place would not be bad as an after work happy hour.
My BF brought me to Kokkari for a celebratory dinner and I couldn't have imagined a more perfect place! I came here before, but am guessing that I didn't order the right dishes because it wasn't memorable. Except for the grilled octopus and smelt (eck...). This time around however, I had nothing but raves about this place! (Thanks, Hunny!)First let me touch upon the service...EXCEPTIONAL, not as personable, but great, nonetheless! Everyone acknowledged us and were very professional.For apps, we got the fried zucchini cakes with cucumber and mint yogurt dressing. Have a little of everything in one bite and it is yummilicious! The lamb meatballs were amazing too! Great spicy tomato sauce and Greek yogurt! As for our main entrees, my hunny had the Goat Stew special. Yum. Savory, tender goat meat packed with amazing flavor! I had the FLINTSTONE-SIZED braised lamb shank. It was huge! Fall-off-the-bone lamb shank over orzo and sprinkled with cheese. Oh boy...We were a bit disappointed with dessert, as we ordered the baklava...it was super sweet. I bet it was because we were super full, but felt inclined to order dessert...Ack! Overkill.FYI: It gets loud in here and most of the tables are close to each other, so it may not be good for a first date, but great for big parties! The location of the restrooms are a lil tricky as they're down the elevator with a cute, intimate and cozy little dining room fit for about 6-8 people.
I've been dying to try Kokkari because of the great reviews on Yelp. I wasn't disappointed in the least bit. Parking was really easy to find, and the location was close to downtown, which gave me some time to shop as well. Here's the break down of my review.Service: 5 stars. Extremely friendly waitperson, who was ever so vigilant to never let me have an empty cup of water. Decor:5 stars. Had the rustic, yet still upscale charm. Loved seeing the rack of chicken roasting over the fireplace. The chairs were extremely comfy!Food: 3.5 stars. While I wish I could rave about the food as I did with the other two elements, I have to admit that it was just OK. We had the halibut steak, artichoke salad, chicken, and peach salad (4 items), and each one of them were light and flavorful, but fell a few notes short of spectacular. Everything felt a little under seasoned, and needed more flavors to come out. The fish felt a little one dimensional, though it was cooked perfectly. The heirloom tomato and peach salas was heaven on a plate. Absolute perfect, a must try!Average: ~4 stars Definitely worth a try if you are in the area. The price isn't as expensive as you'd think. Our four entree dishes came out with tax+tip to only $78.
Yes, it is worth the five star rating. I went to Kokkari with two of my favorite foodies just a week ago. My dinner-mates own a restaurant in San Francisco and this is their favorite date night dinner. I now know why. (Although I love their restaurant better.) We started with several appetizers. The pita with eggplant (Meltzanosalata), grilled vegetables, and fresh spring peas and feta were wonderful, however........the Taranosalata, a creamy dip with fish roe used with pita was freaking AMAZING!!!!! It was just slightly fishy, salty, creamy and rich. I could bathe in it frankly. Entrees were quail, short ribs, and lamb chops. All were great tasting, but I felt the short ribs won best in show. Desert was baklava ice cream. Now why haven't I had this before and how can I get it it shipped to Iowa? The service was prompt and warm. We felt well cared for. The wine list was yummy and reasonable. A Little pricey but worth it for sure. I will be back!
One of my favorites. Fairly pricey but well worth it just know ur going to spend 200-300 for a good meal for two here with wine :). Will keep coming back for special occasionsLamb chops are exceptional. Service is perfect. Although the event manager could have been warmer through email correspondance.
This place is alright - nice atmosphere/decor - but 4.5 stars is a big stretch. The food and particularly the service are nothing to rave about. Nobody in my large group was blown away by their meal and "it was fine" or "pretty good" was the typical response. Our waiter seemed uninterested and as if they were counting the minutes until the restaurant closed; there was also a lot of "are you sure you don't want to also get..." going on, which is always annoying. I also received my appetizer about 5 minutes before everyone else and faced the awkward "should I wait, or should I eat" conundrum (I ate my lentil soup which was already lukewarm and less flavorful than the batch I'd recently made.)In summary, while you probably won't go wrong here, I wouldn't assume you'll go right either.
The Greek food in the area. Great wine selections and the ambience is awesome.
Service was impeccable, and the decor is nice. I've enjoyed the fish here, as well as the persimmon salad. The lamb is decent though not spectacular. Brussel sprouts were also okay but not great.
Love the ambiance of Kokkari. It's a very well designed restaurant. It has a large number of tables but the design makes everything feel intimate and cozy and warm. The fish was amazing. I had the oven roasted Sea Breem with Avgolemono sauce. We also had the Zucchini Cakes for an appetizer and they were wonderful.
I am usually not the biggest fan of Greek food, but Kokkari changed all that. The food there is simply amazing, and the service is exceptional. Make sure you get a few appetizers to share for the table; we had an orange salad and zucchini cakes, yummy! For my main entree, I had pork but I should have gotten the lamb chops like my friend did. I am also usually anti lamb because it's too gamy, but Kokkari's lamb tasted tender, juicy and very flavorful. However, the real surprise is at the end. This Greek have the best ice cream sundae I've ever had in life. We learned that they make their own ice cream. Screw counting calories and get this dessert!It's tough as hell to get a reservation here though and don't even bother showing up if you don't have one. Try your luck on OpenTable.~A
After being recommended to this place by several people, my girlfriend and decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed. The staff was amazing and, for me, the food ranks among my top 3 favorite restaurants in the city (along with boulevard and foreign cinema). Absolutely try the lamb shank and the sea bass.
Zucchini Cakes --- perfect! 9 out of 10Kokkari Potatoes-- 10 of 10 sweet and tangy mmm!Quail-------------- INCREDIBLE!! 12 out of 10 ... It's a must order!
One word: Moussaka. It's one of my favorite Greek dishes as a child, and I've been looking around for the restaurant that cooks it the way I like it. Kokkari, you did it, baby!!! Their special - goat stew - was excellent as well. No disappointments. Just smiles. Make reservations in advance (same day reservations, especially happy hour times, during business days worked well). The service is excellent. I never have time to go on dates, but if you really want my company, then you can bring me along to Kokkari. I'll make it an exception. Kidding. Not really. LOL ;)Amazing. My mouth salivates as I share this...
Kokkari obviously has a stellar reputation so I went in with high expectations. Kokkari mostly lived up to my expectations -- great service, nice ambiance, impressive menu and wine list. The only thing lacking at Kokkari was a certain je ne sais quoi which I'll term a "flavor explosion". I tried many things off the menu: the grilled flatbread, lamb chops, zucchini cakes, pan fried Kefalograviera cheese and a few other things. Only the pan fried cheese came close to food orgasm status. I couldn't help but compare Kokkari to Aziza in my mind as I was having my meal. Although Aziza is Moroccan and Kokkari is Greek, the flavors and dishes are pretty similar. Aziza is unquestionably the superior restaurant out of the two. I just can't see myself going to Kokkari for dinner again as long as it's in the same city as Aziza.
I have had four meals here.Date DadGroup (We split tons of things, entrees, apps- great way to keep costs low)BusinessSuch a versatile restaurant as it is the perfect location for all types of dining. Today I had the halibut for lunch, and it was just freakin amazing, as was the watermelon and the lamb. I seriously love the food here. Love love love.Love. Happy.
great place but stick to the appetizers..get a bunch like you would with tapas. Entrees are not their strong point. Been here for lunch and dinner...all the tapas sound and taste good. One time they even surprised us with a Congrats desert because we said we were close to our wedding day, taking the night off to enjoy a meal. great service and this place is always packed.
I love this restaurant. I try to go in the evening when they are roasting a whole lamb. The way they do it is better than just the chops which is all you often get at lunch and that is sadly when I go there most often. Favorite dinner. Grilled stuffed squid, breads and the dips for apps with a group. I got roasted lamb potatoes and very happy. I've never had a bad meal here. There whole brazino is another favorite.
I've been to Kokkari twice and both experiences have been unforgettable!ATMOSPHEREIt gets really packed for both lunch and dinner. You MUST make reservations ahead of time, no questions! The decor is inviting and warm (the traditional dark wooden furniture added to its cozy atmosphere). I ate in the main dining room for my first visit and for my second visit, my co-workers and I had a private room in the basement. (Not gonna lie, we felt pretty baller all evening).The main dining room is nice and you're close to the kitchen, so you can see the fires and the chefs running around. It gets loud though.The private room was my favorite. The room was small, cozy, and dimly lit. One wall was lined with over 30 bottles of wine and the other wall had an antique-ish dresser. There were elegent potted plants in the corners and a large rectangular table that could seat about 10 people. It was a very private room and the door was closed for most of the dinner. There was even music playing in the background!The service here is AMAZING. Everyone is friendly and you can tell they enjoy working at Kokkari. They gave us ample time to decide on our dishes and the owner, Dmitri, even came down to check on us.FOODThis is THE best Greek restaurant I've ever been to. Every dish was phenomenal and I recommend everything that I've tried so far, which include:Wine:Sobella (Pinot Noir)- YUM!Appetizers:1) Dolmathes- grape leaves stuffed with rice, dill, and mint2) Grilled octopus3) Traditional Mediterranean spreads with homemade pita bread (you can pick 3 spreads and we picked caviar, yogurt cucumber, and an eggplant spread)I tried octopus for the first time at Kokkari. I was afraid that it would be chewy but it was actually very tender and grilled to perfection! It has become my favorite appetizer here, hands down.The spreads were delicious and my favorite one was the cucumber yogurt one. There's definitely enough to feed a group of people. Unlike traditional pita bread, the pita bread here is REALLY THICK, but oh so fluffy and soft! (Oh, and FYI: the spreads come with 2 dolmas and cucumbers!)Entrees:I tried the Psari Psito, which is the traditional whole fish. It changes daily, so ask your server for the daily special. i've had the Mediterranean sea bass and a flaky white fish.The whole fish comes filleted so there are very little bones (maybe like 2 small ones). The fish is moist and light and comes with a side of braised greens or oven roasted potatoes. I've tried both and I recommend getting the potatoes, which are perfectly seasoned and they complete the dish.My co-workers got a variety of items, including:1) Avgolemono (egg lemon soup with chicken and rice)2) Pan roasted Pacific halibut steak3) Grilled spring lamb organ meats and Kokkari potatoes 4) Lamb stew5) Summer vegetarian ravioli Although this place is pricy (expect to shell out about $50/person), all the elements come together to make this meal worth every dollar. You pay for the experience AND the food, both of which are unforgettable. It was one of the best meals we've ever had and a great way to spend our first paycheck!
Iwwent here a while back and wanted to give it a second go before I wrote a review. Anyways, if I was only reviewing the food I'd give it 4 stars or more but lets talk about service:I love attentive servers but this fella was hounding us to no end and was constantly tryign to hurry up our meal. So dissapointing. Took away from the whole evening. At this rate I'll never go back. When your dropping that much cash you should be allowed to take your time.
I thoroughly enjoyed my first meal here. The staff could not be more gracious. Our waiter steered me towards a white wine from Santorini that I loved. The food was very good. Excellent Saganaki and roasted whole fish. I had one of the best culinary experiences of my life in Athens and it is a little taste of that heaven at home. We also enjoyed a few Mezze items,stuffed calamari, yoghurt and eggplant spread. Yum! Great presentation.
The food is out of this world. The restaurant is very pretty. Service was great. I had the lamb chops and my husband had the ravioli. A great restaurant.
After I read so many great reviews for Kokkari, I thought we had a definite winner here until we started getting plates of food. I found much of the food we ordered was too mildly spiced. I am a big fan of Greek and Mediterranean food, but it could have been an off night, but this place missed big time for me. With so much great food in SF, I am not sure I would head back here with the fear of being disappointed twice.
As a Greek... This place is awesome! Food is divine! Authentic and wonderful. The cod, Horta, , lamb chops... All A must!! Would recommend and come again. !!
Beautifully paced dinner and spectacular food. Definitely a special place. We will be back again.
Great dining experience. We've gone a few times... once for our engagement dinner, they gave us a romantic table with complimentary champagne.The atmosphere's always great,, just dim enough with a warm smokey roasting aroma. (the day's meat is roasting an open fire)
Great food, great service. First time there and I was very impressed. Very intricate and tasty flavors. I had something that I can't pronounce, nor will I try, but quite simply it was stuffed cabbage in a slightly lemony sauce. Very tasty. The brussell sprouts were fantastic with an amazing texture and aroma. The dessert was quite a surprise...delicious baklava layered into a sweet vanilla ice cream. Two great tastes that taste great together!
There must a reason why this restaurant has such great reviews! Finally got a chance to go there yesterday since a friend was in town visiting. Several months ago my gf's and I walked by here after leaving 5a5 and saw Gavin Newsom with his entourage having dinner there. Never knew the name of the place until yesterday. My gf made reservations and told me the name of the restaurant but didn't realize till I walked up that it was the same place. The waitress was very attentive. Showed me to our table and came back within 2 mins to ask if I was ready to order a drink. I started my evening with a mojito and it was made to perfection. just how I like it! The brought a basket of sour dough bread and foccacia and also a side of butter and a mixture of olives. We started off with Grilled Octopus stuffed with Oregano and Grilled Artichoke Hearts/Eggplant skewers. They were both very tasty. My favorite of the 2 was the skewers but that's just because i love grilled veggies.For dinner I ordered the rib eye cooked medium rare, my gf ordered Lamb Chops and the other one halibut. All 3 of the dishes was absolutely delicious. I think the rib eye is one of the best one's I've had in SF. Cooked right to med rare, very juicy and tender. The portion size of the rib eye is great It was served with braised greens and yummy potatoes. Everything on my plate complimented eachother. Def worth every $. For dessert we ordered Galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with Meyer lemon spoon sweet & crme frache ice cream. Very light and crispy and not overly sweet. Glad we decided to go with that one.I can't wait to come back here again. There's so many things on the menu that I want to try. GREAT service, great ambiance and very crowded but not overly loud. Before leaving we say Willie Brown walk out. I guess the mayors love to dine there :)
Don't get their chicken. I hate lamb. Their sea bass was good. They gave you practically the whole fish minus the head. Everyone enjoyed their lamb at dinner. Their zuccini cakes were VERY VERY good. We also had some desserts. They were ok. Bread was cold with no butter just olive oil. We asked for butter. Octupus and calamari was also good. Service was decent. However, my friend who wanted to add one more person to the party had trouble doing so. The lady who picked up the phone was incredibly rude to her. So rude, she was asking everyone to YELP a bad review for that reservation girl. To the girl who took down my friend's reservation:Do your job, miss, and do it right please. If you're not a friendly person, get another job.Our bill for a party of 10 came out to be around $670. I don't know if that's expensive or not...we had two bottles of wine too.
Delicious, outstanding greek food. Top 3 in SFO in terms of my favorite spots.Big fan of the lamb, and the whole fish.
This place was off the hook. Unfortunately I had three cocktails before dinner, and then we ordered a bottle of wine. I can't recall the details of the meal.My lamb chops were fantastic; you simply have to get them here if you have any interest in lamb. Roasted beets were the best roasted beets I've had, other than the ones my wife made for me. Fried smelts were, meh. Grilled lamb riblets were almost as awesome as the lamb chops.For dessert, the Yiaourti Granita, yogurt sorbet with lemon granita -- which had the texture of an Icee -- was one of the best desserts I've had. I like light, clean flavors in my desserts, and this one delivered.
Fabulous! Went here in late July for my bday with the fam. Everyone liked their dishes. Service was good. Ambiance was nice. Quite pricey but this place is good for the special occasion here or there. Will be going back soon for another celebration so will update again after that experience.
I really like the feeling of being in Kokkari. Of course, the restaurant is designed by the award-winning architect Howard Backen of Backen & Gillam Architects. It's a spacious, rustic, but elegant, warm and welcoming Greek (Mediterranean) restaurant that's great for dining in with a big group, or just as a couple for a quality evening. Kokkari Estiatorio is known as a cuisine that is fit for the gods. It is named after a small fishing village on the island of Samos in the Aegean Sea. Kokkari is actually the sister restaurant of Evvia Estiatorio in Palo Alto, California.The legend is that Kokkari is where Orion, son of the Greek god Poseidon, fell in love with the daughter of the King of Chios, and because of his love for her, Orion searched the whole island for food to prepare a banquet. Ahhhh :) LOVE :)Things we tried:Moussaka - traditional casserole of eggplant, lamb, potato & yogurt bchamel. (It's a traditional dish, but I'm not a big fan of it.)Spanakotiropita - traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill. (I love anything that is made with filo.)Octapodaki tou Yiorgou - grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil (nothing out of the ordinary.) Mosharisia Brizola - charcoal-grilled, dry-aged rib-eye with braised greens & Kokkari potatoes (My BF's favorite. His words, "Their Rib-eye is pretty damn GOOD!)Sokolatina - flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream (I love flourless CAKE!) Kokkari Sundae - chocolate & vanilla ice cream with hot fudge, whipped cream & toasted hazelnuts (The desserts get better! Made my night!!!) :0)
There are so many people that have reviewed that it is almost pointless but I must add my praise!I went here with a few coworkers for a birthday. Each one of us was absolutely blown away by the ambiance, service, and most importantly the cuisine. It has been a few weeks so I don't remember everything we ordered.... but if I can give a little advice as to what to order... the rotisserie chicken was to die for, anything with lamb there is just amazing, and finally.... the chocolate cake was hands down the best chocolate cake I have ever had. I have already made a reservation here for my birthday next week!!! CAN'T WAIT!!!
This place is wonderful. I've dined here so many times and I must say it is by far one of my favorite and one of the most consistent restaurants in town. OK so if you go, and go soon, try these items...1. Octopus- Tender, tasty, meaty2. Zucchini Cakes - Taking the meek veggie and making it into a star! There are two squash and zucchini cakes served per order rolled in bread crumbs and fried up. A small dollop of mild yogurt is on the side as well as some crunchy tangy cucumber slices. SO GOOD.2. 1/2  If you can squeeze it in get the super crunchy fresh Greek salad. Maybe in between the apps and the entree...3. Get the whole fish, one of them that is, ask your server what the specials are. My favorite is the Branzino grilled with a mix of yummy healthy lightly cooked greens. ( Goat Stew a close and delicious second )4. The Sundae. I know it's not greek, but come on, once you order this monstrosity of a dessert and indulge in all the wonderful layers of temperature, texture, and home made flavors you'll forget everything, and I mean everything.Okay well, I hope when you go you have a great time, I know I always do!
Food is good, yes very flavorful. and if you want to go lighter, get the whole grilled fish and you'll be very satisfied.Lamb chop was completely overcooked so by the time we got it back, we were too full and had already moved on. They should have comp'd us for that, or atleast a dessert. I think it was good, but who knows I was too full to tell.
Absolutely delicious. My favorite is the grilled octopus, which is tender, flavorful and easily the best octopus I've ever had. My wife really likes the lemon chicken soup, and the fried cheese is also fantastic. It's not cheap, but it's entirely worth it.
Place was still packed when we got here, had reservations @9:45 on friday. Started with a bottle of wine( that we brought), ordered lamb riblets and grilled octopus for appetizers. Fianc order the signature dish lamb chops and i ordered lamb skewers. Finished our dinner with a flourless chocolate cake and paired it with a 20yr. Old Grahams port wine. The food was so delicious every bite was orgasmic & Aaawww food was cooked to perfection! We both had an amazing time & experienced. Our total was $170.00 including tips.Great ambience, incredible food and great service. I can't wait to go back!
There are several reasons why this place is the awesome. 1. It goes without saying the food is marvelous. Flavors are clean, simple, and mouthwatering. I don't think there is bad thing on the menu. Don't leave without having the lamb chops, and they have a decedent fried cheese appetizer (I forget the name) that is wonderful. Finish it off with one of their marvelous deserts (best fruit tart I ever had) and a rich cup of greek coffee.2. The service. A mark of truly quality restaurant is the service. Sure the food can be great but if your service is awful is going to sour everything else. And the service here is above par! Yes the waiters are knowledgable and friendly but its the little things that make the service here great, like always letting the guest go first rather than jumping in front of them just because they're in hurry to get their food out, holding doors, pulling out chairs and always going that extra mile. Whoever trains the service staff should be proud.3.Upscale without being stuffy. The service may be above par, the food divine, and the decor high end but that doesn't mean you have to hold your pinky in the air. Kokkari still maintains the Greek spirit of love a life and at every table you see people laughing and enjoying themselves.In short: if you haven't been, GO! Run, don't walk!
I have been here a few times now and I think the food is amazing. I like the atmosphere and the staff always seems attentive.
I have never seen an upscale greek restaurant in my life and therefore knew I had to try it. I went here friday night for my birthday dinner with a group of my most amazing friends. First, the reservations where made a week in advance for a party of 5 at a 7:30 table. we amazingly got seats and for that I thank them greatly. We were seated promptly and our waiter was very considerate, well informed, and genuinely seemed to like his job and our table even though we were a group of uncultured college students, most of whom (myself sadly included) had not been to a nice restaurant in several months.We started with the zucchini cakes with mint sauce, the octopus and the watermelon feta salad. The zucchini cakes were crisp, subtle, and were liked by even the zucchini haters. The octopus was tender and cooked perfectly (difficult task) and the watermelon salad was refreshing with unexpectedly complementary flavors.For entrees we tasted, savored and enjoyed bites of everyone's dishes. The lemon oregano chicken was juicy and flavorful, the feta and artichoke ravioli was very good, but pasta is never spectacular. The halibut was practically melt in your mouth. I ordered the lamb shank which literally fell off the bone. Came with delicious orzo and was some of the most tender meat I've ever had. And, on top of that, everything came in huge portions. Even Josh, the bottomless pit, was full at the end of the meal. That meant the rest of us couldn't move.They then embarrassed me by having the waiter bring out a cake with a candle.... how cute. Manager came out to wish me happy birthday. Flourless chocolate cake was super rich and the custard filo pastries were absolutely delicious and contrasted perfectly by the apricots and vanilla ice cream. Fantastic wine and coffee selection to go with everything also and very reasonably priced for the amount and quality of food.Now one of my absolute favorite SF restaurants. Will return again, I assure you. Five stars for food and ambiance. 6 stars for service and how hilarious it was being the youngest people in the room who weren't there with their parents.
The perpetual crowds of politicians and SF power brokers at Kokkari can make it feel impersonal and cold, despite the soft lamp lighting and warm hearth. The staff can sometimes be a bit overwhelmed and aloof.But, as always, outstanding food will keep me coming back and Kokkari somehow keeps a steady focus on serving traditional Greek cuisine with a homemade touch in spite of any flaws. Take the fried cheese app for example- a sharp, strong cheese, fried and garnished with olive oil, lemon, and parsley. Simple, yet unlike anything I've ever had. The whole fish could not be more expertly cooked- bursting with flavor from skin to bone, fresh, and just the right texture. For the carnivores, the lamb is a hearty portion yet somehow melts in your mouth. Pair any of these dishes with a selection from an outstanding wine list.
Still buzzing and still great. The appetizers are the way to go. Friday night, people were lined up at the bar til 11 trying to get a spot to eat.
Overrated, come on, I have been to more than a few Greek establishments in my time. The lamb was very good, the lemon rice soup, only fair. I was disappointed for the hefty price paid.
This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in SF so far. The service is flawless, the atmosphere is warm, cozy and relaxed and the food is to die for. My experience with Greek food has been limited to Gyros, hummus and other basics, so I was interested to see what else I could discover. I came here with 4 other people and an expense account for my co-worker's going away lunch. We ordered a ton of food and it was all exceptional. The items that really blew my mind:*Perfectly ripe, cold, juicy chunks of watermelon topped with a mild, creamy feta and greek oregano (I was inspired to make this at home, and it is now a simple, delicious family fave)*Greek Salad (Perfect tomatoes and BIG chunks of feta)*Crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside Zucchini Cakes*A variety of amazing spreads served with pita*Savory, meaty, flavorful Lamb Souvlaki (OMG YUM)And of course dessert. Baklava, rice pudding and some sort of custard deliciousness...it was all so good.
Amazing! Seriously. We loved everything about this place! We were trying awhile to get a reservation, but it so worth it. Lots of seating, large wine selection, superb service! We came early and sat at the bar. The only downside was the bartender. He barely made eye contact and kind of through us the wine menu, but the gentleman at the door (didn't get his name), quickly made up for it. He came up to us, greeted us by first name and asked if he could seat us early. Our waiter, Edward , made this easily one of the best experiences of SF. This guy is a professional. He was so charming & really knowledgable about the dishes, which was great as a first-timer. We went with his recommendations and were more than satisfied - our tastebuds & stomachs cheered! Thanks Edward!zuchinni cakesoven-roasted shrimpoven roasted whole seabass (special)oven-roasted pork (special)
Excellent all the way around. Probably the best fish we have ever eaten. Really fabulous food and service. It is a must for anyone visiting SF.
I've been here several times with clients, parents and friends and this place never fails to impress. The restaurant is enormous (though it's still toughh to get a reservation on short notice), the decor beautiful, and its cute location tucked away by an area of FiDi open space means it's a lovely place to go for lunch and then a stroll outside by the water.If you're ordering a plate of mixed dips and mezzes, definitely ask for the skordalia (it's a super-garlicky potato puree) - even if it's not on the menu. It's unusual but universally appealing, and a great start to the meal. I love that their wine list is chock full of bottles I've never heard of (some of which are ridiculously expensive and therefore strictly expense account/sugar daddy date only) Best food experience has to be the Goat Stew. A little on the heavy side, but what a flavor explosion. Goat? Who knew?Unfortunately my service experiences here have been a little erratic: sometimes excellent but other times slow, inattentive and once even a little uncomfortable (awkward). Don' t eat those little candies they have in a bowl on the way out. Yuck.
The atmosphere is great...food is outstanding, and the service was top notch. We went here to celebrate a birthday and it was a great selection. The roasted duck special was delicious, and I highly recommend the lamb meatball appetizer. Can't wait to go back.
Gosh, I'm so disappointed! I've been wanting to go to this restaurant for a while, I finally make it there and my experience just killed it for me.We made reservations for 845p, but somehow the restaurant lost our reservation and we were nowhere in their system. The hostess swore we were the third party in line and would be seated right away...NOT! We ended up waiting 45 minutes before getting seated. I was growing more and more bitter by the minute but the restaurant was kind enough to offer us some wine and olives on the house for the mistake. I reminded myself to be open minded about the food.Finally seated and starving, we ordered some zucchini cakes and spanakopita appetizers. Both were delicious but honestly, didn't taste any different from ones I've had before. For dinner, we ordered the ravioli with sweet peas and mushrooms and moussaka. The ravioli was awful, had absolutely no taste whatsoever. I've never had to put salt on my dinners before, this was a first. I felt like I was eating a garden. The moussaka was MUCH better, definitely loved the decadence of it, the tender lamb and hints of cinnamon. It was delicious. We ordered the galaktoboureko for dessert, basically custard filled phylo dough with some creme fraiche ice cream. It was light and delicious. So everything minus the ravioli was ok, I was going to write off Kokkari as a not too bad experience until the bill came. They charged our party of 3 extra for each appetizer. No one told us that the appetizers came in pairs and no one told us that they would charge us for extra pieces. Our waiter failed to mention that he would take it upon himself to order an additional piece for us. You don't know until the bill shows and extra charges are automatically applied...who does that?!?! I had already been at the restaurant a total of 2.5 hours at that point and was eager to leave. I'm SO SO disappointed in my experience, not only did they lose our reservation, make us wait 45 minutes, but they charged us extra for food that we didn't order. Shame on you Kokkari!
Food is executed well. Service is ok at the bar, bartender is nice but didn't hear my whole order and told me that I "forgot" to order my other entree. Since when is it good customer service to tell your customers that you're memory is failing. This place is too good to start blaming the customers over the ordering.
Food and service were top notch. Be sure to call ahead for reservations, even if OT looks booked. The lamb chops and shank were great and the apps, especially octopus and squash dishes, were tasty. There's an extensive wine list to suit your fancy. Our friends left happy and full.
We ended up ordering 4-5 appetizers between two of us and everything we had was really good. We had just had octopus in Hawaii the week before and were surprised at how incredible it was at Kokkari. We also both got a dessert, which ended up being a lot of food but dessert was worth it.
Easily the best Greek restaurant I've ever been to.Our server was full of energy and personality. He recommended the goat stew, which turned out to be phenomenal. I loved the appetizers, the salads, and the deserts we ordered. I would definitely be tempted to visit Kokkari again, next time I'm in SF.
Amazing! Favorites were the special summer salad (peaches, tomatoes and feta) and the grilled octopus salad. Lambchops looked delicious too - felt weird ordering them for lunch though - so I'd definitely come back for that. Since this place is located in FiDi, be prepared to feel a little underdressed if you're not in a suit and tie, but the service was nice and they didn't treat us any differently because we were dressed in jeans :P
Well I know everyone is always drooling over this place, but I just don't get it. I've been twice now and it is a schmancy ambience and polite staff but the food is just not amazing.Admittedly, I am a bad orderer. I tend to be so busy chatting with my friends that I choose blindly (or take the waiter's recommendation) when my turn comes, so I can't really judge by my dish. I had souvlaki -- nothing interesting about it -- pretty dry. But no one else really had anything exciting to my palate either...BUT -- i have heard that the best route to go here is sharing a bunch of small plates, so I will likely give it one more try even though I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Visited Kokkari on May 6, 2010 with 2 vegetarians and one fellow meat eater. While the food, service and ambiance all seemed great at the time, my fellow carnivore and I had a bad case of food poisoning afterward. Had to be either the lamb riblet or trout appetizers.There are too many great restaurants nearby to risk a night on the pot. Try Wexlers or Perbacco instead.
Excellent Greek Food. The staff & management are outstanding. The atmosphere is warm & inviting & we always get a primo table.
"Lamb soulvaki is always yummy. So is the coffee frappe- not just for dessert anymore!"Food is really rich though
My husband is of mediterranean descent and grew up with grandparents that made the real deal at home. This is by far our favorite Med place, if not restaurant, in the city! We've eaten here a number of times (with a reservation FAR in advance) and have never been disappointed. The lamb kabob, fish, and mousaka are our favorite entrees and we always find ourselves drawn to the combo appetizer platter. The feta dip is extraordinary! I'm salivating just thinking about it!!!
I'm writing this review prematurely, but with the expectation that I'll follow-up with a full summary of the experience post-dining. I'm in the process of planning my dad's retirement dinner and, due to all the wonderful Yelp recommendations, chose Kokkari. It's a small affair, only 15 people. I have been on the phone with Kokkari 4 times in the last week each time speaking to a woman named Joanie. Joanie is not helpful or accommodating, she gives the impression that a larger party is an inconvenient hassle not a boon, she doesn't return my calls when promised and -- most annoyingly -- she talks over you while you're talking. How can you hear what I'm requesting if you are talking while I am? Her tone is not conciliatory when she has to decline a request, and gives the "Well, we're a busy restaurant" line which - frankly - applies to a ton of places who have the good sense not to actually say that to a customer.After a week of phone calls and, finally, an authorization from her manager that, yes, it is okay if we dine here, we finally have a reservation at the only time that wasn't 5:30pm. We're booked at 8:45pm. My point of writing this is that it struck me that even the process (and here I really mean *process*) of booking a reservation is an indicator of how the actual dinner may go. Joanie has successfully given me enough pause to hold my reservation while looking for other options because I lack confidence in our being seated on time, and the demeanor and warmth of those interacting with us. If this were just my husband and me, it wouldn't be so weighted but for an important event like a retirement it causes some hesitation.In short - if you have a small party, avoid calling and just use Open Table to book. This place is not good for large groups (even at the Kouzina, which I requested.)I really hope I take back everything I've said because the dinner was so amazing, but just these four calls have already made me look at Kokkari askew.
Love this place! Quite simply the best Greek Restaurant in San Francisco. Gorgeous decor, fantastic food, great staff that are among the best in the industry! One of my favorite restaurants in the City!
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday in January '12.  The food, ambiance and service for excellent! They also remembered I'd mentioned it was a b-day dinner and brought out dessert with a a candle at the end and comped the dessert. I had the butternut squash ravioli-best I ever had!
The best Greek food I have ever had. What an experience! Let's start with the ambiance... in my opinion; the establishment is broken down to three areas of the restaurant. You got the front, where they also have their full bar located, and the furniture are home-style, comfortable and provide a sense of hospitability. Oh, did I forget to mention the big fireplace? In the back is their big dining room and where the big kitchen is located too. They have a couple long public dining tables, but they are happy to move you if you're looking for something a little more intimate. The furniture here is more modern, but still very cozy. Lastly, the final part of the restaurant is downstairs. It's a private room, and is also where their snazzy restrooms are located. You have to catch an elevator to go downstairs. You might want to keep that in mind the next time you're looking for some stairwell to go downstairs.Next, let's talk about how delicious the food here is. Greek food is never is easy to come by, but it doesn't seem like you can go wrong with any item here. I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner, and I was not disappointed in anyway. For lunch, I ordered the chicken souvlaki, and the portion was huge for such a great price. Not to mention how delicious it was. It was savory and kept me loving every bite. If you're wondering if I finished it, yes, yes I did. It was so good, I had to come back for dinner, where I tried their moussaka, which was a casserole of spiced lamb, eggplant, potato and yogurt bchamel. Now, I admit, I never had this before so this was a dish I was experimenting with, which pass with flying colors. I would definitely order this again.With all my dinner meals, of course, there's always got to be some wine involved which they have a great selection of. I give this restaurant some really great marks and I believe you will too. HAPPY EATING!
Can't wait to go back!
Agreed that the food is as great as everyone here is saying - especially the zucchini cakes and baklava ice cream. My only complaint here - horrible ventilation. For a resto of this caliber, I expected there to be a/c or some sort of ventilation unit. That said, it's still worth it!
If there were more vegetarian entrees, I would have given a full five stars, but it was great fun to enjoy good wine and a whole feast of small plates to start. The zucchini cakes and and giant beans are amazing! Excellent service and stylish decor too.
I've been in SF for five years but somehow have never eaten here. So one nice and sunny Thursday afternoon my friend and I decided to meet up there at 6 after work. She suggested we sit at the bar and get drinks and appetizers. I get there and she was having a friendly discussion with the bartender and waiter, she's been there a few times so they knew her. I asked the bartender to make a suggestion about a wine and he gave me glass of refreshing chardonay. We began catching up and finally ordered some appetizers. We got the pitta with a few dipping sauces and lamb meat balls. Both were great, fresh and truly Mediterranean. We took a break and had another glass of wine that seemed to never end because the bartender kept refilling it, the benefits of making friends. We then ordered the musaka to share which was a great idea, it was quite rich. And topped off with dessert, we got the yogurt with honey and dates and nuts, it was the perfect choice, not too rich or sweet yet satisfying. The atmosphere was great, on this sunny day it shined in and filled the rooms with light and made you feel that you truly were on some shore in Greece or Italy, the food was there to match, the ingredients all fresh, flavorful and like they came from the region. Dress up when you go here, a lot of people were after work in suits and the rest dressed up. The restaurant manager also stopped by and talked to us for a while, for such a high end nice place, it was nice to see that he made the time and remembered my name, even though she just introduced me once, this along with the incredible food ensures I'll be back for more.
Today Rinky, Marian, Anna and I had lunch here, a lunch postponed by the torrential rainstorm January 18, when we first planned to meet. I am always on a hunt for good Greek food and this was my choice. Rinky and I arrived early despite getting a little lost and found a parking spot right across the street. We walked in and were warmly greeted by the hostess and seated by the host at a table for four. Ceilings are high, walls are thick and windows have solid shutters which look as if they're available in case of seriously inclement weather. Floors are worn wood. It looks as if the building was built after the 1906 earthquake, but I don't know its history. A huge fieplace dominates one wall and as we were leaving we noticed a lamb being roasted on a spit over the fire. By tonight the restaurant will be redolent of lamb.When Anna and Marian arrived we looked at the menus and the consensus was to order a variety of starters to share. Rinky knew she wanted spanakotiropita and I knew I wanted lamb riblets. To that we added zucchini cakes w/ cucumber and mint yogurt dressing, Kokkatri potatoes roasted w/ lemon and oregano, brussels sprouts roasted w/ bacon and lemon, Grilled asapargus w/ feta. I saw they had skordalia as a side w/ a couple of the dishes so I asked if we could get it as a side by itself and we could. We decided to get a bowl of the avgolemono to share too. Marian, Anna and I ordered iced tea and Rinky ordered lemonade. Refills of both were freely given. Bread was brought to us and we were offered a choice of butter or olive oil and chose the latter.The spanakotiropita came, two large, crisp triangles of filo filled w/ chopped spinach and feta. It was as described, closer to tiropita than spanakopita; it was very good. The zucchini cakes were crisp on the outside and soft in the middle, nicely seasoned and good sized. The mint yogurt sauce was a good addition. The slices of cucumber tasted as if they'd been marinated in lemon juice w/ a little olive oil. Delicious. The asparagus were beautifully cooked and very tasty, as were the brussels sprouts. The potatoes were crispy and flavorful. The lamb riblets were tender and flavorful, a generous portion of 10 or 11, sufficient for the 3 carnivores among us to have a good amount. The skordalia was richer than I expected, as if mayonnaise was added to the potatoes, garlic and almonds. It came w/ hot, thick triangles of pita-like bread and the biggest slice of cucumber I think I've ever seen. Only the avgolemono was a little disappointing, lacking a strong lemon note. We were glad we ordered one bowl for all of us to taste, rather than a whole bowl for any of us. It was pleasant, just not lemony.The bathrooms were all the way in the back of the restaurant, which is huge. An elevator, whose floors and walls were lined w/ distressed wood, took us to the basement, where the bathrooms were spacious and warm w/ wood and plaster walls w/ alcoves for lamps and pieces of pottery. The look was lovely and consistent w/ the rest of the restaurant.Despite all that delicious food, we wanted a little taste of dessert, so we ordered a single galaktoboureko, semolina custard in filo with Meyer lemon spoon sweet & crme frache ice cream. It was just the taste we wanted . Service was warm and attentive. We were delighted and I will introduce Alan to it one of these days for dinner.
My former boss's boss took me here for a celebratory lunch after my successful golf tournament fund-raising event. The only thing missing from a totally spectacular lunch was a nice glass of wine but we didn't drink much wine in the non-profit world... so we stuck with yummy iced tea!Anyways, I especially loved the interior of this restaurant. I felt like I was transported to an amazing cabin. It was so cozy and inviting! I'm glad we had a reservation because it was VERY busy at lunch time. Our lunch was delicious! Everything was perfect starting with the bread. I don't know much about Greek food but was tempted by just about everything on the menu! I don't think you can go wrong with the super fresh veggies and perfect dishes!
I so love this place!
Grilled octopus, thats what its all about here. I dont know what people see in the zucc cakes
This is another place that is long overdue for a review on my part. I went here last year during my birthday weekend as well. My boyfriend had a whole weekend planned and dinner here was part of it. I absolutely loved the decor, the dark woods, the homey feeling, everything. The food was delicious and so was the wine. Free champagne too? Even better!
Great place and awesome food
Always consistently delicious. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but I love their whole fish. Service is always 5 stars. This place is the complete dining experience. Great for dates.
Went here for dinner with the bf one night and it was pretty damn good. Loved the ambiance of the place. It was like your in someone really nice home. The food was wonderful and the server was excellent. I got the lamb skewers with rice and tomato and onions. My bf got the lamb skank with orzo, ohhhhh his was delish! I wish I got his... we also go the zucchini cakes that everyone raves about and yes they are good, so get them!
Great food, great service, great atmosphere.I went here for a friend's birthday and I loved it. Must try:Appetizer: Kalamari (like, OMG) It was the most amazing thing I've had in a long time.Main Course: Lamb Chops FTW - I'm not usually a fan of lamb, but these were soooo good. Perfectly cooked, tender, and tasted DELICIOUS.Dessert: Hmm, I think I tried like 3 different desserts, but whatever came with the pistachio ice cream was hella good.Overall, this place is definitely one of my favorites in SF.
This seriously might be one of my new favorite restaurants!!! Definitely comin here every trip to SF. From the ambiance to the food, not one thing was a miss!!!! I had the grilled octopus, zucchini cakes, greek salad, grilled artichokes, Brussels sprouts, branzino, lamb chops, feta dip, baklava icecream...ALL TO DIE FOR!!! And the manager Doug was the best!!!!!
After I drool-wrote my review on Kokkari couple weeks ago, I've been craving food from this place. And when David B. left this msg: "Its also a great place on warm days, they open the windows for a nice breeze during lunch!", I craved Kokkari even more.So FINALLY, a girlfriend of mine wanted to pay me a visit for lunch for a much needed bitching session regarding her love life, I decided FOR HER that we would be lunching at Kokkari to CHEER her up (really to satisfy my craving.)Upon entering, I immediately held 2 fingers up, indicating that it would be a party for 2.Receptionist: Did you call in advance?Me: No.... (with the saddest frown on my face, hoping the sympathy vote would get us in) =(Receptionist (looking at the computer screen in front of her): Give me a minute and let me check to see if we can find a table for you.Waiter next the receptionist gave me a wink: I'm on your side, come with me.Me: =D (replied with the most ridiculous open-mouth smile)David B. was right. They had the windows wide open for a nice breezy lunch. As my gf bitched her way about her f'ed up ex, I couldn't help but to shift my attention to the lunch menu.... Oh... today imma do a lamb lunch!So I finally got her attention shifted to the lunch menu as well, we ordered the following:Starters:Asparagus with feta cheese and dill - Yep, again, asparagus over-roasted to perfection with a little olive oil drizzle all over and feta cheese and dill with lemon vinaigrette to complement the sweet asparagusGrilled Lamb Tongue Souvlaki - Oh my my my! Just like the waiter who brought over the lamb tongue said, "you've got the best dish in the restaurant! Great choice!"Grilled Lamb Riblets - And the riblets, ohh so heavenly grilled to perfection, a slight crunch on the edge of meat mmMMmm... oh joy!Entree:Lamb Souvlaki - It was good, grounded lamb meat grilled on wood stick. The appetizer got me so full already, so I didn't really touch the pita bread that came with the dish.You know the food were good when your heart-broken gf stopped bitching about her f'ed up ex and shifted her attention to enjoy the food! And THAT was what life is about!
Fresh, creative, and delicious. When I go out for an expensive meal, I like to go somewhere that offers not just delicious food but dishes that I can't easily make myself or find elsewhere. Kokkari delivered on this front. The charred octopus salad was wonderful -- among the best prepared octopus I've ever had. The zucchini cakes with minted yogurt (appetizer) was also delicious. Service was friendly without being intrusive. A definite go-to lunch spot for folks in the FiDi looking for a nice place!
We will MOST definitely be going back to Kokkari!We had a fantastic experience from the minute we pulled up to the Valet Parking. Which is only $8.00, nearly unheard of in the city! We made reservations two weeks in advance because we wanted a great table. We ended up getting a bunch of appetizers. Dolmathes - grape leaves stuffed with rice, dill & mint(Flavorful and delicious)Kolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing (My fiance doesn't like Zucchini and he LOVED these)Spanakotiropita - traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill (One of our favorites)Octapodaki tou Yiorgou - grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil(First time I've ever had octopus and it was yummy)Melitzanosalata, Tirosalata with housemade grilled pita We ordered a $100 bottle of white wine Imported from Greece that was absolutely FANTASTIC! Everything paired incredibly well. The service was SUPERB! Our Waitress was very knowledgeable about wine pairing as well as the menu (as should be) be ended up giving her a $50.00 tip because she was by far one of the best waitresses we've ever had. Dessert in this place is FANTASTIC too...Baklava is amazing as is their ice cream sundae. They make all their own ice cream fresh there including vanilla, chocolate, Baklava, Praline, and caramel to name a few. Absolutely delicious! The manager actually even came over and joined us for a minute as chatted with us about our wine selection and the array of food that we had decided to try. All in all it was one of our best nights out in San Fran. in a long time!
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday, which was a wonderful surprise since we never go out for Greek or Mediterranean food.We had a reservation for 8:30, but when we got there the place was packed, so we had to wait a bit. We browsed the wine selection while we waited. The coolest thing about this restaurant is definitely the rotating meat in the open fire oven.I need to note that this restaurant is ginormous. You have to taken an elevator downstairs to the bathroom. Craziness. Okay, so they brought us to the back in a nice little secluded corner, and our server came over, and as always, I ask for a bunch of recommendations. He suggested a few things, and we chose from that. They were excellent recommendations.We started off with the fried smelts (it sounds gross, but it was really good). Smelts are these little fishies, and they were fried, so they were eaten like french fries. I don't know what garlic-potato skordalia is, but it was damn good. Then we got the zucchini cakes as well, and devoured those.My bf ordered the grilled lamb chops--best lamb chops ever. If you go to this restaurant, you MUST order this entree. It was so good, and the potatoes that came with it were delicious too. I ordered the Moussaka, which was a casserole with lamb, eggplant, potato & yogurt. Mmmmm, it was delicious too. I couldn't eat the whole thing b/c it's a very heavy dish.Unfortunately, we couldn't order dessert since we were both so stuffed (and trying to cut back the sugar), but the desserts were very tempting.In short, this was a wonderful dining experience. Great service, romantic (although it was pretty loud), and awesome food. Highly recommended :)
I had the lambs that everyone was raving about.Maybe I had high expectations - the lamb chops were alright, but not enough to blow me out of my seat.Their greek beer (dont know the name) was really good and the waitress had good recommendations for the wine.Its was a good experience, but I dont know if I'll be a regular here.
This was serendipity. We were headed for the steakhouse next door and it was closed for an event. Decided to try this place and got the last table. Greek food that transcends the label. It is simply great food. Stuffed grape leaves are perfect. Tazikiki sauce is the best I have ever had. Lamb is incredible. Service is pefect...desserts are wonderful. Make a reservation and enjoy.
This place was so delicious! After a long plane ride to San Francisco, it was perfect with great wine and wonderful food. The waiter was Greek and was so entertaining and helpful. When I tried to order the ravioli, he told me to please not order that as it was fine but there were so many better items. I oredered the halibut and it was some of the best fish with such a flavorful sauce. If we lived there-we would be regulars. Loved it!
Wonderful! Everything about this restaurant is beautiful and the food is exquisite. Fabulous wine list, great service and did I mention the food? We look forward to going again. Reservations a must.
After today's experience, I want to give Kokkari 2 stars, but I'm going to be generous and give 3 because I've been here before and had a better experience. Not sure I'll be back again to see what the third time is like, however.Went there for lunch and I was surprised at how snoot-a-roo the place was. I mean, to have the host and waiter talking down their noses at you is a bit much, no? Must one have a steely and condescending attitude in order to deal with the hoity-toity, all day, every day? Well, maybe. But it didn't jive with me. Our waitress was nowhere to be found for our first 15 minutes there, and I didn't exactly have the time to take a leisurely few hours for our meal. Took an enormous effort to flag down another waiter to ask questions and hear about the specials, and then to flag down our waitress to take the order. Really? If I hadn't been with company and on a time schedule I would've walked out. On to the food. Tuna Souvlaki was great. Saganaki, great. Spanakotiropita, not good at all. Very, very little filling, all flake - dry and tasteless. Overall, not worth the price. Tuna, yes, the rest, no. That's all I got. Didn't have much time to savor the food as we were rushing to eat and make it out the door to our next appointment. And we gave ourselves an hour and half. C'mon, that should be plenty of time for lunch, it just requires your waitress to actually show up and do her job. Now that I've written it all down, yeah, I'm not going back.
Zucchini cakes, artichoke & eggplant skewers, the lamb, the soups, baklava, the sundae... everything, everything I tasted was so so so so good.The ambiance and layout are amazing...and even the elevator ride to the downstairs section for the bathroom won't annoy you. It's so upscale...but so homey that you won't feel awkward (as I sometimes do, being aware that I appear to be (as I am) a relatively young and obviously-on-a-budget student).Service was great. Friendly, professional, warm. The hostesses were more than polite, and very patient with our tipsy multiple cab requests (as a former hostess I can say that patience sometimes wears thin by the end of the night, but these girls were nothing but smiles and sweetness).Kokkari, expect to see much more of me once I'm living off paychecks instead of student loans.
Had one of the best meals of my life here.
Such great food! Came here with some friends and the service was outstanding and the food was just as great! Highly recommend.
I'm in LOVE with this place. We went here for date night and I can see why all the good reviews here. Thank u fellow yelpers!We ordered 4 apps:Zucchini Cakes--like mini veggie crab cakes. Grilled Calamari-tasty and stuffed with goat cheese.Grilled Octopus-bland, chewyKokkari Potatoes-okayEnded with the baklava ice cream. It was perfect! Tiny bits of baklava rolled into a praline ice cream. The service was superb and food was very tasty. If you like Greek food then you will be amazed with the flavors. Also, totally romantic ambiance.
Kokkari is a great place to take a large group for a dinner for business or pleasure. The elegant and classic atmosphere, paired with the exceptional service, makes dining at Kokkari a lovely experience. But lets get down to what is truly important, the food-Apps:- Flat breads with hummus assortment, eggplant dip- Octopus with lemon and olive oil- Seasonal watermelon salad with feta, olive oil and pine nuts- Fried zucchini cakes with tzatziki dipping sauce- Fried gypsy peppers with sea salt- Fried feta cheese dipMy Entree:- Lamb shank (slow braised) with orzoMy dessert:- Mixed berry bread pudding cake with vanilla bean ice cream.......Don't judge the quantity of the food- I was dining with 11 others. My only problem with Kokkari is the portion sizes- for both the entrees and desserts. All entree portions (including my co-diners Goat Stew), were extremely large. Too large. And even my dessert portion was too big for me (this NEVER happens). Other than that, our server was a true SF waiter- he was knowledgeable, attentive, and patient. Fabulous job, Kokkari!
This place has been reviewed 1,100 times so why another review you ask? Because Kokkari deserves it!First the pros: wonderful food. We had dolmas and grilled vegetables for appetizers, grilled dorado and branzini for main courses (served with cream sauce and olive oil, respectively) and frozen yogurt for desert.Additional plus - beautiful bar while you're waiting to be seated.Only downside was the service which was, well, odd. Wasn't bad, just had a strange vibe. Plates were also served in very rapid succession. If we hadn't asked them to slow down, we would have been done with dinner in 30 minutes...Note that the restaurant fills up nightly so make a reservation or be ready to wait a long time at the aforementioned bar.
My husband and I were not impressed with the food at Kokkari. Our meal started and ended on a good note. The zucchini cakes and pan fried cheese (Saghanaki) were tasty. The cheese tasted like Parmesan. Loved the custard filled filo (Galaktoboureko). We were disappointed with our entrees, however. My husband's lamb chops were overseasoned, and my quail was oily. I barely even touched my side of vegetables.
I really can't say enough about this place. The food is stellar!! I'm a Greek/Mediterranean fanatic. Anything from a hole in the wall to a four star, if its Greek, I'm game! I've eaten here a couple times but this is the first time since I started yelping. My date and I started off with the octopus appetizer. Delish! Nice and tender, very savory. We then split a salad (the one with cucumbers, tomatoes, feta, and bell peppers). Also really good, but they could have thrown in a couple more olives. For main I had the lamb skewer and he had the lamp chops. Both phenomenally flavored, great portion size, and cooked nicely! The service is commendable as well! The maitre d' and managers are all present and engaging. Our server, Daria, was beyond great. She was knowledgeable, helpful, and just a pleasure and there at all points when needed. I'm usually kinda picky with service too just cuz I'm in the industry and can't stand the servers who are there strictly for the money and don't take any pride in their restaurant or menu knowledge. Daria, you rocked!! Can't wait til my next visit. Gotta save them pennies up though cuz this restaurant is not for a budget dinner! It's worth every dollar though.
Excellent food. Very good service.
Great food executed perfectly. However I can't remember what I ate so that should tell you a lot.
Yumm! I went here for my birthday with friends based on the positive yelp reviews, and also because it was listed on the Bay Area's top 100 restaurants and I have to say that this place lives up to it's reputation. Awesome. I can't even pronounce have the names on this menu (primarily because my native tongue does not permit so many consonants to grouped together), but the Zuchini cakes are to die for and the lamb skewers had me dancing in my seat. I loved the ambiance - not too casual but the place wasn't teaming with pretentious nose-in-the-air, blue-bloods either. The waiters were very attentive. I would certainly go to this place again.
I can't think of enough good things to say. I was here twice; once at a booth, once at the bar - both different but great experiences. Amazing food, service, and atmosphere! Make sure you make a reservation.
Great apps... Lightly battered fava beans and gigantes. These are not to be missed. Entrees... Get the lamb. Shanks and chops are both excellent.Wine... Ask the sommelier about their Greek wines.Dessert... Rice pudding was good, but your best bet is the dish that is like a cream filled pastry with sweet cream ice cream. It has a long Greek name that I cannot recall.
I've grown up in Greece, so let me start by saying that this is not exactly "authentic Greek food", it's more like Greek food with a twist. Everything was well cooked and well presented; the pagoto baklava (baklava-flavored ice cream) was exceptionally good. For the food alone, this place gets 4 stars. I still feel that the "classy" Greek food combination is very bizarre outside of Greece (same goes for Spanish food), I'm not quite sure what to make of it. The service was a bit flaky, we had to wait for a while to be seated (which I do not appreciate), but we were given a complimentary olive flatbread to compensate for the delay (which I do appreciate). They brought us the food from the wrong table twice and our waiter was somewhat stiff. However, we were not rushed at all during our meal. It's a large and noisy restaurant, not exactly an intimate venue and as they do seem to shoot for the upscale type of establishment, they should really redo their ceiling!
I love Greek food, visited greece so many times so I know what authentic Greek food is all about. My favorite thing here is the tzatziki and I love their good quality olive oil.
5 for appetizers ! the entress definately needed more of a selection. We started with the gigante beans WOW they were out of this world. They were served in a caserole dish. The pita bread was great, we ordered the taztzekki sauce to dip it in. Next we ordered the calamari stuffed with feta cheese these were good not anything special a little bland. The greek salad was great fresh and chilled perfectly. We got 2 soups the lential with vegetables was great. The chicke lemon soup was awful way way to much lemon. The to point I found it inedible. The halibut was cooked to perfection and was serves with a fresh corn salad. The desserts were ok we got the baklava,
My fiance took me here for a surprise birthday dinner. It was fantastic. You walk in and it feels like a big Greek house, rustic and warm - props to the interior architect. We had the Octopus appetizer, which was great. I don't think I've ever had Octopus before, but I like Calamari, so I thought I'd like it and I LOVED it. The olive oil was so flavorful.We shared a the lamp chop entree, cooked med rare and it too was just perfect. We ended with a semolina custard filled filo with meyer lemon sauce.And our waitress, Jacquelyn, who had been working there for the past 4 years, was super knowledgeable about the food and the history of the restaurant and when she didn't know an answer, such as "Why do the Greeks cook with so much lemon?", she went to the chef to find out for us. (It's because they have an abundance, it's an acid that goes well with goat meat, which is the most popular meat in Greece and because it is a natural preservative."Overall, a fine dining experience - I'll definitely be back!
Excellent all around. Atmosphere, service,wine list and food all top notch.I would tell all locals and visitors to definately go here. We were in the smaller, front room which I thought was great. Really great when you have a great dining experience from start to finish.
Not a thing wrong with this place. Seriously. Every experience has been phenomenal. It's my "go to" for a nice place in San Francisco when I have to take colleagues from work who are visiting from out of town. I love to watch them ooh and ahh over the Favosalata Starter and seasonal berry dessert. The cost to quality of food is in your favor at Kokkari, and the service is just perfect. I'm notorious for asking a billion questions, especially with a menu where I can't pronounce more than half the items. I go with their recommendations every time and have never been let down.
I think the secret to being happy is finding a way to keep the magic alive. I have to admit, I was scared when Kokkari and I became serious. Was I really comfortable calling it my FAVORITE restaurant? What if there were other restaurants that I'd be missing out on? What if things soured? You see it all the time - a relationship with a restaurant starts out so promising, but then the restaurant starts slipping and you know their heart just isn't in it and you get the feeling that they're taking you for granted. I'm happy to announce that the magic is still very much alive for Kokkari and me. I was just there the other day and I got those butterflies in my stomach the second I walked in the door. All of these years and we've still got it. My meal was flawless - and the service was superb. I think Kokkari and I have a very long and happy future together.
So, got the chance to meet up with the GF BF on his work trip to the City - first stop, Kokkari!!! We arrived a little early for our resie and we were able to snag one seat at the bar for a little Cava action. I was simply amazed we got a seat as that is one tough seat to grab! Looked around and sure enough, there was Mr Willy Brown himself! Now I knew that I was officially in the Bay Area! We were seated shortly thereafter and sat in Jacquelyn's section who knows my GF BF since he eats there every time he is in OAK aka every week! As always, the wine list is extensive and delightful with lots of Med wines you don't see just anywhere, but some are marked up a bit more than I want to be comfortable with...Either way we were off on our way to gluttony! Although the entrees sounded amazing, we decided to make a meal out of the extensive starters and as expected, everything was fabulous! The Gigantes and Epiros Feta were the first to arrive! YUMMY! Those giant beans just make me melt! Next up, Kokkari Patates - these little slivers of heaven sure can fill you up, but they are so good (especially when drug through the yummy Gigante sauce!) Then the Octapodaki tou Yiorgou, the Aginares Souvlaki and Garides Yuvetsi showed up and all were delicious! I should add that I'm not usually a huge lover of Octopus, but the Kokkari version is divine!! (We also had the Kokkari salad, but it wasn't really anything to write home about, but still good!) At this point, we were stuffed so we threw in the towel once I finished my crack in a cup aka the Greek coffee (Metrio style)! Really a fantastic restaurant and sure hope to get the chance to inhale some more Kokkari soon!
Hands down one if the best restaurants I've been to in the US (and I travel nationally for work). The ambiance is fabulous and friendly. The servers are knowable and passionate about the food. I went with a group of colleagues and we all shared our plates. Every single dish was a flavorful journey into rich and authentic greek cuisine. The appetizers - grilled vegetables, zucchini cakes, calamari (with white beans) - all excellent. The lamb, shank and chop, amazing. The "greek shepards pie" was dense and full of flavor (you will be very full). One colleague ordered the pricey ribeye and it was cooked perfectly (worth it). I had the rotisserie of the day (Peking duck) which was melt in your mouth delicious. Honestly, you just cannot go wrong here. My only regret - I didn't have time for dessert. A must visit in SFO. Enjoy!
I think its the best greek food I've had!! Perfect place for a special date or an occasion!
The acoustics could use some improvement -- alternatively, I could focus on being louder, as I seem to have this same complaint a lot. The names are long, very long; I twisted my tongue trying to pronounce a few and I've been to Wales where place names like Llanfairpwllgwyngyll are rather common. Servings are generous. Price is about right, in me view.We had 2 appetisers and a main course. The server who rattled off the specials so fast that we lost track and she couldn't remember the first one until we jogged her memory. I highly recommend the grilled red snapper. Per appetisers, I'll let my companion handle that part, as she ordered for the both of us, and I'm unsure what she asked for at this point (read above for the long names complaint). In summary, good food, ok service, interesting cuisine. 5 stars.
the food and location, excellent. i had the fish. it was supberb. the place is hard to get into, and the clientelle is a bit on the annoyingly yuppie side, but the ambiance and dining made it a worthwhile visit. easy parking too.
Made late reservations with "open table" and was still able to get a table. The first table my girlfriend and I got wasn't very personal so we asked for a different one and we got a a great table after that. Food was impressive and flavorful, we ended up ordering most of the appetizers instead of main courses... And they were all great...
The food here is great! We had zucchini cake for appetizer, I had lamb chops and hubby ordered the duck. Both was good although I preferred mine better. :p The meat was really tender and melts in your mouth. Most the food they have on the many sounds really good and I would like to try something else next time. As for the dessert, we order something that wasn't on the menu. It was a nest like with honey and pistachio in it with a side of ice cream (I forgot what the flavor was). The ice cream was really delicious but the nest was too sweet for us. I would probably order just the ice cream without the nest.The only thing was our server. I don't know if she's new but it felt a little awkward the way she approached us and she forgot our coffee.Over all, the experience was great and we will definitely come back.
There are many places to eat in San Francisco. Many of the 'must eat' joints are pricey, with one or two dishes that really stand out. I am really tired of a lot of those places, finding many of them overpriced and inconsistent. Then there's Kokkari, a restaurtant I've read about for years, but visited for the first time last night. With Kokkari things are different. Kokkari is on your 'must eat' list because you must eat there. Trust me. It's nothing less than a necesscity. The dining room was large (in fact there were more than one of them). There was a wooden aesthetic, wooden blanks on the walls, making the environment cozy and warm. Even the elevator had this decor! My date and I sat down in the second dining room. It was full of people. Our server came up to us several time. I had a lot of trouble figuring out what to get and how much was too much to eat, and he helped us through the whole thing. We decided to get several appetizers and one entree. Here's what we ordered:Zucchini Cakes - with cucumber and mint yogurt dressingGrilled OctopusGrilled Lamp riblettesGigantes - Oven baked beans with marinara and feta cheeseGoat SoupThe Zucchini Cakes came first.. Upon first bite I was amazed by the thick creamy texture of the yogurt. Later I asked the server about that and he told me that it was made the tradional Greek style and that it was hung. It was sensational and the lightly fried cakes were also flavorful and perfect with the yogurt. Truly these were blissful bites. Then came the octopus (we originally ordered calamari, but they ran out. Such a smooth texture, very lightly flavored. I think the texture, rather than the marinade did it the most justice. I wish it had been a little more charred. Nevertheless, it was still damn good. The lamb riblettes came next. They fell off the bone, fell apart in your mouth like liquid. My date loved these, I wish they were a little more juicy, but I still thought they were tassssty. The beans came last. They were sizzling hot. I took a bite, and had a foodgasm. I love white beans and with marinera and Kokkari's potent feta (unlike any I've had) I was in heaven. The feta truly is extrodinary. Fortunately it was also in the goat souuup....I haven't had meals much better than the goat soup in my life. I thought that the appetizers would be the prime of the meal. I was wrong. The goat soup was mind blowing. MIND BLOWING. I kept telling my date, "Do you realize you took me on one of the best dining experiences of my life?" He didn't seem to register how important this was, but let me tell you, it was important! Not only were there succulent piecs of goat, feta cheese and artichoke delicious, there was also a cinnamon nutmeg flavoring that gave the whole dish this amazing savory-sweet taste that made me feel like my mouth would explod. I was in a state of complete delightment. If this is hedonism, give me more!We got a lemon dessert with pistachio ice cream. This was not my favorite part. I wish I had something else, but it was nothing to cry about, nor was my dessert wine. Did I also mention that we got a bottle of wine? It was pretty good, but not the best I've had. I was expecting a little better for this restaurant. In spite of this, and anything else I've complained about though you must go here. It is without a doubt incredible. I will definitely be back, and you should check it out too.
I had the honor to dine at Kokkari a few week ago for a work dinner and it was the BEST Mediterranean food I've ever had. Our VP selected 9 different dishes for a set dinner and everything was superb. I'm definitely taking K here on our next special occasion.The scene:The interior is very rustic, very Mediterranean. With dim lighting and a giant cozy fireplace, Kokkari makes for a perfect date spot. We sat in an intimate private room towards the back with 20 or so coworkers. Everything visual about this restaurant is perfect.Service was a little on and off for me. The waiters were very kind, but they kept hitting me on the head with the serving platters as they were serving each person around the table. One waiter even spilled a drop of tomato sauce on my lap from the meatball appetizer. Thank goodness my napkin was on my lap! He apologized and gave me an extra meatball to make up for it.The food:The food was outstanding! The only thing I didn't try was the Greek salad which consisted of tomatoes and cucumbers. It looked amazing, but I couldn't get myself to eat it because of the tomatoes.Kokkari Patates (oven roasted potatoes with oregano & lemon) - Wow, these were amazing. I never thought I'd love fries this much. The potato wedges were crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside.Soutzoukakia (grilled meatballs with tomato & green olive compote) - The meatballs were tender and juicy. It literally fell apart in my mouth once I popped it in. Good thing I got that second meatball!Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata with housemade grilled pita - The first dish on the table was the pita and dip platter. I was hooked on the Melitzanosalata which is a puree of eggplant and spices. I love eggplant, especially when it's turned into a smooth, creamy dip and paired with a warm fluffy pita bread.Horiatiki (classic Greek salad of tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, onion, oregano, olives & feta) - I think I might've offended the waiter when I told him I didn't want any salad. No offense to the restaurant, I just don't eat tomatoes!Makaronia (ravioli of winter nettles with mushrooms, pine nuts & feta) - This is probably one of the best raviolis I've ever had. I'm a big fan of nettles. Nettles are a kind of leafy vegetable that's been growing popular in restaurants within the last couple of years. The mild flavor of the nettles paired with the crumbled feta, crunchy pine nuts and creamy sauce made for a great contrast.Arnisia Paidakia (grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes) - WOOOOW! This was the best rack of lamb I've ever had. The meat was so tender, the knife cut through it like butter. The strong aroma and flavors of lemon and oregano were so Greek and so perfect for lamb. When I come back with K, I'm getting this dish.Kotopoulo Souvlas (lemon-oregano chicken with roasted root vegetables & Kokkari potatoes) - I never order chicken when I go out just because... it's chicken! It is so simple and can often be dry. I was amazed when I cut through this yogurt marinated chicken. It was so juicy and flavorful, I couldn't believe it was chicken!Sokolatina (flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream) - This may surprise you, but another WOW goes to this dish. This was a mixture of heavy, rich, smooth, creamy, chocolaty goodness. It was almost like eating pure chocolate ganache. The cake just melted in my mouth from the heat of my tongue.Turkish Coffee - The wait staff were taking after meal drink orders and someone shouted, "They have Turkish coffee!" In a spur of the moment, I said, "I'll have one of those!" Little did I know Turkish coffee is the strongest coffee out there. After one sip, I could just feel the jolt of caffeine run through my blood stream. At 9:30 at night, I regretfully put the coffee down and let that $6 tiny cup of coffee go to waste.
My favorite nice evening out place in San Francisco. That's saying a lot. I love the old world feeling, the great wine list, and the food is really tremendous. Service is very good, and it should be, because it's a very nice restaurant. Get a reservation, though. This place gets packed.So everyone thinks the food rocks, pretty much. I'd also like to give a huge shout out to whoever did the design in here. It's gorgeous.
Love almost everything about this place. Food, ambiance, service... so far, one of the best restaurants I've eaten at in SF.
Food, service, atmosphere...all perfect. Had baked branzino, which was one of the best fish dishes I've ever had at a restaurant. Zucchini blossoms, light and delicious. Lamb chops, delicious. Berry trifle-like dessert, YUM!Server was excellent, knowledegable and attentive.Have been back and everything was again amazing. The Greek yogurt with honey, figs, and walnuts for dessert? It's the best preparation of it I've had ANYWHERE.
Super lamb. The cure on their meat was wonderful. Drinks were strong. Ambiance was nice and a step up from what I expected.
We visited for dinner recently and what can I say that thousands haven't... this place is superb, both in service and food.I loved the ambiance... I had one of the best martini's in quite some time and the hubby was pretty content with his drinks as well. We ordered the shrimp and octupus appetizers and they were quite good. The moussaka was excellent as was the lamb shank (very large portion). Upon the recommendation of our server we ordered the baklava ice cream and it was the perfect end to a wonderful meal.
I used to love this place and I'm glad to see that after 2 years of being away, it's still amazing! My friend and I came here for lunch and split a couple of appetizers: Zuchinni cakes (delicious!!), saghanaki (yum), grilled octopus (just perfect!) and tzatziki (yum, oh wait I said that already, but it's just that good!!) and the orange blossom salad (more like dessert than a salad). While I didn't love the salad (too much cinnamon for my taste), the rest of the food was wonderful! This is easily my favorite restaurant! The food is just yummy and it's a nice place for a friendly lunch/dinner as well as a business gathering.Can't wait to go back!
I came to Kokkari for a friend's birthday and found the food to be delicious and the atmosphere very warm, relaxing and inviting. I loved walking past a giant hearth with freshly baked bread and an open kitchen to get to our table. Everything was very rustic and cozy.Since we were a larger party (10 people), we decided to order a bunch of appetizers and a few main courses to share. Highlights included the pita bread with various dips and hummus, white beans with olive oil and feta, grilled octopus (best octopus I've had in America, no joke. Not tough, cooked perfectly, very clean taste), halibut (so tender and a generous portion), moussaka and vegetarian ravioli.Service could have been a bit better. Our waiter seemed a bit brash, almost unhappy to have been dealing with us, even though we weren't rowdy or annoying (I didn't think so anyway). We picked up on some slight attitude a couple of times, but I do appreciate that they didn't charge for a cake cutting/serving fee, and were nice enough to plate each slice and serve it with what tasted like a chocolate sambuca drizzle.Prices seem on par with what you would pay at any other fine establishment in the city, and I would say portions are about average (though I found the fish to be a good amount). There are so many other tasty things on the menu that I would like to try; I am definitely looking forward to coming back again.
Kokkari, I love your food, but your skin lamp shades make me think of serial killers. They are creepy. And they are *everywhere*. Every table is within 3 feet of a creepy skin lampshade. Kokkari, Your fried cheese appetizer makes me drool. And your Kokkari sundae is amazing. But, seriously, get rid of the skin lamps. It is almost enough to make me stop coming back. Who did your decorating? Who thinks skin lampshades are a good idea?
GREAT!!!!!! WONDERFUL!!!!! LOVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!I have to say that i am very picky when it comes to food and restaurants.I gave Kokkari 5 stars because :1) Love the atmosphere there! It is so cozy, so romantic, so elegant.2) Love the selection of alcohol.3) Food is just delicious. They have a selection of small plates.Very,very good!!!! Salads and fish are fabulous.4)I loved their dishes and glasses-so elegant.5)The service was also 5 star.6)Not overpriced!Will definitely return there again!
I love this restaurant. Food is great, service is grand, and decor is warm.It's really hard to get a reservation. I wish it weren't, because I would go there more often.I wish it were a little more reasonable in terms of price. But I just go here for work events where someone else is picking up the tab. So it goes.
Ka-POW!... as soon as you walk in. Kokkari is one of those places where you want some of what's on the 20 plates of food you've just passed as you're being seated. Then, when you've taken your seat, you're really screwed because they drop a menu in front of you. One of the hardest places I've ever had to make a decision at. I've only been there once and luckily my wife was with me because that gave us an excuse to order a ton of dishes - soups, salads, sides, mains - it was all really good! BAM!
my fav restaurant in city. everything is perfect about if: delicious food, excellent service, pleasant atmospera.
I came here for lunch with a colleague. Been hearing great stuff about their lamb and octopus so i ordered both... i know it's a heavy meal for lunch, but this is place is kinda out of the way.Overall, I thought both dishes were pretty good. The octopus was prepared well and was tender. The lamb chop was BIG and grilled to medium rare. The marinate was flavorful. The prices were reasonable with decent service. Overall i had a good experience and enjoyed the Greek flavors.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Food is simply amazing. Any body who is going there for the first time, please try out their Zucchini cakes.
It is a Meditteranean restaurant that is a top spot in the city. While it was a nice dinner, I didn't think it was amaaaazing. We shared some apps that included:-Saghanaki - pan fried Kefalograviera cheese with lemon & oregano-Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalatawith housemade grilled pita (Basically pita's with different sauces)For dinner, I had a wonderful ravioli. It was soooo good - Makaronia - ravioli of roasted butternut squash & feta with mushrooms, brown butter & toasted hazelnutsI think I would go back and get that ravioli. It was a nice atmosphere and great food. We did feel a little rushed at the end of the dinner to leave our table though. Overall, a great dinner!
For dating a Greek for five years... I rarely crave Greek food. But for some reason, I was craving greek lamb chops... So we came here for dinner. Appetizers: Octapodaki tou yiorgou - Grilled octopusa plate of 3 dips: Melitzanosalata (eggplant dip), Tzatziki, and Tirosalata (cheese dip). It was served with a plate of pita bread, cucumbers, and pickled veggies and 2 dolmathes for dipping. All were scrumptious!!!! My fave was the eggplant one (and I hate eggplant!!!). - grilled lamb meatballs in a tomato sauce. =) All three were so yummy... especially the octopus.. it was grilled to perfection and super tender. Main dish.. Of course I got the grilled lamb chops grilled at a perfect medium rare.... YUM!!! It came with potatoes. The hunny-bun had the special which was a braised goat stew baked with artichokes and feta all in a cast iron dish. Sooooo delish... And the Greek mom had the Kalimari as her entree.. she scarfed it down in 5 seconds... For dessert.. I HAD to get the baklava ice cream. For someone who doesnt care for ice cream.. i definitely inhaled it at lightening speed. It was creamy ice cream laced with chopped nuts, baked filo dough, and marbled with caramel. =) With all of the above.. plus 2 alchy drinks.. it came out to $154.. Super good deal.. not pricey at all. =) Service was attentive and fast. =) Will be coming back here again when I crave Moussaka and too lazy to make it!
This is difficult because first of all i have always heard amazing things about this place and...i have lived in Greece and while my expectations are very high...i know the fact of this cuisine is easy... it is ingredient driven and if you are not using the best ingredients you have no chance......secondly if you dont season i.e. salt & pepper you are done for ...and thirdly if you dont know how to properly cook food well then what are you doing in this business...practice at home if you need more experience..dont send it out to me @ a $100 Lunch check... Thankfully our server ended up having a nice personality and the entire service went very smooth..no mess ups/no forgotten anything..so i was happy with that....Sooo it doesn't seem so hard right, get good ingredients, season them and cook them right...I have to start off with the fact that we went here for LUNCH on Tuesday...which typically as anyone knows who works in the industry it may not be the best time to get the best food at any restaurant...anyway, we went.For starters i think our server was a little put off in the beginning that he had a younger couple not in business attire. We stuck out like a blistered thumb lol we were dressed up nice too...but not in boring black pants/skirt and a white button-up...SO we ordered:Lamb meatballs, Grilled Octopus, Saganaki, Souvlaki special and Halibut...Meatballs: Tasty...not hard and overcooked, seasoned well and had great flavor, must have been marinated before? The sauce was also very good...probably made the dish...Grilled Octopus: I personally didn't like the meaty texture of the Octopus...but that is a given considering what part of the Octopus they were using...i really enjoyed the lemon olive oil concoction that they were swimming in though--later on dipped my lemon potatoes in it and they were perfect!Saganaki: I really just wish they flamed this @ the table because you have to eat it as hot as possible. AND wish they served Pita with it...never had it without Pita served on the side...Souvlaki: The PITA here is the best i have had in the city...seriously. The overall flavor of the souvlaki was good..but the meat was not as moist as it could have been(AKA over cooked) and it wasn't even seasoned...sooo even pork that should always taste like delicious heaven tasted bland and hard. Halibut: OVERCOOKED...sent back : ( sorry...but not worth eating...All in all i would give Kokkari another try....maybe mid summer when all veg/fruit is at it's peak and for dinner service.....hope it is better! : )
We both had lamb dishes one the chops and the other a skewer and I thought they both lacked salt . The foods were not overwhelmed with flavor, in fact the opposite ,it lacked flavor. The only thing very favorable were the wedges of potatoes that came with the dish since it soaked up all the lemon-oregano oil that was from the dish. I could barely eat the potato since it was so sour from all the lemon-oregano sauce. The ambience was nice, the food meh, my knife dull that I could barely cut through the tendons in my lamb skewer and desserts weren't amazing but just okay. Although they did have a wonderfully expensive wine list. Would I come back. Most likely not!
Words can not describe how much I love Kokkari! It is by far my favorite restaurant in the city. I have to give credit where credit is deserved, my boyfriend actually introduced me to this place, I knew there was a reason I loved him, and I am so glad he did! We usually go there for special occasions just because it can definitely get a little pricey. The food is just so fresh, and homemade. Everything that I have tried there has been delicious and I DREAM about the Zucchini Fritters on a nightly basis, and that is just an appetizer! If you go to Kokkari, get the Lamb, you will not be disappointed, and if you are disappointed then your an idiot because that Lamb is damn good! Definitely a great date place or for a big group gathering, if you are willing to spend a little money.
The food was really good. The service was pretty fast. The sundaes are reallly good. It was one of the best meals I had in a while.
Another excellent restaurant in the Jackson/Battery area.We have eaten here twice. Both times excellent and expensive. My wife has the Branzini and thought it was the best fish she had ever eaten.
**THE** place for the power lunch. Not some place I go on a regular basis, but a very nice, if, rare lunch escape. Once you walk in, it feels as if you have been whisked away to NY or LA.. Men in power suits, women all decked out. Service as expected is top notch - food comes out accurate and quickly and delicious. Wait staff understands that you are likely having a business meeting so they don't get in your face and interrupt.  Despite being a huge restaurant, it's quiet and private enough to have a true conversation (good acoustics!)Ambiance, it's a given - top notch, beautiful. Food - yummy. The things to order:Tsatiki (pardon the spelling)grilled fish, what ever the daily specialgrilled octopusavgolemono (lemon, chicken rice soup)
I came here for a work function, and it sure was a great place. I would definitely come here to impress a girl on a date or celebrate some special occasion. The service was good and so was the food. For appetizers we ordered the octopus, lamb skewers. and something else that I can't remember. We actually asked the waitress which were the best appetizers, and she recommended pretty much any of the appetizers are good. For dinner I had the basil chicken, which was tasty and moist. Most places, that cook a half chicken, get the breast part of the chicken dry, but that was not the case here. My only reason why I gave this place 4/5 stars is just because they didn't have much of a selection with chicken, there was only 1 entre for chicken. I know the place is known for there lamb, which they have an open display of a lamb roasting on a fire pit. For appetizers, we had baklava, baklava ice cream, and koulourakia. All 3 were really good. If you are going with on a date, I would recommend only getting one dessert. They are small portions for dessert, but they are really rich.Hope this review helps!
I went to Kokkari last night at 9:00pm and it was still packed. For a Monday night in San Francisco, that speaks volumes. Kokkari is one of the best restaurants in the city with awesome service and food. The manager makes his way around the room(s) to speak with guests and shake hands, which is the sign of a well-run place. Staff is on top of their game and service flows really smoothly. They don't rush you out the door and are very attentive. I had fried cheese, moussaka, and an amazing pastry dessert. I can't wait to come back.
Kokkari is definitely the best Greek restaurant that I've ever eaten at.  I came here on a Tuesday night and it was surprisingly jam packed. The first sign that there is good food here, lots of patrons on a weekday. Highlights:Appetizers: The stuffed calamari and Saghanaki (fried cheese). These two really stood out out of all the appetizers we tried. Mains: The lamb chops, lamb shank, roasted lamb special and whole fish. They all were delicious and came in very generous portions. Desert: The Galaktoboureko, which was recommended by our waitress, was my favorite desert that night. There was even a little incident where one of the patrons behind us was being too much of an attention whore and gave off this ridiculously heinous high pitched laugh every few minutes. Management took care of that quickly and professionally.All in all, Kokkari is an excellent choice for a nice dinner. Amazing food, plentiful portions, an elegant atmosphere and plentiful street parking. What else could you ask for?
excellent food and service. pricey, but you should know that already going in.
holy.... their lamb chops are to DIE FOR. amazing, juicy and cooked perfectly. We were accidentally served their eggplant skewers....I will never think of eggplant as boring again. it was ridiculously good. I thought the smelts were a little ehhh, especially compared to Evvia in Paly, but everything else was out of this world. The service is also great. We couldn't pronounce anything on the menu but the waitress was friendly and gave us some great recommendations.only thing is...make sure you are on time for your reservation! they are constantly booked, and only hold the table for 10-15 minutes (we almost missed ours!). YUM need to go back.
Opa! I'm biased, because I'm Greek, so I love Greek food. Kokkari is delish. It's also pretty cute inside with communal tables. I was part of a larger group so we had one table to ourselves though. The menu has so many great things it was tough to decide. The waiter was helpful and suggested we go family style on appetizers and desserts. Worked out mighty well, I got to sample some awesome stuff! Can't wait to get back. So good.
I went there a few years back while attending a conference. I read that they did a huge renovation, so I was looking forward to trying it out. The restaurant is beautiful. Rustic, yet tastefully done without it being "too commerically Greek." I got there after lunch (around 4PM), only to be told that they break in between lunch and dinner. I was invited to stay and have appetizers and drinks at the bar. After 5PM, I was able to have dinner. I ate the spinach pie appetizer, pita with carmelized onions olives and feta, egg lemon soup, Greek-style steak with potatoes, and rice pudding. I also had a few beers, mixed drinks and really, really good wine. Needless to say, I was there for about five hours and spent over $125, but with all the food and drinks--it was worth it. I somehow gain a superhuman appetite when I'm out of town. The funny part was that I met my cousin who lives in the area the next night at, you guessed it, Kokkari! I didn't have the heart to tell her I was there the previous evening. : )
We came here after a long day of riding bikes around the Bay..which was somewhat delightful despite receiving an unexpected long facial of rainwater.We were greeted warmly the the hostess despite being 20 minutes late and with only 1/3 of our party. They let us chill at our table w/ some olives while waiting for a party which was very nice of them since most establishments get pissy when ur late and are incomplete.The decor had a warm, Mediterranean feel that felt cozy despite the tons of people around you. It transported you to somewhere definitely non-American which is definitely a good thing.So far so good right? So why 3 stars...Well...the FOOD.It was decent at best and hit flat most of the time. The appetizers I felt outdrew the entrees which is never a good thing. Zucchini Cakes/Grilled Octopus - I never order veggie dishes..esp at expensive restaurants since I feel its not worth the money. But surprisingly these cakes had a nice pop to it and the texture was perfect. The octopus was also grilled nicely and was very refreshing. It was a good start that got me excited about the next course.Lamb chops - I ordered this based upon rave reviews and I had to say was not impressed. The lamb was cooked well but lacked seasoning and punch. The sides also were bland and I felt like something was missing overall. Just didnt have the flavor I was looking for in a Lamb dish that I've had at many other places. Sad.Braised ShortRib over Pasta - This was opposite of the Lamb. WAY too salty. Everything was cooked well just tasted too much of the sodium which hid all the other flavors of the dish. Double Sad.Baklava - Wow...talk about dumping sugar and then some. All I can think about when eating this is how many cavities I will be getting. Did not like it too much.Wine - Ordered a bottle of Cab from Sonoma...this was tasty at least!As you can see, despite the great service and decor, the food is the MOST important of any review and experience and it definitely was sub-par in my opinion. Coupled with the fact that it was on the pricier side (~65$/person), I left feeling blase about the food but still happy with the company.3 Stars it is.
We finally went to try Kokkari and it was a fantastic experience. The service and main dishes were 5 stars, a few appetizers like smelt fish and greek salad were a disappointment  but amazing service and delicious entrees made it all up. Will definitely recommend.
Delicious appetizers. Very classy place, must go!
I can't say anything that hasn't already been said... this place is the best, the food is outstanding, a fantastic SF dining experience. Comfortable and warm atmosphere.
After going to Kokkari for a business lunch meeting, I wish I could go here for business lunch meetings every time...how sweet would that be?  They were ridiculously busy for a mid week lunch and no wonder it's so crowded, I bet everyone and their brother in the Financial District are here on "business" meetings. I think it just might be a good excuse to get some good food on company money.The appetizers we dined on were the feta & olives, grilled calamari, and some kind of melted cheese appetizer on bread. The grilled calamari was excellent but a lot different than I was expecting. I was expecting some chopped up squid that would be generously grilled over the fire. What we received was 4 small pieces of squid (the size that you buy to go fishing including the tentacles) stuffed with feta, fennel, & orange with black olives. That was really the highlight of my entire meal. I thought I'd be a little adventurous and have the mousakka which was supposed to be a spiced lamb casserole with eggplant, potato, and yogurt. What it really turned out to be was a mixture of stuff that didn't go very well together but was extremely filling. They did not skimp on how much of that grounded up lamb you got. Do not expect to go home hungry with this entry but I'll go with the grilled ahi tuna next time I dine at Kokkari.
When you are eating at a Greek restaurant at a table next to Michael & Olympia Dukakis, you know the place has got to be good. My hubby & I ate dinner here last Saturday night. He is from Greece so he knows the real deal when he tastes it. I lived in Greece for 2 years so I like to think I know good Greek food. This place is as close to authentic Greek food as you can get in the Bay Area as far as I'm concerned.I love that this place is fancy but not pretentious. Everyone from the hostess to the servers to the bread guys to the manager were all professional & friendly. Any restaurant that can cook octopus correctly gets an A+ in my book. Kokkari's grilled octopus was tender, juicy, & flavorful. I wish I knew their secret! They must beat the hell out of it just like they do in Greece. We also ordered the roasted beets with skordalia (garlic dip). The garlic was not overpowering but went perfectly with the sweetness of the beets. For the main course I ordered their whole roasted fish. I can never pass over whole fish on a menu. I tried...I really did. The fish is served simply with olive oil & fresh lemon juice. You can't beat the taste. To my hubby's delight they offered a version of kokoretsi, lamb innards roasted over the fire. He loved it...almost like Easter back in Greece. For dessert we had the galaktobouriko, a smooth custard inside filo dough. YUM. As we were heading back to our car later that night there were fire engines surrounding the place. The roof of the restaurant was on fire! I never did find out what happened...I hope everything is all right?
So far this is the best greek place I have been to.Kevin L. and I came here for a night in the city. Both of us were dressed up and I liked how the maitre d offered to take our coats for us. Points right there since a lot of places I know don't offer to do this. We were also seated right on time - we had made reservations. We ordered three appetizers and two entrees - the zucchini cakes, grilled octopus, calamari, the halibut steak and lamb. The zucchini cakes were AWESOME, and the octopus had an interesting flavor. The calamari was just average, but still tasty. As for the entrees, I really enjoyed the lamb. We didn't order any dessert here, but I really enjoyed the whole dining experience. Our server was also very attentive, and even made a few recommendations for us. Would definitely like to come back again!
One of our top clients was in town and I had to take them somewhere special.One of my colleagues suggested Kokkari and I am so pleased we went with his suggestions.My clients are very used to being wined and dined and they loved the food and atmosphere.As a vegetarian there were plenty of options for me too. If you need to impress a business contact or client then this is a great place. Top marks!
I would give it a 4.5 stars, if I could! I really loved the food here, very authentic and delicious. As a previous Greek food server at Athens on 4th in Tucson, Az ( yelpers ever in Tucson should stop by this restaurant if they like Kokkari! ) I would say I am a pretty good judge!I had the sea bass whole fish, it was perfectly moist and fresh. We also had the zuchini cakes and the calamari. The appetizers were a little small but like another yelper said, they are supposed to be that way!  I hate when the appetizer fills you up before the meal comes. They were very appetizing and delicious! The main course was huge as it was a WHOLE fish including the tail and head. I got the fish with the avolemeno sauce and it was awesome! The service was great, our server was very polite and checked on us often. Kind of a lot of businessy Financial district types here, but I liked the vibe. Classy and elegant. I also give them props for remember it was my birthday from when my boyfriend called for the reservation. I felt very taken care of! I would definitely recommend this place for a birthday dinner or a special occasion.
Finally was able to try this place and it was every bit as good as I had hoped, and more!First of all, I really liked the ambiance. We had an earlier dinner and the restaurant was not too full, but by the time we left it was very busy. Service is excellent - friendly, knowledgeable servers and never intrusive.We had the lamb meatballs, tzatziki, grilled octopus, pan-fried cheese and fava beans to start. Everything was delicious. For dinner, our table tried a variety of entrees - the rotisserie special was pork and it was wonderful, but definitely not a lean choice. I had the lamb chops, which were excellent. We left saying how much we enjoyed dinner and couldn't wait to return to try something else.
Wow.Came here last Sunday and we had:Arnisia Glossa - lamb tongueArnsisia Paidakia - grilled lamb chopsLavraki - Mediterranean sea bassBaklavaEverything was incredible (except dessert). The flavors, textures and combination of herbs/spices totally impressed me. I can't say I've had a better plate of perfectly cooked lamb chops. The baklava was ehhh.. I'm not a dessert person anyways. Should've gone with an additional app instead. Super extensive wine list. We tried about 4 different reds and were pleased with all of them. Love that they highlight wines from their Napa/Sonoma neighbors up north. If you want a red and are unsure.. go for the Duckhorn Cab. Especially if you're getting the lamb or rib eye.Service was on point. Our server was very attentive, more on the professional side than on the personable side but that's ok.Overall a great date, special occasion, or group spot. There's a fireplace that adds to the romantic feel. The decor is rustic and although the space is large, there's a subtle charm to this place.
Great restaurant with authentic and fresh fare. Some great twists on traditional dishes, as well. Service is always on par, too. Love it! Kali orexi!!
Ask for Perry's section if you come here. I put my entire experience on his hands when he said, "trust me." He picked menu items that I wouldn't have and they were absolutely amazing!!!! This place is a "must see," if you're visiting San Fran. But its only perfect if Perry is on your side.
The pita bread was so soft and great with the dips. The beets were crunchy and flavorful. The lamb chops were melt in your mouth goodness and the potatoes that accompanied the lamb was cheesy and crunchy. It was just a great meal. It's a really pretty restaurant, perfect for a date or just a night out with the girls.
This place is simply amazing, and honestly a great value. For starters I had the octopus, which had very nice texture too it.  For the main I had the lamb shank, and it was cooked to perfection. The meat super tender and just falling off the bone. My brother went with the lamb skewer, which we both though was pretty good. Service was excellent. Worth every penny.
{{shrug}} I really wanted to like Kokkari, and had high expectations. A friend and I went for a late lunch after shopping in the city. We arrived at 2:00, were seated quickly, and were presented with a basket of bread and a small dish of salt. We requested olive oil for dipping, and then waited...and waited...and waited. The lunch crowd had died down, the restaurant was not crowded at all, so it was puzzling. A party was seated next to us, and the same thing happened. No olive oil, even after requesting it. My friend and I ordered four small dishes to split. When the first two arrived, they finally brought the olive oil, after we'd filled up on dry bread (we were starving). The zucchini cakes were delicious, and the dolmathes were -- well, they were dolmathes. We ordered a small dish of prawns in sauce, and the prawns had an artificial, metallic taste I couldn't place. We also got a dish of fried cheese, which was tasty, but very, very salty, and swimming in oil. Even splitting it, my friend couldn't finish her half. She had a glass of wine with lunch, and we both had coffee, and split a dessert. The tab? $45 each (including tip) for lunch. Not cheap.I have been to Evvia in Palo Alto and had a much better experience. Also, another thing happened that really gets on my nerves. It's very irritating when an inexperienced waitperson barges into your table with nary an "excuse me" when you are clearly in the middle of a conversation, cuts short your discussion, and blocks your view of your lunch companion with arms, dishes, glasses, etc. If I'm paying almost $50 for lunch, I want to be treated a little better than that.
This place + my good friends = THE BEST BIRTHDAY DINNER of my life thus far.I want to take everyone for their birthday here!!! Is how flippin good this place is!!!!!!!!!Lamb chops. Get the lamb chops.BEST lamb chops ever. Best meat I've ever had in my life. Period!And I don't even like lamb! As my good friend Leslie H. says "if it isn't cooked right, it tastes like B.O." EXACTLY!This lamb...was sent straight from the heavens and seasoned perfectly with a citrus-y spice rub. So tender I gave a hoot less that we were eatin fancy, picked up the chops, and began gnawing at the bones for all its tender juicy fatty goodness.*drool**ahem*"Even the potato wedges are so freaking good!" Joe L. exclaims. Yes! Even the potatoes.Other great things I enjoyed that you MUST get: - Zucchini Cakes- Grilled Octapus- "Galaktoboureko": semolina custard in filo with quince spoon sweet & pistachio ice cream ---- all my fellow diners LOVED this dish.---SERVICE---Very very friendly and attentive and accommodating. Our waiter was very smiley -- I appreciated that! I love how he went around and served the zucchini cakes individually to everyone. Love love loveeeeeeeeee personal service and wait staff with personality!!!And the runners constantly refilled our water.I planned my birthday dinner here one month in advance, and though I had to change my party # so many times (up until the very last minute) -- they were still very courteous and understanding. ---AMBIANCE---So simple and beautiful. Classy, rustic, homey, dim lights, plush couches, long wooden tables, with a splash of Mediterranean tapestries here and there . PERFECT.---FINALLY---You MUST come here for your birthday. And your anniversary. And to celebrate your graduation. And life!!!!!!! Whatever! Make up a reason! Just come. Please? Thank you.I WILL BE BACK.
Very good: nice atmosphere, good friendly service, great food, reasonable price.I had Octapodaki tou Yiorgou which was flavorful and tender. Not a typical octopus/squid dish. Entree was Makaronia which was quite flavorful but a little soft in texture -- I prefer al dente, but admittedly that may be harder to achieve with ravioli than with other pastas. Dessert was Yiaourti me Meli, a terrific combination of tart thick Greek yogurt and intensely sweet honey and dates. I've had this dessert at one other fine Greek-American restaurant so one can say it's not unique, but it was very well executed.The wine list was fairly extensive and reasonably priced -- I had a good Malbec.Excellent place. A tad high priced but not overtly so.
4.5 StarsToday was my first time dining at Kokkari for my 4 yr anniversary with the BF. i didn't want to have dinner at a fancy mancy, romantic, and quiet restaurant so Bonnie Y. suggested Kokkari because it was one of her favorite restaurant. Nevertheless, i couldn't agree with her more. i love the old fashion, antique but modern decor. The seating area is kinda loud due to many people talking and chilling by the bar but i love the comfortable seats. i felt like a queen sitting in the tall throne type chairs. Our menu:Appetizers:1. Kolokithokeftethes (crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing): MY FAVORITE -- soo good especially with the mint yogurt dressing2. Kalamari (grilled calamari stuffed with feta, summer beans with black olives): We thought it fried calamari but i was glad we made the mistake because it grilled to perfection. It was kinda salty but still very flavorful. Entrees:1. Arnisia Paidakia (grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes): The lamb chops was perfect especially since i had the lamb medium rare. The potatoes were huge like french fries but again, kinda salty for my pallet. 2. Moussaka (traditional casserole of eggplant, lamb, potato & yogurt bchamel): Don't be discourage by the portion size but in fact the casserole is filled with lots of lamb, potatoes and eggplant. The BF was stuffed! Total cost of the meal: around $90 with drinks.Our waiter was very attentive and never hesitate to refill our drinks. He was really nice and at the end of the meal he surprised me with a complimentary chocolate cake for my anniversary. I assume the BF had something to do with it. Overall, Kokkari made my anniversary very memorable and i cant wait to come back again. The only reasons that prevented me to give Kokkari 5 stars was the saltiness. For some reason some of the food made my lips really dry and plus you have to take the elevator to the bathroom? Plus parking can be a little hard but there is a parking lot nearby or maybe you can get lucky and find street parking. Greek Food IS LOVE. Kokkari was name the BEST Greek and Mediterranean restaurant in SF by 7x7 Magazine.
All time favorite SF restaurant! Go! Make a reservation and enjoy. Ambiance and vibe, super cool.....Bring your visa card.  :-)
Had a lot of friends rave about this place and a whole other group of friends trash it.I now question my friendship with those haters...This place is phenomenal. FA-NOM-INALDecor feels like you are in a comfortable greek establishment.Service is outstanding and they are incredibly knowledgeable.The place is really big, but each room is very nice and has it's own flair to itThe food was really incredible.Gigantes are amazing, beets and yogurt sauce were the best beets i've ever had, zucchini pancakes were also great, but of the three was the weakest.The greek salad is great, with oversized, fresh, ripe cucumbers, olives, feta and tomatoesThe special grilled whole branzino fish was unreal - the veggies on the side (tomatoes, onions, couple green beans, and potatoes) were sauteed incredibly - very freshTo cap this dinner we had the sundae fir dessert- not the typical Greek dessert - yet it was mammoth and incredibly tastyThis place is definitely for an occasion of a great night out...Would go back / reccommend in a heartbeat.
Yep - it's as good as everyone says.Was a bday treat to come here and very happy. I put this first as i didn't see the price and have heard places in the financial get great ratings bc most of the time, work pays. However, the BF paid and he agrees with the outstanding review. Essentially - if you get work to pay for dinners, get over here or save for special occasion. Or if you are blessed, go every day.Kokkari lets the food speak for itself. Fish of the day is literally fish from head to tail (deboned if you wish) - lemon juice, olive oil, spices. Mustard greens as a side but really no need for em. Starter was grilled artichoke and eggplant on skewers - again, simple dressing but QUALITY food so it is very good - the natural flavors are delicious and my mouth is watering thinking of them.Great service - recommended a great bottle of wine not on the list and decent price (didn't just recommend the most expensive). He also remembered our names from the reservation. Was great!
It is impossible to not love this place. The service, the atmosphere and, above all, the food is amazing. Whenever people ask me for a restaurant suggestion, Kokkari is on my short list - it's a slam dunk.This past weekend, we went with a group and requested in advance the 6-top that they have positioned right near the hearth in the front room. They not only had the table reserved for us, but were able to seat us early. How often does that happen, especially at 8:30pm on a Saturday. This worked out really well for our out-of-town guests and set the scene for a great night of eating, drinking, and more eating.It is no wonder that Kokkari is considered to be one of the top Greek restaurants in the US. Their food is fresh, elegant and beautifully executed. How excited am I that we have some leftover moussaka waiting in the fridge?!?I cannot wait to go back!
Our group of 6 showed up early for an early reservation planning to have a drink in the bar, but the hostess said that our table was ready and we were welcome to enjoy a cocktail at our table. She was very friendly and showed us to our seats. The restaurant is very nicely laid out and decorated and the seating/dining area was very comfortable. Our server, Pacshalis, showed up and asked if we would like to order appetizers. We said that we would like to have cocktails first and he seemed to get a bit miffed over this. He reluctantly took our drink orders and returned after they were served to take our dinner orders. He had trouble remembering the specials and when asked some questions, such as whether their lamb was American or not he asked, "What do you mean?" We said is the lamb raised in America or NZ or some other place? He said something like, "It is raised in America if that is what you like." Yeah, right. He seemed like he was being bothered and was very snotty. I tried to order some wine for the table, but he just walked away without acknowledging anything. He ended up standing at a waiter's station maybe 10 feet away from our table so I got up and went to order some wine. He wouldn't even look at me or answer me and pretended to be studying the order list he was carrying. It wasn't until another waiter asked me if he could help me that our waiter finally acknowledged me and took the order.Our food was a mixed bag. It was all nicely presented, but some was very tasty and as described and some was clearly inferior and not what we were told.Our party ordered two of the specials that evening: A grilled veal chop cooked rare, and a rotisserie grilled pork loin chop. The veal chop was baby beef, not veal, even though we asked if it was really veal or baby beef and were told that it was definitely veal. The rib bone was well over an inch across, which was way too large for veal, and they had cut half of the meat off so the actual chop was about 1/2" thick or less and then cooked it till it was overdone and chewy. The pork chop was not a chop at all - it was pork shoulder - and contained mostly large chunks of fat. Both diners were very disappointed in these "specials" that were in the $35+ range.Two of us had the grilled quail, which was very tasty, and two others had a couple of traditional Greek entrees, which they enjoyed. And, the grilled octopus appetizer was fantastic.We may return, but would definitely like a different server - one who knows the menu, is honest, and is friendly.
Be sure to make a reservation if you have more than a few of you dining. My lamb was so yummy and tender, good stuff. I tried a dessert, I forget the name, but it was awesome! The service was great. We were there once and had a really annoying waiter (an older guy from Europe). He was very sarcastic and short with us. Other than that, we have always had a good experience at Kokkari.
Such amazing food, service and atmosphere. You have to make a reservation in advance and don't plan on getting seated without one because it's always packed because it's so damn good! The grape leaves are so good as are the lamb balls!
This was a true dining experience! Since one of my friends knew the owner, we got to dine in the private room located a floor below the actual restaurant... SO cute. The decor is amazing and the lighting and music gave the room a cozy, comfortable feeling -- as if we were dining miles away in a small greek village. Our waitress was so patient (we were quite a large group) and the service was great. Don't even get me started on the food! We got appetizers - the octopus and the plate with a few dips. I got the ravioli as my entree. The food was extremely fresh, especially my ravioli (it tasted like the vegetables were just picked that day!), and were presented really nicely. I feel like I had a great dining experience here and definitely urge you to try it if you are looking for a classy dinner with great food!
It's hard to imagine anyone giving this place less than 4 stars. It's easy to see that it is a well oiled machine that is busy every night. I wouldn't hang out with a lot of the clientele on a personal level, but the lamb dishes were ridiculously good. I think we had 7 servers working our table, and it was spot on. Very impressed. My buddies did feel under dressed with jeans and a polo, so that was annoying, but the amount of cougars in there more than made up for it.
LAMB CHOP ENVYWent to Kokkari last night with clients. Two of us had the lamp off the rotissserie but I must say, the guy who got the chops looked just a tad bit happier. I wish I'd had the chops to get the chops. (But, as I've explained before, my wife's lamb chops are out of this world so it's probably all for the best.)We were lucky to get a reservation as this place is very popular these days.Had some amazing appetizers -- octopus, brussel sprouts (with bacon), grilled calamari, and some flatbread with the restaurant's signature spreads. Yum yum. Apparently everything tastes better when you give it a funny name!Lamb, lamb, chops, and fish. The four of us were very happy. I loved that the restuarant gives you a "have it your way" experience on the fish. Want it served completely "sanitized"? OK, we'll remove the head and tail and filet it for you all in advance of bringing to the table. Want to cut it up yourself? OK, we'll let you do that, too.Dessert? Of course. Baklava, Baklava Ice Cream, Baklava Ice Cream, and some sort of greek version of a profiterol (ended up not being that great). Baklava ice cream is pretty darn good.  I also didn't think the greek coffee was that good. Tempted to say that was just personal taste but I have had turkish coffee that I thought was very good. Soooo.....who is really to blame here, folks? Either Kokkari blew it on my coffee or they have to admit that turkish coffee is better than greek coffee.Despite the waiter's warning, I accidentally ate the clove that was stuck in the top of my baklava. Man, that was a bit unpleasant!! I think it was their idiot test.I failed.Except for the part where everything else was really good.
Went here with my girlfriend and her parents after reading the awesome reviews.Everything we ordered was great, we started with the greek salad and the kokkari salad.I had the lamb kebab and oh.my.god. It was amazing. They also had the best tzatziki sauce I've ever had.While all the food was amazing, my only complaint would have been that we were placed at a table right next to the door, which left most everyone at the table freezing cold. I say that this WOULD have been a complaint because, after mentioning that we were very cold (at the end of the meal) the manager came out and told us that the meal was on the house, and that when we came back next time, we would get a better seat. Now that is amazing customer service. I have NEVER been to a restaurant that has given a free meal to keep a customer happy.Cliff notes: amazing food, amazing customer service.
Easily my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. Deliciously prepared food. Fantastic wine selection that is perfectly complemented to the dishes.And the ambiance is so classy. A wonderful place for a date, or maybe even a business dinner. I could totally imagine having a rehearsal dinner here. Just a really special treat for the soul and the palette.
My friend and I had a blast here. Our server was hilarious and awesome. He knew the entire menu and the entire wine list so he had great suggestions and we were so impressed with ever dish we ordered. We had the stuffed Kalamari, feta-jalapeno pita dip and the sea bass. All the flavors were memorable. We literally hugged our waiter when it was time to leave!
Kokkari Estiatorio is fantastic. What an incredible space-- on first reaction, the restaurant seems cosy but as you're led to your table, you soon find this place is gigantic. The atmosphere is perfect for a business dinner smack dab in middle of the Financial District. Their portions are definitely generous. I got the lamb rack special that night and was amazed by its tender juiciness. We had a vegetarian at the table as well who was limited to the sides but also found the offerings superb. I've also had friends straight from Greece tell me Kokkari is the place to go-- that's when you know this foodie destination is a must-do.
Kokkari is amazing! We had a late dinner (9:30) but the restaurant was completely filled! My friend and I arrived early and were greeted by the host. Unfortunately, there werent any seats at the bar but there was an extremely nice man (the owner I think) who walked us over to another section so we weren't bothered by people walking through the restaurant. Soon after we were seated and our server was very attentive and quick with our drinks, bread, and order. I had the Lamb special (the have a limited amount per night) - it very tasty and filling. This restaurant is appropriate for all types of groups (friends, couples, family)!
My parents are Greek immigrants and I grew up eating Greek food a few times a week. It's hard to find an authentic Greek restaurant in California. This place is easily the best Greek restaurant I've been to in the U.S. Service was top notch and the food was authentic and delicious. I had the duck special and it was the best deck I've ever eaten. My wife had the moussaka which tasted just like my mom's! I will definitely go back when I'm in San Francisco.
Decided to make reservations here for my sister's birthday. I know she loves Greek food and like my BF said there are only two great places in the City to go to and this one was worth every penny. Reservations are difficult to make as they book up a week or so in advance and there isn't very many time slots. For example: we had 9:30 dinner reservations when we really wanted 6. Because it was so late we all decided to go with a few appetizers and cocktails since we were planning on going clubbing. Each appetizer we ordered was absolutely delicious. My brother's favorite was of "fried cheese" dish. The wait staff was excellent they really entertained us and helped us choose what to get and they always promised to take it back at no charge if we didn't like it - well we never sent back anything because it was all good. So - if you want some yummy GREEK food - this is the place to go to.
this place was actually very good. we were a bit skeptical walking in due to its touristic location. however, they really surprised us with great dishes with good servicethe only flaw of the dinner was the overlooked and flavorless quail entree. on the other hand, grilled octopus, pig head terrine, sea bass and the two desserts were really toothsome. they offered an extensive menu of special dishes, so listen carefully cuz you might get lucky.yay for our first adventure to a new cuisine!
This place knows Greek food. My family is Greek and very particular about how traditional dishes should be prepared. They must be distant relatives of mine because they know what they are doing! Great wine list and their menu covers the top Greek traditional dishes! in addition to the exceptional menu, they have some of the best service i have experienced in the city. I cannot wait to go back.
My folks were in town for 2 weeks at Thanksgiving (their second trip here). The only restaurant request for this trip was Kokkari. My Dad, a Greek guy and excellent cook in his own right, said it was the only place in SF worth going to a second time. Really? Last time in town I thought I took them to quite a few interesting places (Chez Panisse, Boulevard, Gary Danko) but this is what they liked. I made a reservation.This time we were seated in a booth by the front room. My folks were very pleased with the location, off to a good start. Our server explained the menu, made recommendations, and gave us plenty of time to decide while sipping on our cocktails. She also offered to decant our wine for us.Appetizers:Saghanaki- pan fried Kefalograviera with lemon & oregano. Grilled Octopus - with lemon, oregano & olive oil. Grilled Lamb Riblets - with lemon & oregano.Avgolemono - traditional egg-lemon soup with chicken & rice.My Dad loved the lamb, we needed a second order. I really like the octopus, it was tender and the smoky flavors remind me of home. My Dad tried it and wiped out the rest of the plate, first time he really liked it that I can remember. The soup was not as good as my Yia Yias, but no food is as good as hers really. Dinner:Kokinisto me Manestra- aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra.Arnisia Paidakia - grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes.I really like the braised lamb shank. Lamb and orzo as we call it in our house. The portion huge and the orzo tasty from braising in the lamb drippings although a little on the greasy side. The lamb chops generous and lemony. The potatoes crispy and tender all at the same time, just like my Aunt Dotties. My Dad was over the moon with the whole experience. It was the perfect family meal to share on the last night of their visit. Glad I didn't have to cook it! On the way out I asked the hostess if it would be possible to get their cookbook (I had already purchased it) signed for my Dad. I was instructed to call back and make an appointment, to be sure the Chef would be there. I followed up the next week and had my appointment for the 15th. When I arrived at the appointed time, I met one of the managers who was very nice. I explained that my Dad just loved the restaurant and had brought a bottle of wine for the Chef, as a thank-you from my Dad for a great Greek meal. I saw the Chef come up and speak with the hostess, but the manager had my book and the wine. Shortly after, the manager returned with my book and explained the Chef was in Palo Alto that day and requested I come back the following day. She kept my book to get it signed and asked me to bring back the wine to give to him myself. I was puzzled. Hadn't I just seen the Chef? When I returned the next day, at the appointed time, I was greeted by the hostess who explained that the manager was in a meeting and couldn't be disturbed for 20 minutes or so. She offered to check with the Chef about the book and deliver the wine for me. She quickly returned and told me I had to wait for the managers meeting to end to get my book. OK I thought, I understand that restaurants are busy at the Holidays and the most important thing here is getting that signed book for my Dad. I waited at the bar for the managers meeting to end, about 20 minutes as stated. When her meeting was over, the manager delivered the signed book to me (telling me the Chef had returned from Palo Alto the night before and signed it for me then) and took the wine from me to give the chef on my Dad's behalf. The inconvenience of making an appointment to get the book signed and having to come back a day later (when the Chef was probably there the first day) was my problem. Having my Dad get that signed book on Christmas day was a priceless experience. He was thrilled that the Chef would actually sign his cookbook. My Dad then said, "I hope you brought him a nice bottle of wine as a thank-you for doing this for me." Yep Dad, I did.
Went there for dinner last night with my best friend for our joint b-day dinner and it was... AMAZINIG! The stuffed grilled calamari was out of this world. In fact, everything we ordered was amazing from the Oregon Pinot Noir to the zuchinni cakes, lamb shank, halibut and finally, to the dessert. We left there with big smiles, full stomachs, and talking about when we can go back. The next time I might try going with a group of 4 and just ordering a bunch of the starters as they all looked amazing. I recommend this place to anyone that likes great food, ambiance, and exceptional service. Perfect place for a special occasion dinner.
I went here a couple of weeks ago with my sister and a former colleague who is a frequent customer here. The ambiance is very nice and the staff is super friendly. We sat at the bar and ordered some small dishes, paired with the house Cabernet and a phenomenal cocktail which the bartender whipped up on the spot. We ordered Greek salad, persimmon salad, octopus, grilled shrimp, lamb chops and pizza. The Greek salad was fresh - I loved the cucumber and chunks of Feta cheese. The persimmon salad was different. I love the fruit but I've never had it prepared in a salad form. I could have done without the dill. The octopus was rich and quite chewy. The shrimp was tasty but I could only have a few bites because it was so rich. The lamb chops were the best part of the meal. I usually don't eat lamb because it's so gamy but it was cooked very well here. The pizza was mediocre at best. All in all, the atmosphere is nice and romantic here and the drinks were great but I was not really impressed with the food. And for fare that's so pricey, it needs to set the bar higher.
Great food and attentive service. Was able to squeeze a reservation two days prior on a Saturday. Cozy and warm settings with a beautiful open kitchen. I would recommend the octopus as a starter and the rotisserie pork if available. Huge wine list that can get a little overwhelming if you don't have a set idea of what you like to drink that night. Luckily I had an amazing bottle of 2009 jean philippe pinot noir. Can't wait for my next meal here!
Try the goat stew. It was the topic of an interesting discussion with our friendly server, who recommended it highly, and her recommendation was spot on. Damn this stuff is good.Also, don't miss the saganaki and the lamb chops.The food here was reminiscent of the dishes at Evvia in Palo Alto, and it turns out that the restaurants are related.
We were interviewing a candidate and since he was flying in for the interview my boss had asked me to choose a place to go for dinner after the all day interview. I'm the only one in our group who actually lives in SF and was able to choose a place from the list of places I had been meaning to try. Dinner reservation for 6 and a corporate credit card?! That's my idea of a great dinner I only wish we did that more often!I think we ordered every appetizer on the menu and overall every thing was delicious. Some highlights were the Kolokithokeftethes the zucchini cake with cucumber mint-yougurt dressing. It was perfectly light and fluffy and full of flavor. The grilled octopus was absolutely delicious. I could eat an entire octopus if you put it in front of me prepared by the Evvia kitchen!. I was fortunate enough to travel through the Greek Islands with a friend a couple years ago and this was just as good as it was there. Perfectly grilled slightly chewy but not tough in any way and absolutely delicious. I just ate dinner and I'm getting hungry thinking of that octopus. My boss got the lamb which was delicious. They have a open fire spit and roast a whole lamb on it. There isn't a better way to cook lamb than over a fire. I think there's a caveman primal urge with meat cooked over an open flame that just speaks to my soul. I had the Katsiki Yiouvetsi (braised goat with roasted tomatoes, green beans, Greek olives, orzo & herb feta). The Katsiki was delicious and came out in a hot ramekin. I also tried the whole grilled fish that a coworker had ordered. It was grilled with lemon and oregano vinaigrette and served with horta. Horta (sounds more like Khorta in Greek) is a traditional Greek green that is served at every dinner table in Greece. No wonder the Greeks are so healthy. One trick that my friend taught me in Greece was to be very careful with the horta as it can be chewy and cause a choking hazard. No more ADD. All of the food at Kokkari was delicious and it was a perfect location for a business type of dinner. All of the apps are great for sharing and lead to some livening of the dinner table (especially during business dinners!). I highly recommend the food, service and ambiance here. It's the perfect place for a quality sit down dinner.
I had a business lunch here the other day at the recommendation of our rep's colleague. I have to say I can't believe I haven't eaten here yet!We got 5 different appetizers, split an entree and shared a dessert. Sure - this is probably not how most business lunches go but family style was the only way to do it so we could taste more than a couple dishes.For the appetizers we got the spanikopita (which was one of the best I've had - not too salty and the perfect crisp), the lamb meatballs, ribs, the broiled cheese - which is awesome on the bread they give you and the zucchini cakes. The cakes were probably my favorite - try it with the sauce!The appetizer was a huge pork gyro that had a lot of flavor! The dessert looked like Greek egg rolls - custard goodness was awaiting inside these rolls!This place is actually reasonably priced and very, very popular with the business crowd - thankfully they are open on the weekends too!
My husband and I went here for a special New Year's lunch celebration. The food was ghastly. We shared two appetizers recommended by our waiter and ordered two Greek "specialties of the house". We ate the calamari and zucchini cake starters even though they were ho hum at best...but the moussaka and gyros -type specialty of the day were abandoned after a few bites. The gyros meat was bone dry with a scintilla of sauce. The moussaka was so boring...lamb with cream sauce, a little eggplant...piled on sliced potatoes. I'd like to share with them my great recipe from the NYTimes International cookbook! We chose this restaurant based on an extremely high Zagat rating. Something is fishy with that! The ambiance, wine, and service were all good....but not good enough to justify a $170 lunch!
Loved all the small dishes- hummus, feta, lamb riblets.
Amazing service, fabulous food, and beautiful surroundings make Kokkari our go-to place when in SF. We shared two special appetizers: persimmon salad with feta and pomegranate seeds, and duck meatballs wrapped in little dumpling pockets. He had the goat stew, and I had the moussaka for our main dishes (both out of this world tasty!) and we shared a special dessert of filo topped with semolina custard and creme fraiche, something I will dream about for days it was so good. This place is an A+ in my book.
One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco! My dad is a chef, so I grew up eating great food, and this place is amazing. Their lamb is to die for. I recommend getting whatever special they have for the lamb that day, it'll melt in your mouth! I also recommend the roasted corn and watermelon salad in the summer. They have a great room for big parties downstairs, so call ahead to reserve! Enjoy!!
The Acropolis and new museum are a must. Amazingly, the sunsets in Oia do not disappoint. When it comes to food, skip Greece and go straight to Kokkari. Stellar experiences for 15 years.Go heavy on the apps.
We loved every dish we had here. It was an amazing dining experience, and the service was excellent. The goat stew was to die for, and we also really enjoyed the lamb. We had a few starters and shared our entrees. Great place for sharing.
If the 4.5 star rating from 1200+ reviewers doesn't convince you that Kokkari is amazing, I sure hope my review does. Kokkari is by far, one of my favorite restaurants in the city because of 1) impeccable food 2) outstanding service and 3) welcoming atmosphere and staff.My family and I came here for dinner and amongst us was my cousin who was visiting from Arizona. She was craving chicken kabob and even though it wasn't on the dinner menu, she was still able to have her chicken kabob. Our waiter was very friendly, attentive, and made sure that we were happy with our dishes. The highlight of my evening was the baklava ice cream. Yummm. :)
Roommates and I got lost looking for Delancey Street Restaurant. (Yelp, you gave us the wrong directions on my roommates iPhone! You let us down!) -20+ blocks later -by foot- we decided upon this place. About a block before though a random guy on the street yelled out that we should see the bartender, Feta? Fa-ta (sp?) and that he would take good care of us. -Inside, place was packed. Host staff told us dinner is reservations only, but that they would try to accommodate us anyhow. Kudos to them for this.** Then, they took us to the bar area to....none other than......Fata! -Fata was very gracious and kept us appeased with free champagne while we patiently waited an hour...more kudos for free drinks! -All the wait staff was concerned about getting us a table ASAP and once we were seated our waiter informed us that our spinach spanakopita and persimmon salad were on their way out. We were confused since we hadn't even looked at the menu yet, but went along with it anyway. -Roomies and I ordered a couple more small plates off the menu-garlic shrimp and lamb casserole. YUM! -At the end, got our bill and half of it was comped!!!-including the spanakopitas and persimmon salad! SUPER NICE OF THEM! :) Overall, we left very happy. Good portions, yummy food, classy atmosphere, and amazing customer service!!!! Thanks, Kokkari!
The food here is amazing. Get the Lamb stew if they have it. Minus 1 star because the desserts were unimpressive. Great atmosphere.
I wanted to love this place -- in my opinion it is quite overrated. The service is good, but the food is mediocre. I was in town from NY and was looking for a "wow" restaurant in SF, unfortunately this was not it. Both the lamb and fish dish were overcooked and the appetizer was not seasoned well. 4-stars for their old school atmosphere, 3.5 for service, 3 for food.
This restaurant is AMAZING!!! Not only do they have superior customer service but everything to the quality of food, ambiance, decor, drinks, waiters ***wink wink** are wonderful.This is the restaurant you'd want to go on a special occasion. So I went here for my bf's mother's birthday and came out of the restaurant thinking when can I come back?Starting off: Drinks- You name it, they got it. I mainly sipped on their house red wine pinot, and ended up mixing and trying a strong lemon drop and a mojito...YES and this was all before dinner.Appetizers- We dined on almost all the appetizers they had, zucchini cakes with greek yogurt, lamb riblets, feta cheese pizza, grilled octopus salad, just to name a few...and they ALL were delish...cooked to perfection! The night before I had octopus salad at another restaurant which just ruined my dinner, but eating this one here sure made up for it!Entree: I had their special, roasted pork with kokkari potatoes. They don't have this all the time but when they do and if you like pork get it! For Filipinos, this taste just like lechon! The pork just melts in your mouth, and no sauce needed which I love. This dish is so popular that they will call you on the day of your reservations and inform you they got this dish and you can request to save a plate!Reservations are a MUST especially on weekends....not sure how long people wait if they don't have one. My party reserved it a month in advance just to get a seat right at the center of the restaurant.Kokkari is affordable and perfect for an amazing dining experience in the city!
Great service, friendly and professional. Ravioli was good. Expensive but worth it, really.
Wow amanda. Drunk yelping much? I apologize to the yelp community as a whole for my completely useless review.Kokkari is amazing. The food is fantastic- honestly everything I've ordered I've loved. Hummus platter is a must. I don't eat lamb but according to my dining companions they cook up a mean sheep baby.  Yeah, I said it. Lamb is baby sheep. You meat eaters really need to stop pretending and own up to it.
Restaurants like Kokkari are best experienced with a group of crazy Greek guys with an expense account. On my most recent trip to SF, I debated hard about joining this dinner. I love this group, but after a late night and a too early morning, followed by an all day meeting and two shots of 5 hour energy...I really just wanted to go to sleep. This is when I am thankful for peer pressure. Had I not succumbed to it this particular Friday night, I would have missed a fantastic, if odd experience. Mixed in with conversations ranging from Big Game Hunting and the new Spartacus tv show (hot BTW), there was this grilled Parmesan cheese thing, grilled calamari, whole fish (damn thing was looking at me) and braised lamb, yuuum! Yes, we broke the rules and crammed 18 people in to the small room set for 12, but hey, it worked for us, and it helped that we had the chef just bring stuff for us, we didn't individually order. Service was great and the staff maintained good humor with our raucous crowd. Will definitely be back.
I was there last night for dinner, and as usual, walked out very happy after an amazing meal. This is the best dining experience in SF. The food is consistently awesome, and the service is great. I walked in without a reservation, and 15 minutes later, we were seated. I guess they appreciate my loyalty, since I do visit this place regularly. The Lamb is to die for and the appetizers are the best. Oh, I almost forgot about the desserts. Last night they had as many dessert specials as there were on the menu. Now that shows Creativity!!Hands down, the finest of the finest in the city.
One of my favorite restaurants in SF. Food is always wonderful and the I like the decor, simple yet welcoming.What I would suggest you order: Smelts(they will do a half order if you ask), a spread of the dips, and lamb chops. Their lamb chops are to be desired, and have yet to be beat. Although they have a nice bread basket, I would refuse it in order to save room to indulge in all the other wonderful offerings.All around I wonderful choice.
We couldn't wait to try this restaurant and had booked reservations weeks in advance, and it did not disappoint! This is a great restaurant with lovely service and delicious food. The restaurant is quite large, beautifully decorated and well staffed so service was prompt and everything was served perfectly. The food was excellent. We shared several appetizers including the zucchini cakes, the octopus, the artichoke skewers and the lamb riblets - all delicious. Main courses, lamb shank, goat stew, fish and moussaka were all very delicious - flavorful and perfectly cooked. The lamb and goat stew came with orzo pasta, but I overheard the server offer to serve these over greens at the next table, so that's also a nice option. The desserts were also nice - the flourless chocolate cake and the semolina custard in filo dough was paired nicely with crme frache ice cream. The baklava ice cream was OK, but a bit too sweet. Overall a wonderful experience and worth the wait to get the reservation!
I loved the beginning of the meal, but the reason I'm giving this two stars is because of the main course. The waiter recommended the roasted lamb (all parts) with crispy skin, roasted in the fireplace right there. It tasted like it was boiled, was fatty and inedible. I couldn't get the rancid-like taste our of my mouth for the rest of the evening.Should have ordered the fish.We will not return.
Just came for appetizers and for $22.75 plus tax and tip, I'd say I'm probably going to come back here for a full meal. Karpouzi me Feta - watermelon & feta with pine nuts, basil & Greek olive oil [yum. just take my word for it]Kolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing [I could eat this all day]Soutzoukakia - grilled meatballs with spiced tomato sauce & Greek yogurt [I almost ordered this to go....I think it was made of lamb]Sadly, I had to be up early so I didn't get the full dinner, but I did sit through a portion of our dinner party. Great for al a carte if you want to try a bunch of delicious flavors and are with a group.
Best Greek food in SF hands down, but really that isn't saying much cuz SF is loserville for Greek food. This place is delish though, but pricey. Had great mixed grilled seafood plate for 2, dips and octopus.Rebecca M. and I went there for Valentine's day actually on a whim. We had reservations for Wexler's but weren't aware they were doing a fix prixe thing there that had none of their soul food offerings so we begged off Wexler's and started wandering. The atmosphere at Kokkari is very welcoming and kind of rustic elegant.
I couldn't get a spot for dinner so I settled for dessert. I experienced exceptional service, in a great space, with an inviting atmosphere while trying the Sokolatina - (flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream) which was unlike any flourless chocolate cake I've ever had. Tony also brought over the Galaktoboureko - (semolina custard in filo with Meyer lemon spoon sweet & crme frache ice cream) for us to try. I have to admit I was hesitant since it was outside my comfort zone, but the Galaktoboureko was an awesome call on his part.
Best place in the entire Bay Area! I have been to both Kokkari and their sister restaurant in Palo Alto, Evia and have always had incredible food and service experiences. I have been to Kokkari for large parties, a wedding reception, birthday celebrations, and just to go and have a good meal- and never have had any problem.The food is always delicious!! The tzatziki is a must have, always!! The zuccini cakes are also fabulous. You can literally go and order 5-6 appetizers and no actual entree and leave full and happy! If you do want to order dinner- I would highly suggest the lamb shank and the ribeye... the lamb shank just falls off the bone and is in the most delicious sauce.And I know- I say a steak- who wants a steak at a Greek place- let me tell you- once of the best steaks I have had in the city....I have sent so many friends here and have always got calls afterwards thanking me so much!! I will continue to go here again and again
You must smash the dinner plates!You must dance with your arms held up by the broad shoulders of swarthy Greek sailors!!You must quote lines from "Zorba the Greek" and "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" like they are pearls of great wisdom!!!...but not here...definitely not here as Kokkari is not your local neighborhood taverna with plastic grapevines strewn haphazardly over a balsa-wood arbor overlooking a badly water-colored painting of a Santorini harbor in the Aegean Sea.Nope, Kokkari is kinda fancy for a place that serves a multitude of Greek specialties you would normally find in places like Greektown in Chicago. This corner location was once a brightly lit Italian place called Ciao, but the vibe is quite the opposite now. You enter the darkly lit place and it has a warm, cozy place except the place goes on and on. My friend Maggie and I were seated near the back next to the window, and it was quite a hike. You even have to take an elevator to go to the restroom downstairs where there is an inviting private dining room.Max was our waiter, a character and quite friendly as he explained all the daily specials and came back frequently to ensure our ongoing satisfaction. We shared a couple of unique appetizers - the $7.75 Kolokithokeftethes, which was a couple of fried zucchini cakes served with a dollop of cucumber and mint yogurt sauce, and most refreshing was the $8 Rodhakino, sliced peaches with a Manouri cheese, purslane, honey-lemon vinaigrette and walnuts. Both jump started us on the hearty entrees that followed.I had the $25 Kokinisto me Manestra, which was a huge braised lamb shank sitting on a bed of orzo and myzithra. Marinated in a variety of exotic spices, the meat was fall-off-the-bone tender. Maggie had the $29.50 Arnisia Paidakia, which were at least three grilled lamb chops bathing in a lemon-oregano vinaigrette and their house potatoes. Even though it took a couple of tries to get the meat to the right juiciness, the effort was worth it.We were too sated to have dessert, but Kokkari is like that. The portions are enough to feed Anthony Quinn and all his illegitimate children. But coming back is inevitable even though in my case it has been at least four years. But I'm glad I did....Ooom-pah!FOOD - 5 stars...ahhh, just what I remembered...ooom-pah!AMBIANCE - 5 stars...expansive yet cozy...bar could be bigger but the tables are far enough apartSERVICE - 4.5 stars...Max does his job wellTOTAL - 5 stars...."Dance? Did you say dance?"...let the mandolin play
A delicious spot in SF Financial District I frequented during my stay in SF. If you like lemon, olive oil and oregano--essential Greek ingredients--you have come to the right restaurant.  The flavors in every dish are simply amazing and ever SO mouthwatering that you will find yourself craving Kokkari.The housemade grilled pita with any of the salatas (Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata) is AMAZING. I don't live in SF anymore and I often crave that pita bread because nothing else I have had can compare. it is just SO GOOD....hm.... Maybe a visit to the Bay is in order.....no, it is a MUST lol. Sad to say, I'm not impressed with their Avgolemono soup or their soup in general. It is, in my opinion, satisfactory.All of their rotisseries are delicious and so are their meat dishes: the chicken, lamb shank and chops are equally delicious. But whenever they have the duck rotisserie, I have no choice but to order it. It's hands down my favorite.For a warm, feel-good meal, go, eat and enjoy Kokkari.
My boyfriend, (being a culinary graduate), had complained about my inability to express an interest in good food and try new things. My response was treating him to a good meal, while aiming to be more adventurous with my cuisine. This was just the place for a romantic apology.Upon walking into the pleasantly lit historic but fresh looking, high ceiling building, I knew this was to be an experience I would never forget. The host was very nice and prompt about seating us, and the server was quite simply a breath of fresh air. He was very animated, funny, and knowledgeable. We started with the Grilled Octopus. (Something I wouldn't normally try, but the atmosphere here helped me to stick to my wishes of being more of an adventurous eater.) The lemon, oregano & olive oil made this appetizer pop! It was a great beginning to a fantastic meal. The wine list was endless. Which made it fun to experiment. The grilled lambchops made me a die hard fan. I had never in my life, eaten lamb, and I have to say, this was an orgasmic experience. I will be ordering it again. Only, my standards are set on Kokkari's. Overall, this was an unforgettable night at a phenomenal restaurant. If you are looking for a romantic place, this is it. If you are looking to expand your bland tastes, this is the place. If you are just looking for an opportunity to live a little more.. Then please.. MAKE A RESERVATION HERE RIGHT NOW.
If I could give Kokkari ten stars I would. My birthday dinner here was nothing short of amazing. Probably the best meal I've ever had, and definitely the best overall experience I've had at a restaurant. After seeing the reviews on here, I had high expectations, and Kokkari exceeded them. I got the lamb shank, which was perfect. Our server said that their Galaktoboureko dessert was like heaven in your mouth, and he was right. The food, service, ambience, everything was great. Highly recommeded... be sure to make a reservation!
I adore this place. In a beautiful location with an amazing wooden interior. It is huge and spacious and open, but always full of people. Busy without that crowded feeling you get at so many of the popular Mission joints. The ambiance counts for a lot here, and not in a "see and be seen" kind of way. It's just... nice.Okay, so, onto the food. I 110% love their gigantes. And the focaccia that they bring out. I can't personally vouch for the meatier items, but my friends who I've been there with can. Also I'm pretty sure any dessert they make is amazing. This place is just great.I won't change my rating because of it, but our waitress last time was realllly awkward. I think that prompt, attentive service without interrupting people's eating/conversations is definitely an art, but an art that I expect in restaurants of this caliber.
It has been months since I ate at Kokkari, yet the memory definitely lingers! Seriously one of the best restaurants in all of San Francisco! And so, close to the office too. On the downside, it is on the pricey side, so prepared to drop a little cash, but luckily I wasn't disappointed at all.Must haves:* Grilled calamari with feta cheese* Spanikopita* Lamb riblets...OMG spectacular! I'm tempted to go back to just to ravenously devour a couple plates of themDefinitely check this place if you're looking for a classy place for a special occasion or if you're hoping for live luxuriously for a decadent meal.
I so love this place to eat after work! Excellent service, Food to parfecto!!!, very nice inside with a bar and several tables.  Come here at the right time and you don't have to wait much, but I recommend RSVP if you don't know the area well, it can get pretty full especially if you have a large group. Lots of choices on the menu- I reccommend the lamb, the calamari, and any of the salads are just wonderfully GREEK. Larges selection of drinks too!Also, great place to bring a date! Pricey and classy place but well worth it!
The. Best. Birthday dinner ever. Ok, these guys do not need another 5* review, but I absolutely loved my meal here. Had a great glass of Cote du Rhone, and devoured everything we ordered: the fried smelt, the lamb stew ( this is a must), and the whole steamed fish. The restaurant is lovely - open windows, open spit and oven for their meats, yet it's relaxed and elegant - it almost felt like I was in a lounge or a club....a very chill one. Guys and girls, this is -the- place to take someone you want to impress, for a date or business. Do it. Seriously one of the best restaurants in SF.
The innovative, fresh Greek-Mediterranean menu changes every season so coming here is always a new experience. The one thing that is consistent here is the hospitality and ambiance. From the rustic, Greek decor to the roaring fireplace, you can't help but feel like you have left San Francisco and traveled thousands of miles away. The last time I cam here I kept it basic with Spanakotiropita, which is traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill and some dolmas. It was a cold night, so I opted for the Fakes Supa next. I am a big fan of the lentils, and this didn't disappont. The vegtable flavores introduced this earthy flavor that you only get from a hearty stew. I finished the meal with the Psari Psito, which is a simple grilled white fish with braised greens, lemon & olive oil. simple but good. I really which I would have left some room for dessert. I will have to come again and update my review.
If you are lucky enough to be seated near the fireplace, it's the best table in the house. Service has been fantastic every time I've been here.Entrees are huge. My favorite entrees have been Lamb Shank, Goat Stew and Lamb Chops in that order. The Lamb Shank is fall-off-the-bone tender and deliciously seasoned. The Goat Stew is usually a special and not a regular menu item. It is served over orzo and has an amazing sauce. Very tasty! The Lamb Chops which everyone seems to like were also great.They have a good wine list but more on the pricey side. I usually get a red wine to pair with the meat. I tried a couple of variety of ouzo which were good to sip after the meal.Appetizers are the usual Greek fare. Small portions but tasty, so order plenty to share. Desserts were good but not as memorable as the rest of the meal.
Lots of people have covered the great food and service here, so I won't go into it, except to mention that among the main courses, the lamb-shank with orzo (usually served only in colder months) may be the best dish served in San Francisco. Be warned: it can easily satisfy two.What takes this place to a completely different level is the bar. The bartenders are the smoothest, most professional in the City, all the while being warm, friendly and personable. They know the favorite drinks of hundreds of customers by heart, they pace things well, they know when to ask if you want a refresh, and they do it all with incredible aplomb. They also enjoy the confidence of a lot of the city's VIPs. They hear and see everything and know how to keep a secret. Subtle theater, right out of a Bogart movie.  If you want to eat dinner at the bar, I highly recommend it.
There was nothing wrong with Kokkari - I found the space warm, welcoming, and an immediate boost to my spirits. The service was frisky, which I find much less appealing in a middle-aged man whose wit is dulled by carrying too many trays of food to strangers.Ultimately, however, I'm all about the food - and here there is also nothing to complain about. All of it was tasty and high quality product, like my entree, the rotisserie of the day, a spit roasted Berkshire pork. This was a nice dish, this pork - and I was served different, generous bits of the animal, including the best part, the crisp skin.And yet...I never heard the harmonies of the angels from on high. This may seem like an absurdly high standard, but not so - I certainly heard the angels warming their vocal chords and tuning their harps when I heard Berkshire pork was the rotisserie of the day.But let's go onward...The zucchini cakes with cucumber and mint yogurt dressing was good, if unimaginative. The fried smelts with garlic-potato skordalia and lemon, also good, though it grew tiresome - maybe a little less would have meant more. The grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel, and orange with black olives? How could that go wrong, right? Well, it didn't go wrong. And yet...the angels remained mute. The pikti, a terrine of Berkshire pig trotters and head with toast, cucumber and black olives? Correct! Good, but more exciting on the menu than in the reality.Nothing was bad. The pickled veg? Tasty. The bread? Also good. The olives? Of course. The baklava and other assorted 'traditional' desserts? Also enjoyable. And yet...The other entrees I sampled were also good.The whole grilled fish (deboned for you, yes) with braised greens, lemon, and Cretan olive oil? Fine. Though, to be honest, it tasted too fishy and too lemony to me - which, I know, it's fish, but fish doesn't have to taste fishy - and, contrarian that I am, I've never been a fan of too much lemon on seafood (just a spritz for me, thank you).Surprisingly, the least appetizing entree on the menu ended up being the 2nd most excellently prepared entree that night (the 1st being my pork) - the dry aged rib eye steak. This is something I would never order in a Greek restaurant; but I got to taste it, and it was perfect - perfectly cooked and a deliciously aged piece of meat, full of flavor and neither bland nor watery like lesser cuts of non-prime beef.3.7 stars rounded up. Would I eat there again? Definitely - if you're buying, I'm flying. But with so many places to eat, so few recession dollars to spend, I'd rather make a repeat visit to a place like The Farmhouse Inn and Restaurant. Now there, my friends, is a place where the angels are in full flight.Wine was excellent, cost was fair - but certainly not an everyday sort of outing.On a lighter note, Willie Brown was there that night and he seemed to be a happy man.
Of all the times I've eaten here including once for my birthday and how much I loved it each time, not sure why I haven't written a review for them yet...so it's about time!Based on my experience, I highly recommending sticking with the small plates. I have tried their rotisserie of the day a couple times and it was good but their small plates are so much more fun to eat and so much tastier!Here are my favs...Crispy zucchini cakes w/cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing - Mixed with tiny feta pieces and lightly fried but without that greasy taste.Traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill - Sounds like the boring traditional item you can find just about anywhere but it's not made this great everywhere!Roasted beets w/sweet dill & skordalia - A mix of red and yellow beets with a lightly seasoned...yum!Crispy smelts with garlic-potato skordalia - It's like a bunch of little fishies swimming off the plate...SO crispy with a tasty dipping sauce.Grilled octopus - SO tender...just perfecto!Grilled lamb riblets - Almost too cute to eat but SO tasty...one order is never enough for this dish!All the house made spreads w/grilled pita - Just a simple MUST have!Pig trotters & head - NOT one of my favorite...it's a very exotic dish so you must be brave to try this one! I tried it but couldn't take more than one bite. But here's some advice...if you can close your eyes and never look at it before putting it your mouth it may be a lot easier to swallow...and you may even agree with the server that it sure is tasty!Greek restaurants are hard to come by in this city...outstanding Greek restaurants even harder! That's why Kokkari is a gem and has become one of my favorite restos!
Definitely the best greek food outside Athens, and possibly the best restaurant in SF (if you don't care for those snobby overpriced tourist traps). We have been here many times and never had a bad meal or bad service. The lamb kebabs are to die for, but the lamb shank and moussaka is also good. The appetizers are all good, particularly the mezza plate with all the sauces. You may spot the Mayor here or perhaps other local celebs. The only minus is that the wait can be long if you don't have a reservation.This is Mrs. B's favorite restaurant. We go here for birthdays and anniversaries. I know that many restaurants in this town are hyped, but this one is the real deal!
Best Greek food in the city--hands down. No question. A real San Francisco classic.
Great service, food always excellent. Over the years never had a bad experience ! This type of consistency is rare.
The interior is warm, the chefs cute (the beauty of an open kitchen) and the service attentive. I was wowed by the grilled octopus. It was really fresh and grilled to perfection with a light and flavorful sauce. The rest of our meal, which consisted of an artichoke and eggplant kabob w/ a tomato yogurt sauce and rotisserie lamb was something that I feel like I could have gotten at half the price elsewhere.
Out of this world! I ordered take-out, and I have a gluten allergy. Lena answered the phone and was beyond accomodating in addition to offering suggestions. I had the mini lamb riblets that melted in my mouth and slid off the bone. The brussel sprouts were to die for! I can't wait to return and dine-in. Thanks for making my night with a delicious meal.
I really like this place. Service and food are top-notch. Ambiance is excellent (as long as you are not seated too near the door on a winter day. Drafty and cold!)I took away one star because a place like this should have more to offer vegetarians in the "entree" department. What they do have currently is an absolutely amazing ravioli, and a lentil soup that's really wonderful - but what if you don't like/have allergies to mushrooms or lentils? A restaurant of this caliber in San Francisco should at least offer two entrees with no meat or fish, that have substance. I don't like eating "appetizers" for my dinner, and I'm not a rabbit - so chopped fresh veggies on pita bread aren't going to cut it. I can get that in my own home for a fraction of the price.That said, they are an exceptional restaurant in every other way in my opinion, and we will continue to dine at Kokkari Estiatorio.
Good food...pork over fire was good, but a little fattie.
If the family from My Big Fat Greek Wedding started a high-end Greek restaurant, it would be Kokkari. I've been here 5 times now and keep going back. The goat stew is my single favorite dish at any restaurant in San Francisco. Period, game over. On my most recent visit, I passed by the kitchen at Kokkari and saw two lambs roasting on spits. I recommend the rotisserie sampler where they give you several different cuts. They also have a sampler of octopus, tzatziki, zucchini and eggplant skewers, lamb riblets, and sweetbreads. The skewers were outstanding, as were the sweetbreads. The octopus and riblets I would rank as good, and the tzatziki was just your standard tzatziki.The service was also excellent, though the size and respective tab of our group probably helped out a little. The waiter was knowledgeable, a virtual encyclopedia of the menu and wine list. He was quick to describe to me the difference between all the desserts. I opted for the Galaktoboureko which the waiter described as a eggroll with custard filling, a little bit like a cannoli. As expected, it was quite good. This restaurant is on Jackson Square in the Financial District. It makes a great place for a special occasion or business dinner. The decor is rustic, lots of heavy wooden furniture and fires in the fireplace. It also quite loud so come with a big group and try to be louder than the table next to you.
had the infamous lamb chops. i'd give it a 4 star. it was a good medium rare, however it is pretty small portion for a 38 dollar dish.the lamb skewers.... not impressed at all. i've had so much better at other places. it was 29 dollars for one big skewer, however. it is totally not worth it.the zucchini cakes .... they were really just so so.
My reviews are a bit biased, since I came here on a set-menu for Valentine's Day. The food was amazingggg (as expected), but I thought the service was a bit on the slower side (obviously understand that it was Valentine's Day though). I'll try my best to recall everything we ate (which was a lot!):* pita bread and assorted spread with olives. Of the three spreads, (i) more traditional hummus which I liked (ii) chopped tomatoes / veges - reminded me of a salsa dip.. which was my favorite! and (iii) what tasted like a cucumber-based spread (which I obviously did not like since I'm not a fan of cucumbers)* baked shrimp with melted goat (?) cheese (the sauce reminded me a lot of ravioli sauce) * tomato salad with feta cheese, onions.. - very whatevers - nothing special. * wrapped roasted duck, - kind of a weird texture, but I really liked the combination of all the different flavors! (reminded me of a smaller version of the lotus-leaf rice for dimsum..)For the main course - we both had the lamb chops with the Kokkari potatoes. By the time we got to the main course, I was already pretty stuffed, but it was still delicious! I was a huge fan of the potatoes especially! The lamb chops were cooked well, and definitely lived up to the hype. Dessert - we got the (i) Baklava and (ii) warm flourless cake with ice cream. I definitely would have enjoyed both more thoroughly, but I was just way too stuffed. The baklava was good, but definitely nothing special (just taste like any other traditional honey-walnut baklava). The flourless cake had a hint of cinnamon/spicy flavor that I wasn't exactly sure what it was. Overall - I would def. go back so that I can try rest of the non-set menu items that I've been craving to try!!! (eg. the Rotisserie, the grilled zucchini, grilled octopus, etc)Tips: * Parking - because it's in financial district, parking can be a bit of a pain. However, they do have valet service for $8 dollars so do yourself a favor and save a little time (and energy!)Ambiance: * very romantic! I love the two tall wooden doors.. and the fireplace right where you walk in! It feels very cozy.. and old school. If you also happen to sit in the back room, there's an open kitchen with all the chefs cooking in front of you which also adds a nice touch.
Stopped in for a light lunch while we were walking about the city.Two of us ordered the Kalamari, Zucchini Cakes, and Greek Salad.Kalamari - first time I've had grilled calamari instead of fried. Texture was good, not rubbery or too tough. Stuffing was interesting. It was good, but I wouldn't order it again.Zucchini cakes -- wow! Perfect texture and flavor -- very surprising dish. The tzatziki sauce was perfect! The simple cucumber salad on the plate was a great match, they were just drizzled with olive oil and salt & pepper.Greek salad had real goat feta cheese (not cow's milk being passed as feta) with large cucumber and tomato pieces, red onions and olive oil dressing. It was good and refreshing.The table next to us had a desert that looked good and they said it was incredible, so we had to try it with a cup of coffee. The Galaktoboureko earned Kokkari a future return trip from us by itself. The pairing of two semolina custard-filled filo rolls with crme frache ice cream was amazing. I seriously contemplated licking the plate...then thought about ordering another so I wouldn't embarrass my wife. In the end we left and said we'd be back.Next time, we may just get a couple orders of Zucchini cakes and Galaktoboureko!Service was attentive and my water was never empty.This is definitely an upscale restaurant, but if you want to impress a date, take them here and get dessert!Our bill with tip was a hair under $50 -- for two appetizers, a small salad, desert and two coffees. But we'll be back!
Went here with my wife and some friends and had a great dinner. I ordered the crispy zucchini cakes which were the bomb and my wife got the shrimp which was tasty. I ordered the rib eye med rare which came out perfect and my wife had the lamb chops which kokkari is known for. The waiter was great and attentive, and the ambiance is really nice.Give this place a try if you haven't already. The prices are reasonable, for the excellent food.
It was a short walk from our hotel and I had no idea what this place is going to be like. I was surprised and still think about how great of a choice tonight was. This is my first Greek Restaurant. I'm impressed. Reservation is highly recommended. Lights were dim but enough to be able to read your menu. The place looks rich and almost feels like it's steeped in rich red wine. Saucy and yet alluring. I think its the warm fire burning on the giant open rotisserie going. It gives the place a warm glow that you feel when you take in an excellent cabernet.Feeling bold that night and ordered the most exotic entree: Lamb organs and Goat Stew. Loved the Lamb organs since they're sorta kabob style and burnt on the edges. It was a little gamey but as expected. It was soo good. I think I ate faster than JD on this one. Lol. We shared both entrees but i think my company like the Goat stew better. It was so tender that the meat just melts in your mouth. Both came with the Kokkari potatoes and oh my! These potatoes are top notch! They're so good. i was torn! Meat or potatoes?? Who gets it first? It's wedge style and I had to control myself from just eating them and forgetting all about the entrees. We also shared the Peach Salad. Excellent for summer! But there was probably more peaches than greens. It was still really good though. Very refreshing.Lastly our waitress was very knowledgeable and helpful. The place was clean and very classy.
Hostess was a little stuffy as was the bartender who served us dinner. And the flavors of the food didn't warrant the price tag associated. The atmosphere is nice, though. I give it a B. It's just not all that.
Kokkari never dissapoints. And I'm a Greek girl who grew up with my Yia Yia's Greek cooking.Highlights:Spanakotiropita - flaky, salty enough, and buttery.Lamb Riblets - I dream about these. They are simply amazing.Saghanaki - who doesn't like cheese fried in butter? Squeeze the lemon on there and prepare for pure goodness.Lamb meatballs - could I have this in the entree size, please?And of course, the lamb chops or braised lamb. No one in SF does lamb as well as Kokkari, in my opinion.Wine list - ask for a Greek wine. They have an incredible white from Santorini that I love. There's a great Greek red that's got the mellowness of a Pinot with a bit of a bigger Cab taste. Really, really good.It's not cheap, but it's worth every penny.
Excellent authentic Greek dining, very classy place. I would definitely eat here again!
I was highly suggested to come dine here. And I have to say, it was eh..for me. Will I come here again. I might. But I don't know....it's like giving a douche bag date a second chance. Why bother?
I don't think it was quite 5 stars but I would definitely rate it a 4.5. We went on a Friday night on a 5:45 reservation because we booked pretty late. The place was starting to get crowded but the staff was courteous, attentive, and professional. The place is definitely larger than you would expect from the outside but that goes to describe just about any establishment in SF. Our waiter was quick to give us the rundown of the daily specials and provided us with as much time as we needed to decide with no pressure. Bread, olives, and water came right away. We both got a glass of wine and it was quite a generous pour that lasted me throughout the night beyond desserts too. Appetizers were Dolmathes and calamari. Both delicious with great flavor. The dolmathes were fresh and just the right texture. The calamari was freshly grilled stuffed with flavorful feta and sat on a bed of shaved fennel and something else that added to the overall dish. They were stuffed small squids, not the sliced rings you typically think of when you think calamari.My husband got the highly recommended lambchops and it certainly lived up to expectation. The portion was generous for the price and even the potato slices that came with it were perfectly cooked and seasoned. My sea bass that was just grilled and seasoned with olive oil, lemon, and simple herbs was delicious. Not the typical fatty sea bass but the mediterrenean kind that is slimmer but packs a lot of fish goodness.For desserts, we got a fig tart with pistachio ice cream, and baklava with a hazelnut vanilla ice cream. The baklava was delicious and lighter, not as sweet as the common one sold outside, and just a great ending. The fig tart was really yummy but the pistachio crumbs on the side was a little too salty and contradicted the fig tart a little too much. Other than that, it was wonderful.Overall, a delicious meal at a great restaurant with a loud but homey ambiance. Many families seem to dine there with large groups of people so I think it's a great place for families to go. Not really for little kids though.
We loved it! Reservations impossible to get so we were a walk in... Lovely hosted apologized for the window table (hello, perfect) next to the bar.. hey it was great... we were waited on by the bartender who knew the menu so well, we decided to let him surprise us - perfect! Watermelon and Feta - perfect! Lamb - perfect! Grilled vegies - well, you guess it by now... dessert was great too... we probably spent 2 1/2 hours at dinner took our time and had so much fun... Will definitely repeat! Oh yeah, price was very reasonable especially for the food and service!
My wife suggested Kokkari for dinner on this memorial day weekend and we headed out instantly!!..Fortunately we were able to get the table for that night.. The authentic greek food restaurant menu was elaborate and as expected the food was extremely delicious. I had the aromatic lamb shank which was well done and extremely flavorful( check out the snap I have uploaded)...the Fakes Supa soup is really tasty ......and yes need to be well dressed in this classy restaurant!!
This is tough. Let's see where it goes.If I exclude the extremely pleasant lunch conversation - and I do because this is about the restaurant, then I can focus on the service, food, ambiance, etc.The restaurant has a nice feel - great atmosphere. A real contributor to this is the intimacy of the seating (large stuffed chairs and tables not too close together), the location of the bar - way inside, opposite the entrance and the open fire with a spit and an entire animal (assume lamb) roasting on a spit - that's awesome!The service was adequate. The restaurant is a little more high end, so the expectation is a little higher - this was as I say, adequate.The food, hmmm. Well, it was...hmmm...OK. Yeah, that's what it was, ok...Just OK. I had lamb kabobs which came with the basic condiments of a gyro. It was in fact, sort of like a deconstructed gyro.The lemon-chicken-rice soup was a little inferior because the chicken was tough actually.The desert - a chocolate sunday was good.Adding it all up its probably a 3.5 round down to 3. Still, Kokkari is A-OK and I would go back.
We have been to Kokkari 5 times and always had amazing food and service. We went there last week to celebrate my husbands birthday. The food was just okay but worst of all was the service. We waited for drinks way too long (25 minutes) after being seated. Even then, we had to get up and ask the waiter to take our drink order. We actually had to ask for our waiter twice during our dinner. The waiter explained that there had been a rush of orders when we arrived. No excuse. Don't just ignore us and force us to ask for service. The food was also very slow to arrive to our table after we ordered. For the prices they charge, I expect much better.
Lunch with 2 co-workers on a Friday at 12: 15pm, glad we had a reservation because restaurant looked full. I started with their salad special - arugula and nectarines with honey vinaigrette. The salad was good but the dressing was a little too sweet for me. Then comes the better dish: grilled whole petrale sole with braised greens, lemon and olive. It was simple and just the way I like my fish prepared.The restaurant is very big, with many servers walking back and forth. And with all the business people networking and discussing work over lunch, noisy level can go up. But we had no problem hearing each other. Also, I appreciated the fact that we didn't have to wait too long for our dishes, despite the large number of people they were serving.
The lamb chops were delicious! I had it for lunch and gobbled it all up. The potatoes were tasty too! And my dessert was excellent. I don't remember what I got but the waiter said it was their special of the day. My waiter was excellent and friendly. He would come and talk to me to keep me company as I was eating by myself. Service was excellent. Love the decor and even getting a little lost finding the bathroom.
o. m. g.i'm still coming off a food-high from this place. it deserves every 5-star review written. the food is FABULOUS. by far, one of the best meals i've ever had at a restaurant.went here with 4 people, had reservations at 8. seated promptly. waiter was knowledagble and not overwhelming. drink service could have been quicker, but i'm not complaining. for appetizers, we had the greek salad, octopus, tzatziki, zucchini cakes, and liver mousse (special for the day.) The tzatziki was TO DIE FOR delicious, the pita bread was fluffy and soft and so fresh. greek salad, amazing (basic cucumber tomato pepper olive oil mix), octopus, fabulous. not chewy, well cooked. yum yum yum! zucchini cakes were amazing!!!!! the sauce was divine. i don't personally like pate but the liver mousse was enjoyed by everyone at our table. now, onto the highlights. the main courses.after the appetizers, i didn't expect the entrees to be that big. but the servings were huge!! I got the lamb soulvaki (lamb skewer), and the others at my table had the lamb chops, the whole fish of the day, and the lamb shank.The lamb kabob i had was my personal favorite out of all the dishes on the table, with the chops coming in for a close second. Definitely some of the best lamb i've ever eaten. Spiced excellent. with a generous side of tzatziki, as well as DELICIOUS potatoes! The chops were amazing. seasoned to perfection and cooked to perfection. no sauce required for these, they were stand-alone good. make sure to get your meat medium or below. the lamb shank literally melted off the bone. it was more "lamb" tasting, but over-all amazing. And the fish! the fish was fabulous as well! They de-boned on request, and it was cooked and presented beautifully.I would go back here ten times over. what an absolutely amazing restaurant.
I used to live almost across the street from Kokkari - and it was lovely.The restaurant has a very warm and relaxed California feel. The food (paired with Greek/Macdeonian wine) was always amazing. For starters I would recommend the dolmathes (grape leaves), watermelon & feta, and grilled meatballs.The place is generally pretty packed and reservations are recommended as it has potential to be the perfect place for a date or business dinner. Also, Kokkari's sister, Evvia in Palo Alto is pretty great as well!
My favorite restaurant in the financial district! The lamb is DELICIOUS and I always love the daily specials. Eating here is a special treat :)
Yes, I have to jump on the Kokkari Band Wagon!!!!!!!!!! When it comes to Greek food, please look no further. It simply astounds me that a restaurant with so many patrons can be so well organized and efficient. Our waiter Ed, was brilliant, fast and funny. The food, OMG.;.................I say no more and the atmosphere, simply classy and old world elegant. I am in love!
A fantastic alternative to similar high caliber restaurants who all serve similar fare. The options vary enough for safe-bet choices to adventurous. The restaurant was loud and crowded, both of which contributed to a one star decrement from maximum.
Good service and atmosphere. We had to wait despite a reservation but were comp'ed an appetizer.All the food is good but the fried cheese is AMAZING. All the menu items looked good, wish I could've tried more. The Lamb is tender and tasty. The fish was good as well, if a little boney. The only problem is that I feel the plates had a lemony flavor that eventually wore on your tastebuds.3.5*s.
Highly recommend you make a reservation, becuase this place gets crowded. Also, leave time to find parking.Everyone was nice and they even paid for our appetizer, because they were a little late seating us (nice gesture). I saw many big parties so this place would be good for a group dinner.Food was fresh, but it all had a very lemony flavor. Try the fried cheese app...well worth it.I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again.
I've lived in the Bay area since 2004 and haven't tried this place until 2012, for my 30th birthday. I don't know why it took me so long, because all I can say about this place is - AMAZEBALLS. I was impressed as soon as I walked through the door, with the genuinely friendly staff, the authentic ambiance and finally the ridiculously delicious meal. I was a little hungover from the previous weekend's festivities, so the husband and I did not order any alcohol - but that's o.k., more stomach space for food. For starters, we ordered the special appetizer of Duck Dolmaths, one of the dips (not sure of the name, but it was made of feta) and pita plates, and grilled Octopus. The husband wanted to order a bowl of Avgolemono soup too, but the waiter said that as much as he wanted to sell it to us, he wanted us to save room for our entrees. All dishes were heaven - the lemon, oregano, and olive oil were great combinations. Such simple ingredients, yet the food was spectacular. For our entrees, I had the Lamb Rotisserie special (slow roasted pieces of the whole lamb they had on the rotisserie all day) and the hubs had the Lamb Chops. Though both were Lamb meals, they were both very different. The Lamb Rotisserie was so tender and melted in the mouth - this is for people who aren't afraid of all parts of the lamb. And the Lamb Chops - so nicely crisp on the outside and tender on the inside; we'd definitely order this one again.And if the night couldn't get more scrumptious, our waiter comped us an order of homemade Baklava (you could TASTE the from-scratchness), complete with a candle to top of this birthday meal. Very unexpected.I definitely want to come back again, and it's very likely I'd order the same items. I know that this time around, we won't wait 8 years for the next visit.
Food was excellent, service was excellent... The appetizers really stood out- giant beans, seasonal greens, lamb riblets, and fried zucchini. All delicious. Of the five of us, we managed to order two very similar dishes as entrees- the lamb shank and goat stew. Both were good, but very similar to each other.Prices are reasonable and they have a large wine list. I'll definitely go back.
I do not give 5-stars often and this place is deserving of it. I just had a dinner party of 20 last night and it was perfect. The appetizers, main entrees, and dessert were great! Most importantly, the waiter was excellent. Obviously, the gratuity was set and included where the waiters normally are not at their best service; he was great, professional, and attentive. I will definitely be back!!Thanks Kokkari!
Great service staff, atmosphere and divine food.
Warm ambiance, delicious cocktails, and solid food. Reason for 5 stars? The great staff, from hostess to our humerous waiter to manager that checked on us, all around thumbs up. One of the more memorable meals in SF. Discovered amazing wine from Greece that paired perfectly with the lamb dishes, which was really full body with minimal tannin at the end which is hard to find and may not be for everyone, but great suggestion for our table.
Amazing food, great ambiance and great service. Max was the best!Appetizers:Ordered the Taramosalata and Soutzoukakia, both were delicious!The sauce covering the lamb meatballs was also a little spicy which made it taste even better.Entrees:Kotopoulo Souvlas and LavrakiThe fish was served filet style and was everything I expected and a lot more.The chicken was well prepared and seasoned to perfection.Dessert: Yiaourti was amazing and flavorful. Must try!Drinks:Washed it all down with Vodka sodas and Dirty Martinis (about 8 drinks).Dropped about 2 bills here, but it was worth it. Make reservations early :-)
Not much more I can add here on top of 966 reviews that you will learn anything additional from ... I mean I know you all looooove reading my reviews and all ... ;)I'll leave it at this:My faves ... Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata Platter // Soutzoukakia and Grilled Lamb Chops.Done. Dine. Delish.
This is a terrific place for a business lunch. The atmosphere is lovely and the service is really good. I really loved the dolmas (grape leaves stuffed with rice, dill & mint ) and the avgolemono (a traditional egg-lemon soup with chicken & rice). the complimentary olives (mixed olives, extra virgin olive oil & oregano) were also a nice touch. I wasn't terribly hungry, but many things on the menu, especially the beef short ribs(with braised with garlic cloves, vinegar & little onions over orzo) looked positively scrumptious. On the downside, it's a bit pricey if you're just grabbing a quick bite. But, if you want to impress or go a bit upscale, it's great.
Underwhelming, at best.I am amazed that so many people are impressed by this restaurant. The food is good, but not THAT good. The fish is awful, and they managed to dry out my duck - an amazing feat! The atmosphere is good, as is the location, but I really fail to see how any of that can compensate for the underwhelming food. When I go out to dinner, I want to eat food that either a) I cannot make my self and/or b) cannot make as well as the professionals in white. Here's the kicker, though. THE LAMB WASN'T EVEN ALL THAT GOOD! Everybody and their mother says "Oh the lamb this, the lamb that..." Whatever. My girlfriend ordered it and I was glad that I had ordered my poorly-cooked, yet still tasty, duck. As we exited the restaurant, my wallet significantly lighter, I could not help but reflect on all the better meals I've made for myself and had others prepare for me.  P.S. They don't even cut their own fish - it's delivered portion cut! No quality control!
I loved this place. I was invited by a colleague to an innocuous business lunch that ended up yielding a great surprise in terms of food and good contact in terms of business. I had their fish of the day and it was moist, fresh and perfectly cooked. Their appetizers are just perfect in size and their yaourti me meli (yogurt with honey) was UNBELIEVABLE!! Their greek coffee was well done too. I can't wait to go again and even try their Palo Alto location.NOTE: This is NOT a greek taverna.
I absolutely love this restaurant. I'd even go so far as to say that it's one of my faves in CA and I think that's a pretty big compliment in a city full of great restaurants. I love the ambiance too, it's sort of a jazzed up rustic look, with dim lighting and yummy smells bouncing of the walls and beams of this place! You can come all dolled up, or come in a pair of jeans and shirt. You can come for a romantic date or a nice dinner with the family. Anything goes. The hostesses are warm and friendly, and the service is impeccable. For all this and more, Kokkari definitely deserves 5 stars! Among some of my favorites are the gigantes, zucchini cakes, Kokkari potatoes, fresh spreads and pita, the lamb, chicken and the moussaka. I'm not a huge fan of lamb, but this is just about the only place I'll eat it. I've come with friends, co-workers, and family, and it's definitely always a crowd pleaser. Speaking of which...I definitely need to come back soon! P.S. How had I not already written a review for this place!
Do you like Greek food?Well, it doesn't matter. You will like Kokkari. Everything this chef touches turns to gold. Beans, snails, yoghurt, olives, watermelon & feta. I know these things don't sound like heaven; but in the walls of this greek food paradise, they are.I recommend ordering as many things as possible, and sharing with your comrades. Even if it doesn't sound good. Even if it includes ingredients you *hate*. You will soon find yourself redefining taste, while your taste buds learn to speak Greek.
The best birthday dinner EVER. The food is just absolutely glorious. We ordered the zucchini cake appetizers, lamb shank and lamb chops. We also had a glass of the Cab and a glass of the Malbec.Gloriousness at its best. Will have to return here. Greek food at its best.
We went for lunch and this was our first visit. It was delicious! The food was very reasonably priced for the quality and amount of food, and the quality was excellent. I had the Lamb Slouvaki (sorry, I can't spell it)! It was perfectly cooked to order and arrived at the perfect temp. My GF had the special of the day-- a stuffed eggplant. OMG, I hate eggplant, and this was superb! The attention to detail was noticeable-- from the crispy bread to the excellent side dishes.The service was elegant without being overbearing, and was well-timed, too. The decor is pleasant, and they appear to have a good wine list. I will return again !
If price is someting you are worried about then consider this a 4 star review.The food here is just amazing. We had the squid appetizer, which was perfect and yummy. The bread and olives they brought out at the start were a great way to open the stomach to the yumminess coming down the line. We then had a soup, i wish I could remember which one it was, but it was delicious! My date had the lamb shank. Very tasty, very tender, a bit of a BBQ flavor to it. I had the ribeye, blue. It was perfect. the taste of the beef accentuated, not covered up, by the spice choices they made. For many people this would be reserved for a special occasion. I am no exception. It was a perfect special occasion meal!
Kokkari in my view is the best restaurant in the City! The food is excellent, The service is great and the ambiance is amazing.O, and did I say the food is to die for!The only problem is that you always have to have reservation, ever on Mondays!
Second timer. Enjoyed the meal. Highlights: Lamb meatballs, grilled octopus, delicious grilled fish. Also enjoyed an excellent Greek white wine, which was recommended. Service was 5 stars.
Even days laterI dream of the moussakaGo to Kokkari..._____I came to Kokkari upon the recommendation of fellow yelper Suge. Suge told me to try the moussaka, and I am so glad I did. It was absolutely phenomenal. You need to go there and try it for yourself.The atmosphere and decor and quite pleasant, and I imagine it's hard to go wrong with any of the items on the menu, though some were certainly better than others. It's a much larger establishment than it appears from the outside, and the secret is out, folks--it gets crowded.I think I saw a few C-list celebrities, but I couldn't remember any of their names, so I mostly just pointed and asked my company, "Hey! Who is that guy/girl?" and then we'd all stare for a moment before we caught ourselves and behaved.I had a great time and I'd love to go back to Kokkari again sometime.
Great spot. Have come here for lunch and dinner. Lunch is busy with business ppl, so you may have a wait. Dinner is lovely & intimate. The selection here is wide: lots of appetizers to chose from that you can make a full meal from. My favorites are the Gigantes--so much flavor! The meatballs and the watermelon/feta salad are also super yummy. The lamb entree was a bit dry, but the tatsiki sauce and grilled veggies were great. This is a solid go-to in the Jackson Square area--give it a try!
This is not the best Mediterranean food that I have ever had but our waitress was awesome and the company was great. We started out with the octopus and the fried zucchini cakes. The octopus was a little mushy but the zucchini cakes was pretty damn good. Really can't go wrong when you fried stuff. i thought the pita bread was out of this world along with the spread. A very light hummus type of spread that went perfect with the pita. I ordered the rotisserie chicken and my other friends had the 22 oz rib eye. I enjoyed the chicken a lot but my friends said the rib eye was a little over seasoned. The place has a nice bar where you can actually eat there as well. We ordered a few drinks here and they pour it pretty healthy. Overall.............a great experience and it was very reasonable. I would definitely come back here again.
Came here with my man a two friends... loved it! The ambience is classy and cozy. Impressive, to say the the least. Our waitress was totally awesome and her recommendations were pretty damn good. We started with the seasonal watermelon feta cheese basil and pine nut salad. MY FAVORITE. Sounds like "Whatever" but tasted like "Halleluah!" We also ordered the fried cheese (a tad salty) and octopus (very fresh). So far so good!Between the four of us, we ordered two orders of berkshire pork (one of the specials), grilled sea bream (also a special) and grilled lamb chops. The sea bream, which our waitress told us can be best compared to red snapper, was a tad fishy... (fail), but the lamb chops, omigosh... so tender! PERFECTION! As for berkshire pork, WOW-WOWEE-WOW!!! Amazing. My man cleared his plate. It was a very large plate...We closed our meal with a raspberry/blackberry/brandy/whipped-cream concoction. Good in moderation.An overall wonderful dining experience. I can't stop thinking about the refreshing watermelon salad and PERFECT lamb chops. MORE!!!
Hard to book in advance, but we got on by waiting at the bar. Order the lamb riblets!!! Best I've ever had. Goat stew and the whole fish were amazing. Simple seasonings, amazing taste.
it's been a while since my visit to kokkari, but i wanted to review it before all details escape my mind entirely. it was a balmy summer evening, and a group of my girlfriends and i congregated at kokkari for a going away dinner. it was quite warm in the restaurant, and although the waitstaff had thrown open all available windows, i still found the air a bit uncomfortable. perhaps they don't have A/C? not that san francisco usually requires it of course. on the positive side, it kind of made it feel like we were dining al fresco in greece. :)upon perusing the menu and conferring with the server and amongst ourselves, we decided on the following:Gigantes - oven-baked giant beans with tomato sauce, olive oil & herbed feta Grilled Calamari - stuffed with feta, fennel & orange with black olivesPurslane & Apricot Salad - with manouri cheese, honey-lemon vinaigretteWhole Fish - traditionally grilled with braised greens, lemon & Cretan olive oil (branzino that day)Galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with apricot spoon sweet & crme frache ice creamYiaourti Granita - yogurt sorbet with seasonal fruit granita & mint syrupTarta me Fruta - stone fruit tart with vanilla ice creameverything tasted fresh and healthy, and the group favorites were the gigantes and the whole fish. the desserts were okay but i was disappointed by the galaktoboureko -- at least to me, it sounds much better than it tasted.definitely a must try if you're into greek food and don't mind spending a pretty penny.
WOW.... What a place... The one time I ate here I was incredibly sick with a lackluster appetite. It was my friend's birthday so I attended with the intention to eat very little. Despite my situation, I was blown away by this place and my sickly palate was rejuvenated. This place is filled with an amazing charm, incredible food, and very friendly service. To top it off, its reasonably priced!Personally, I loved the lamb chops... The bursting flavor momentarily made me forget I was sick. We all ate family style, so I also tried the Pork, Chicken and Fish. All were excellent. I highly recommend this place.
Let me start by saying that Kokkari is one of my fav restaurants in San Francisco. I've been here a few times and would recommend it to everyone.  But OMG i had the worst experience last Saturday. 5 of us showed up for dessert around 10 PM. Willie Brown was across from my table :-) That guy never seem to age. Still looking good Willie. Yes i know as a waiter it sucks that 5 people show up for dessert only but that doesn't mean you have to be rude and show your disdain to the customers. At least we didnt order 3 dessert and shared it. I've been there many times for dessert only and generally the waiters are very cordial. Sister order the flour less chocolate cake which is always yummy and I thought i'd try something different and ordered rice pudding. YUCK!!! Please dont make that anymore.Waiter never came and asked how we're doing or if we'd like anything else. An hour later he just showed up and dropped the check and said "thank you". that was it!!!The waiter got $0.00 tip.YES I'll still go back and chalk this to a bad waiter.
One of my favorite spots in SF. Love everything about Kokkari and the food is great. Ambiance is beautiful and great for any type of party. Make a reservation weeks in advance though. Can be tough to get in, depending on the day and time.
Yummoful!!!!Service was excellent. Even though it was packed and I had no reservations they figured a way to fit me and my friend in.Decor is lovely.Food was "spectacular"! But I have to say hands down has to be their lamb ribs... My mouth waters just thinking about them :)  In fact me and my friend set a record by ordering 4 orders at one sitting. They served them to us on one plate. Afterwards we grinned at the waiter and said "Umm... so that is one dish. Where are the other 3 we ordered?!?!?"Overall a great place to eat.
The service at this restaurant is wonderful. The food has been good with a variety of greek cuisine, I particularly like the Arnisia Paidakia and Kalamata Pita. It has been one of my favourite places to eat when in San Francisco, however I don't think I would eat here again in the near future. Simple because I want to try out new places and Kokkari Estiatorio doesn't offer anything exceptional.
I can't believe that I'm giving Kokkari only two stars, but this dining experience was certainly only worth two stars. A little background: I work two doors down from Kokkari, and our firm uses the restaurant as our de facto client restaurant whenever clients come to visit.  I've eaten here several times, including some remarkable occasions (when it first opened, private parties, the evening I was wooed over dinner by my soon-to-be-new-boss) - that sort of thing. I took my sister here for her birthday today, and was disappointed by nearly everything. They gave me a terrible table (single woman waiting for her dining companion syndrome). When my sister showed up I asked to be moved to a banquette. The waiter hovered over us and asked us if we had made a decision at least three times, even though we asked him to give us some time. We ended up deciding to share several appetizers, and asked him to pace them. Well, they weren't paced and came out one after the other. Believe me, the gigante beans don't taste as good if they aren't piping hot.  Nor are the meatballs or the baked cheese....Just an annoying experience. Probably an aberration, but I could've saved $60 bucks by going to Krivaar and getting a selection of mezze.
"As good as it gets" is definitely how I would describe my dining experience at Kokkari. We ordered 5 mezethes for just the 2 of us...soup, salad, spanakotiropita, and grilled octopus. For the entree, we shared a grilled fish, and by the end, we were deliriously satiated.
I'm not sure why I waited so many years between visits to Kokkari, but I'm glad I went back the other night for my last meal as a San Francisco resident. And despite feeling uncomfortably overstuffed after dinner, I still appreciated every single thing I shoved into my mouth.For starters, my dining companion and I enjoyed the gigantes, zucchini cakes, and the platter with melitzanosalata, taramosalata, tzatziki, and tirosalata. The zucchini cakes were pretty awesome and my dining companion loved the flavor of the gigantes, even though he isn't a big fan of beans.For my main, I enjoyed the lamb chops (the whole reason I wanted to visit Kokkari in the first place), which were perfect. My dining companion loved his grilled whole fish of the day - I think it was a snapper.And for dessert, we had the galaktoboureko and the Kokkari sundae - a perfectly decadent way to end a ginormous meal!
My restaurant experience was similar to when I saw Garden State for the first time. There was wayy too much hype around it, and when I finally experienced it, it just didn't add up. It was good, but eh. You know what I'm talking about.My expectations were high when coming here and many of them were met. The service was incredible, the atmosphere was cozy, and the barista was exceptional. Definitely stay for your favorite espresso drink post meal. But something was missing... the food, while it was good, didn't impress me. I've had better and for a more affordable price I might add. Try this place if you like, or don't. I'm certainly not going to make an effort to eat here again.
The interior is beautiful but the food isn't that special. I got mussels, which were delicious but not a reason to come back. The baklava was overly sweet for me. I will probably go back to try other menu and this time, come dressed up (last time, I was the most underdressed girl sitting in the middle of the room)
I really wanted to like this place, as I love Mediterranean.1. Food: the food is good, a little overpriced, but quality was still good enough. I really enjoyed the Zucchini Cake appetizers. 3.5 stars2. Ambiance: A little crowded. I could feel the breath of the people next to me. 3 stars 3. Service: Hostess was nice, and other helpers were nice -- but my waiter was horrendous. She was condescending to my party. That already was a big slap in the face. She definitely was not attentive to our table at all -- my ice tea never was refilled until I asked another waiter. It took me 3 waiters to find her so she can get me the check.....yes 3 waiters, and 2 of the waiters couldn't even find her. 1 star.
After multiple visits to Kokkari, I now have a constant craving for their delectable meatballs and eggplant side. There is no better Greek restaurant. I love that they have a cozy seating area by a fireplace where they roast meat and that they have a long bar so if you want to just come for a delicious side and wine, you can do that too. The service is great, the portions are good and the food is awesome.
As of this writing, there are 1088 reviews on Kokkari, so this review is more for my own tasting notes, and for my devotees, than it is for the broader Yelp community.Don't try it without a reservation, first, and foremost. The negatives that I have to impart about the experience are all very minor. Being served sourdough and herb bread instead of pitas seemed a little out of character for a Greek restaurant, even one as (seriously) upscale as this. The service on this bustling Saturday night was also not particularly remarkable, though I saw examples of excellent service take place...This said, the food is excellent.  The calamari appetizer is not to be missed, tender, stuffed with warm feta. Truly a feast for the senses. I had the lamb chops, one of which was perfect, but the other two were less so, though all were wonderfully flavorful, and definitely an experience I'd repeat.This is a fine dining establishment worthy of recommendation, and definitely meriting another visit or three...I'm still looking for a mid-range family style Greek place though, where your hosts treat you like family, OPA!
My hubby & I met here for a date night on a Thursday night - made reservations through OpenTable a few days before hand and got in without a problem.We had a great table against a wall with a nice view into the main dining room.Our server was fantastic - incredibly professional and knowledgeable about everything on the menu. Very friendly, personable and all around a delight.We shared the lentil/vegetable soup (delicious!), greek salad (yummy), lamb chops (amazing), mousakka (fantastic), lemon curd & rice pudding desserts (so-so). Overall everything was prepared and presented beautifully - all dishes (with the exception of the desserts which were slightly disappointing) were fantastic!It was a little pricey - so not sure we'll be back soon, but there is a private dining room downstairs that looks like so much fun for a small private party - will definitely keep that in mind for special events.A must try for those who enjoy greek food!
Just briefly on my experiences because everyone else has pretty much said it. We ate there on a Friday night. We were definitely under dressed but we still received world class service. The waiter was very personal and helpful but I felt like at times we were over waited. Also their prices were quite high, but, that's what you get for dining at one of the best restaurants in SF. Needless to say the food was excellent. I'll definitely consider going back for a special occasion, but definitely not as an every day place.
Our 3 year wedding anniversary has arrived and my hubby had a lot to make up for the food poisoning I got (see Taco Hell review). I wasn't sure if I was ready to eat real food. The toast and Gatorade diet has been safe for me.But I gave it a chance. My hubby planned the whole day of making it up to me and he did very good. Harry Potter on IMAX. An hour full body massage when I got home, and now a delishh dinner.The lamb is to drool for!The watermelon with feta cheese was unbelievably to drool for!Thomas pur waiter was the BEST! He was pleasant and made the best suggestions! Thank you Thomas!If he thinks he is getting laid after this dinner you better believe I am giving up the goods!
Men love Kokkari because I've been here on more first dates than any other restaurant in the city. The food is great and the service is attentive but not obtrusive. I prefer eating and drinking at the bar since Tony is hilarious especially in the company of the Chairman.
OMG.I have been here twice with a greek friend and her greek family and loved every bite of it (see pic, heck yea!). Extra stars for hot, greek servers ;)
Ahhhh...such a wondering dining experience! Just got back and couldn't wait to review...It was a busy Friday night and we had to wait awhile for our table, when Doug, the manager I'm guessing, offered our party of 5 the private dining room in the wine cellar! Usually they charge $1000 to dine in the room, but not only did we get it for free, he sent us two free appetizers as well (the flatbread and pan-fried cheese and beans). Both were delicious, I enjoyed the lemon flavoring. We had a feast and ended up including tip and tax, only paying about $40/each for a excellent meal. Our waiter, Christopher, was EXCELLENT. Ask for him if you can. He's professional without being fake or pretentious, and still has a great sense of humor too. He was super attentive although he had to run down the stairs numerous times throughout the night. We saw like ten different waiters serving us different dishes. Amazing service, really. The rib eye was good, but not astounding. I enjoyed the Kokkari potatoes. The zucchini dish was good too. My friends enjoyed their lamb chops too. Overall a memorable dining experience. As our waiter Christopher stated, eating is all about the "memories"! :)
Kokkari's is probably my favorite high end SF restaurant. I've eaten at many others, but the food at Kokkari's always sticks out in my mind as a favorite. The restaurant is pricey, but I think it's still a better value compared to many other places I've eaten at. I've spent well over $300 for dinner for two at some well known high end places and walked away not really impressed. At Kokkari's, I usually end up spending half that, and I have yet to be disappointed. The last time I ate there, I ordered the lamb from the rotisserie. They presented a heaping plate of meat with several different cuts off the lamb and half a lemon to squeeze over the meat to cut through the fat. The side was just simple roasted potatoes with great flavor. The meat was seasoned perfectly, and the different cuts had different textures and slightly different flavors. I salivate just thinking about it.
I've made several attempts to eat at Kokkari prior to my visit....The most memorable being a last minute decision waltzing over during a walk....Me- in SF Giants hat, flip flops Companion- "STILL UNCONQUERED!" written BABY BLUE T-shirt with a HEMAN look alike figure lunging a sword in the air + BOARD SHORTSwe were not dressed and it was packed house with no reservationsAnyhoo....SUPERB staff. Friendly smiles, casual jokes and super cool servers. I like! Watermelon salad, Taziki app and Pork Chop Special! My friend insisted he would like the Ribeye steak even though it was not on the lunch menu. The restaurant was happy to accomodate and cook it up. Thank you. Everything was delicious! When the ribeye was brought out, I couldn't help but GASP at the size of that thing. It's a good piece of meat. I say...hruuuuuuum.....about the size of an eggplant! Not the Asian ones, but the AMERICAN eggplants. Those things are huge.We finished everything, and the grand finale....(thanks a LOT for ordering it even though I SAID NO).......their SUNDAE. No joke. As good as Ghirardelli Squares. Guilty feelings forced down by spoonfulls of goodness. GIHUGEOUS. Chocolate and Vanilla Ice cream, FUDGE layer, MORE VANILLA with THICK Whipped Cream over the top drizzled by Chocolate sauce and COVERED in Hazelnuts. Dream come true. Good weather, Good food, GOOD service, GOOD COMPANY.Life is goooooooooooooooooood
"She wanted what I couldn't give, and I wanted what she didn't have." Augustus McRae Something happens to me every time I go here. And I never seem to know what it's going to be until it happens. BUT, if something's going to happen, just as well that it happens surrounded by great food, homey decor, and great service. While the Greeks have been consuming wine for millenia, I think Greek wine must be an acquired taste [alternatively, Homer may be right, and it may be necessary to add honey]. My advice: stick with Italian varietals. Maybe a barolo to round out the grilled meat. And if you should leave with some significant segment of your worldview deeply in debate, the decadence of a slice of chocolate cake for dessert should help you remember that existence is still fundamentally the same. I'll be back.
Went with my boss for dinner. The food is wonderful and authentic, atmosphere is warm, the service was impeccable - we had a lovely waiter. I had the squash blossoms and quail entree - both were excellent with wine our waiter recommended.Will be back again. Next time will bring my family.
The food is great with a little something for everyone on the menu. Although it is always packed, the place is larger which makes it good for groups. Try to get a booth if you can.
Wife became very devious & made reservation in the beginning of the week for a hopeful romantic dinner at this Greek-style restaurant. "She buys, we fly? Not likely!"She, who was in a hot and sexy dress, told Matt to wear a suit for this rare special dinner date, Matt wouldn't oblige, but met her half-way. Wearing a nice suit and Converse All-Stars was all he can do. Just kidding!She made reservation and the hostess lead us to our seats, in which we were seated immediately. Not a bad start, would you say?For appetizer, we started and shared a plate of grilled lamb tongue with capers and bell-peppers with tasty shallot vinaigrette on a skewer (don't know the name) The Grilled Lamb was very delicate and extremely tender that it melted in our mouths. For a $9.00 appetizer, it does pack a punch and was a great choice. (Thank you, thank you!)For the main course, Matt orders the Kokinisto me Manestra, which is a piece of lean lamb-shank covered with the marinated Greek sauce with orzo and sprinkle of myzithra (Greek Cheese) to round out the dinner plate. The $25.00 dinner-plate was what the doctor ordered and faired very nice.Wife ordered the Galeo, which is a thick ass roasted Halibut Steak, and comprised of a fingerling potatoes, Morel Mushrooms and Fava Beans. Her $26.00 seafood plate was very tasty and complimented very well with a tasty glass of $8.00 Greek-wine. What more can you ask for, a perfect and lovely night, although we had trouble pronouncing our plates and other items on the menu, but more importantly we did have a wonderful dinner. Coming to this restaurant can be very pricey, but well worth it for a date and a second visit, in which we didn't have any dessert.Matt may not be Greek, but you can call him "Big-Papa!"
LAMB CHOPS!that's all I'm going to say!ENJOY!def make reservations!!!!
Was there again on a recent Sunday evening. Still fairly crowded and there was a bit of wait to eat at the bar. Great food and atmosphere as always, it's hard to argue with this place. It can become a bit of an addiction if you are not careful.
Considering this restaurant has such great reviews, it simply was impossible to live up to it's reputation. The lamb chops were reviewed to be the yummiest chops on earth, and although they were of exceptionally high quality, they were served luke warm and without exceptional seasoning. The sea bass, prepared roasted in tomatoes and fennel, was also luke warm and overwhelmingly seasoned. I could have made a similar dish at home. Still, the service was excellent, the restaurant decor very nice, and the atmosphere was loud and lively. The ingredients are very high quality, but the food isn't something I'd rave over. I like it but don't love it.
You know, just because a restroom is located in the basement and away from the main dining room doesn't make it any more acceptable for people to bone down there.GET A ROOM YOU FUCKING DISGUSTING SKANKS. This is a *nice* restaurant.Five stars for the amazing:--grilled octopus--grilled artichokes and eggplant--fried smelts (but get a half order and split it, as nobody needs to eat more than three smelts per sitting, TRUST ME)--feta ravioli--galaktoboureko (OMG)--Greek coffee (AKA crack cocaine)Minus a quarter star for the nauseating:--(semi)dry humping in the basement I know this place specializes in meat, but I don't want to see Bebe McWhoreton grasping CottonDocker VonDouchebag's lamb shank when I'm THAT full of smelts. Ugh.
Yeah, so most of the time when places have great reviews, I am a little skeptical...but this place certainly lives up to the hype! Beautiful decor, fantastic warm atmosphere, very tasty food, and wonderful employees. Go there...do it...I promise you wont be disappointed...
Fresh, no-nonsense Greek/Mediterranean food, including amazing fresh fish. Don't forget to try the octopus and lamb burger. Surprisingly robust wine list.
Food wise - never a bad night! Grilled lamb riblets, fried smelts, grilled bronzino - can't go wrong! Reservations are way to hard to come by, which could be frustrating!!!
I didn't think it was possible to love Greek food even more than I already do, and then I was introduced to Kokkari. I'm pretty sure Kokkari is a model of Heaven itself, as I felt this meal was truly divine...To beat the recession, the bf and I decided to pass on entrees and instead get a few small plates, called Mezethes, to share. On recommendation, we ordered the Kolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber and mint-yogurt dressing - $8.75, and the Arnisia Plevrakia - grilled lamb riblets with lemon and oregano - $9.25. These two dishes were absolutely amazing and nothing was left on the plate to show for it. And if Kokkari wasn't as classy as it is, I might have considered licking the plates. Words cannot do the flavors that danced in my mouth justice...Passable were the Marithes Tiganites - crispy whole smelts with garlic-potato skordalia and lemon - $8.50. Our fabulous server, Thomas, told us that these were nicknamed "fries with eyes," but these were just too fishy to eat. We left most of the little critters on the plate, and at the end of the evening when our bill came, Thomas told us that he took the smelts off the bill since he noticed we hardly touched it. We hadn't even asked him to do that, and I love a place that can truly appreciate its customers' needs. It was completely unecessary for him to do that, but we appreciated it nonetheless. It meant a lot to us that he was so attentive!!For dessert, we wanted to try something a little different. The flourless chocolate cake ("Sokolatina") was suggested, and looked delicious, but the bf got the Kokkari Sundae instead. It came with house made chocolate ice cream (I think the best I've ever had!) and vanilla ice cream, hot fudge, whipped cream, and toasted hazelnuts - $10. So decadent. Equally delicious was what I ordered - the Yiaourti me Meli which was house-made Greek yogurt with spiced walnuts and dates, drizzeld with Marshall's honey - $8. To conclude, Kokkari is an experience not to be missed. If you can't afford a Greek vacation, come here instead.
Great place, with a great atmosphere. Tried to get dinner, but didn't make a reservation on time, so just grabbed drinks. Service was excellent and the prices were reasonable.
Kokkari is fantastic. I had the special - braised pork and it was delicious. Not the healthiest item on the menu, but extremely flavorful and cooked through but very tender. We also tried the greek salad, spanakopita and the octopus dish. The octopus dish is worth trying even if you're squeamish about tentacles.The ambience is rustic as others have mentioned but it's a nice decor. They have a small but friendly and lively bar. There's ample parking on the weekend in that area (for dinner) so it's easy to drive. Definitely worth going back and great for groups or just a quiet dinner date.
Beautiful, classy environment with outstanding service. The food is fantastic, on the scale of a top tier steakhouse, and yet with appetizers, a glass of wine, dessert, you're looking at only spending about $60 a head. Nothing on the menu is bad, but the lamb chops put everything else to shame.Reserve a table a couple days ahead if you want to eat between 6-8 (normal dinner hours). Even the bar gets full fast if you're eating alone. And this isn't a plug, but the restaurant is available on Open Table if you need to see their availability
I took my bf to Kokkari for his birthday. Parking was a breeze which is a huge plus in my book for a SF restaurant. The atmosphere inside was very nice and the service was very good. I didn't have much of an appetite that night, so we didn't order that much. Sparaggia - oven roasted asparagus with feta, dill & lemon vinaigrette - $8.50- nothing specialGarides Yuvetsi - wood oven roasted prawns with tomato & feta cheese - $12.75- too salty and the portion was very smallGaleos - pan roasted Pacific halibut steak, sweet corn & peppers with fresh tomato & olive sauce - $23.5- the halibut was very well cookedWhen I made the reservations, I told them that it was for my bf's birthday, so they asked me to spell his name and told me they would bring out a special dessert for him. When our meal ended, the waitress brought over the dessert menu. I was a bit confused and told her that we didn't want any dessert. About five minutes later, they brought out his birthday sundae.  On the plate, they spelled his name wrong. haha! Oh well, we both enjoyed the sundae immensely. I think it actually was my favorite part of the meal!3.5 starsI know 3.5 stars is a little harsh, but I really expected Kokkari to be amazing. I prefer Evvia, the sister restaurant in Palo Alto.
Perfect lamb chops!
Dined here last night and the experience was amazing. The service was exceptional and the food was delicious. The lamb skewers and rotisserie lamb of the day was nicely flavored and cooked to perfection. Would highly recommend this place to anyone going for a celebration or a fancy night out.
My fave Greek restaurant! The food is delicious, the service is excellent, and the ambience is warm. Nothing on the menu is bad.Start with an appetizer. I suggest the Gigantes, the largest beans I've ever seen. The others, such as the Roasted Prawns and Calimari, won't disappoint. For entrees, I love lamb so I like to get the Moussaka or the Lamb Chops. I recommend the Galaktoboureko, which is a custard-filled filo served w/ ice cream, for dessert.Finally, the portions are big, so you'll not only leave satisfied, but stuffed, too.
I finally have a chance to yelp this place! If i could give one restaurant 10 stars, Kokkari would definitely be it! The customer service here is perfect and the food was perfect as well! My husband was a little iffy about going here, because he's not into mediterranean food but after just one bite of our appetizers he was hooked! He even said that Kokkari is now one of his new favorite restaurants!! We had the filo pies and zucchini cakes... yum!! For our entrees i had the whole fish with veggies and my husband had the rotisserie chicken. That fish melted in my mouth and i ended up eating the whole thing! I had a bite of my husband's chicken and it was sooo flavorful! When it was time for dessert (my favorite part of any meal), we ordered the galaktoboureko, the greek cookies, and a special that they had (some kind of greek custardy cake). I recommended to never leave without getting the galaktoboureko for sure! It is now one of my favorite desserts. My husband and i plan to go back again in a few weeks. Btw, our servers name was katie and she was excellent!!!!!
i needed to take 3 people out to a nice dinner as a thank you, and remembering the good reviews i've heard from other folks about this place, i decided to take a chance. we had a reservation for 6 pm and me and another person got there early and they seated us right away with no problems, none of that "we need to wait for your entire table to get here" crap. our server was really nice and great, and really patient when we took our time. in terms of food, i can't remember the greek names, so i'll just go with what the food was:appetizers/tapa style dishes- calamari: this was quite good, still tender, not rubbery- octopus: these were kinda eh to me, but two of the party really liked them- zucchini cakes: good, but not exceptionalentrees- goat stew: not gamey at all, tender, and the orzo was really nice in the dish, all 3 of my guests liked it- lamb chops: yum! i think this was my favorite dish of the night.- whole fish (sea bass): the person who had it really enjoyed it and finished the entire thing- stuffed quail: this person enjoyed it as welldessert (all three were really good!)- custardy one- rice pudding- baklava/ice cream comboi'm actually undecided in terms of whether i should give 4 or 5 stars. i would really like to give it a 4.5 b/c a couple of the appetizers, while good, weren't stellar, especially for the prices paid and the portions served. overall though, if i wanted to treat someone to a nice dinner, i'd definitely take them here. numerous stars to our server and his patience and for letting us sit for 3.5 hours. okay, you know what, just for that, i'm changing it from 4 to 5 stars.total damage: $330 for 4 people, including tax and tip.
This was one of the best meals of my life. I wanted something light, so I had watermelon & feta salad, peach salad, and a berry bread pudding. It all sounds so simple, but it was extraordinary, perhaps because it was so simple. Everything was fresh and seasoned perfectly. A must next time I visit San Francisco.
I knew after having our appetizers I'd be writing the 557th positive review for this restaurant. I called this morning to book reservations (sat night) and was already stuck with only 5pm or 10pm... we went for 5 which was a good idea as the place packed up quickly. The greek salad and tzaziki were both SO GOOD. The pita bread was warm and soft/fluffy. The tzaziki was a bit thicker than what I've had before.. but no complaints; that good! I've only had greek food in Greece, and this place definitely reminded me of why i love the food. We also got the calamari, but i wasn't really feeling it. I got the moussaka which was DELISH and my friend got one of the specials, some whole fish which he enjoyed a lot too. Definitely try this place, its a bit on the expensive side.. but definitely worth going! !!! So happy I got around to trying this place, YUM YUM!!!
By far the best Greek food i've ever had. Especially the bestest octopus I've ever eaten. You MUST go!
Restaurants can shine for all sorts of reasons. The location. Kokkari has it. The service staff. Kokkari has it. The cooking. Again, Kokkari is a winner. But this last visit to Kokkari I found that the place also shines for its sourcing. They get great vegetables and serve them up well. Heirloom tomatoes with feta cheese, purslane and capers is an example of how to make a great plate of food. The tomatoes were exceptional. Sweet, perfectly ripe, but not overripe and were perfectly complemented by the cheese, capers and a light vinaigrette. Halibut was wonderful. Perfectly cooked. But what made the plate I had remarkable was the sweet corn that was under the fish. And the sweet and astringent cherry tomatoes that were above the fish. Earth and turf at its best. So, to be wonderful all you have to do is hunt up really wonderful, fresh, vibrant foods and go from there.
I really like this place both for the food and the atmosphere. Loved the branzino and the squash and zucchini cakes. Will go back for sure.
The main reason I am reviewing Kokkari Estiatorio is to become one of over 900 reviewers for the same restaurant. If I lived in here in town, I wouldn't bother. But if you are going to visit here, this is worth a stop.Putting chronology and predictability aside, I'm commenting on a second meal in two nights at which I had a dish I've never had in Chicago, which was awesome: yogurt sorbet with strawberry granita. This was among the best desserts I've ever had. It was to be trite, a really hot foodgasm.Bigger picture: the place is well run despite its size. When we first arrived and I saw the capacity of this place, I thought "uh-oh, it's a high end, overpriced factory for upscale lemmings." But, it's not at all.Tip: the sort of expensive entrees are superfluous. You can make a meal of the many well-portioned and fairly priced appetizers, which is what we ate, primarily, consisting of: Zucchini cakes, grilled octopus that melted in your mouth, grilled artichokes, grilled Kalamari stuffed with something creamy that was delicious, smelts that rocked, and a few I forgot already.I was interested to see when they served our saghanaki if they would stoop to the low class "Opah!" flaming nonsense which I can't stand in most Greek restaurants in Chicago. Happily, they spared us. The flaming was done elsewhere. The dish was served without fanfare. And it was perfect - not greasy, gross or heavy.Three of us split a grilled halibut entree served on some interesting greens I'd never had and didn't ask what they were.Last tip: go to the bathroom before you really must. This place is huge, and the bathroom is accessible only by a trek to and wait for an elevator. Waiting for that elevator when you really need a nature break could be annoying.Great place.
I love me some Greek food & what better way to experience it than in SF in an intimate setting with the boyfriend :)My boyfriend & I split the Saghanaki, Kalamari, Domata Salata & Grilled Lamb Chops.The GOOD: Seriously, the lamb chops were the business. Perfectly charred, yet juicy. It's their signature dish & I can see why. The Domata Salata (Heirloom tomato & peach salad) was delicious! Probably my favorite item from the evening. It was refreshing and so different from the traditional Greek salad. The Kalamari had this great feta stuffing and the orange segments in the dish were delicious complements as well.The Ehhhh: The Saghanaki (fried Greek cheese!) was good, but a bit too salty for my liking. I much prefer the version at George's in LB. They even include olives and have a table side flambe! But I digress...And yes...even with a 4-star rating, there is a bad: Our waitress was VERY cold to us in the beginning. Her responses were curt and she didn't crack one smile. However, once my boyfriend ordered our food she looked surprised and said, "Oh wow...you know how to pronounce the menu items. AND you ordered very very good things!" It's like she admitted that she pre-judged us and didn't think we were familiar with Greek cuisine. Very weird. She eventually warmed up to us and was sweet throughout the entire night. Sadly, we were also very off put by our dining location. We were sat at the very first table in the second main dining room. For some reason, my boyfriend's chair kept on getting tripped on throughout the night. Both customers AND servers were hitting his chair and not one person apologized. It was really annoying (must have happened about 6 times) and if there's one word of advice for Kokkari, it is to get rid of that table and just space the other ones out accordingly. Please!I'm willing to give 4 stars to Kokkari even with the chair mishap just because the lamb chops & salad were THAT GOOD. I can sense a return visit in the future to try the rotisserie of the day and their desserts. And yes, I will definitely make sure to have reservations for the main dining room in front ;)
The best Greek food on the planet. Service and hospitality was exceptional. It was my wifes birthday and our waiter was absolutely tremendous, always asking and providing superb service. Now to mention the food and how amazingly delicious it was and cooked to perfection. we ordered the lamb chops and Lamb shank just fall off the bone tenderness. we would highly recommend Kokkari to anyone who appreciates a wonderful food and great service.
Been here numerous times and this place never fails to amaze me. Yum!
Came here with a friend for his birthday. I love Greek food, and had heard good things, so I was excited. The decor was nice, warm and inviting. The service was also swift and accommodating.The food selection was varied and delicious. The bread came with a plate of olives, which were delicious. The saganaki was tasty as were the dolmatas, although I didn't find the dolmatas to be AMAZING and retrospectively wouldn't have ordered them.The mains we got were lamb shanks and a whole grilled Sebring. The lamb was very tender and tasty. The Sebring I had was also good, but was bony (despite being de-boned). Overall, the food and service were good. I felt the Greek-ness of this place was a little oblique though. A lot of the entrees seemed to be Greek influenced more than Greek. All good, but I really want a GREEK place in SF!
I tried the sister restaurant Evvia in Palo Alto. And, this has prompted me to write this overdue review. Kokkari's kicks its sisters bootie... Evvia has a lot of good ratings but i dont think many of the reviewers came here first. If they tried Ks first i think they would revise.Keeping it simple...Everything on the menu is excellent (i have tried everything from squid, fish, lamb, chicken, zucchini cakes,souvlaki, etc etc..of course not in one sitting..if i could i would..haha). Service is Excellent. Ambiance Excellent. Top 3 restaurants in SF in my book. I have been here many times and continue to be very happy. Prices reasonable..Dont say a word when brining friends or family..let them find out how great this place is....you wont be disappointed..
Really a 4.5. They do lamb really well... calamari was a little weird. Wine list well put together and varied enough seemingly pair well with most all dishes on the menu. The ambiance was fantastic. Nice low light, fantastic services, noise level not loud and I felt like it was an intimate dinner. We ordered lamb shank and lamb chop. The lamb chop was to die for. The lamb shank just fell off the bone... it was like getting a carnitas dish in the mission that had been stewing for a week. Yum.Dessert... let me take a brief moment to talk about our dessert. Dessert gets FIVE STARS, hands down. We ordered (i can't pronounce it so I will just describe it) this pistachio ice cream with figs and filo dough egg rolls with custard inside. I don't think I've ever had a dessert that so completely satisfied my craving for something amazing. If anything, go for the dessert. yummm!!
The lamb is divine. The spanicota is delicious. And I worshipped every bite of the Galaktoboureko (pronounced gotta-go-to-the-boot-company).I honestly cannot express in words how good the Galaktoboureko is. Get it. Eat it. Love it.
The dinner at Kokkari was delicious and a very rewarding experience. Our server George was informative, funny and entertaining. The place is huge but inviting. The staff was very pleasant. As our server commented, we went "traditional" with our choice.We shared the grilled octopus with lemon and olive oil. Light, flavorful and fresh. We ordered two entrees: makaronia- ravioli stuffed with sweet pea and mushroom in a mushroom, feta cream sauce. Outstanding. The moussaka was a casserole with lamb, eggplant with a touch of cinnamon. Baklava was absolutely delicious. The wine list is huge but there are some wonderful bargains to be had.Very nice dinner.
Had my b'day lunch here and it was awesome!! Service was great; food was great - they even threw in a b'day dessert for me!! We changed our reservation from 7 to 8 people at the last minute and they were able to accommodate - no fuss! Will definitely make it a point to eat here again!!
The food is very good but, the tables are too close and the noise level is too much.I imagine dinner at the "community table" when one is feeling social and boisterous would work well but, even a private table in the front of the restaurant is too loud for a quiet celebration for 2.
Garides sto fourno, horiatiki, mosharisia brizola, and aginares souvlaki were the top dishes we enjoyed. I am so glad I kept the receipt or else my review would have said, "Everything was really good".The best desserts like galaktoboureko and this yiaourti sorbet that is made with different fruits like concord grapes. I would return for the desserts alone.Good location. Great bar. Recommended.
This was the best dining experience I've ever had in SF. Beautiful, rustic decor, an open hearth with rotisseries going. Passionate, attentive & knowledgeable staff. But the food is the real star! Unpretentious, simple but DELICIOUS Greek cuisine. Try the Kalamata Pita w/ caramelized onions & Mizithra for an appetizer. The house made feta on the Greek Salad is to die for. And, the Grilled Lamb Chops & Roasted Whole Fish are hits! Enjoy!
Wow! If you can get in here, do so! I walked up without a reservation on a recent Tuesday night just after 9:30 p.m. and still had to wait a bit to get in. In other words, make a reservation! (You can do so on line). The service was fantastic. Knowledgeable servers who actually know and care about the food and wine, who are attentive without being annoying. It would have been fun to sit in this nice setting and chat with these smart, friendly people even without the food, but then the food came. YIPPEE! This is some seriously good grub. Octopus appetizer was ultra fresh and tasty, firm without being rubbery- blew me away. Moussaka was out of this world. Wine list is extensive, but very much on the pricey side without very many affordable options, but there are one or two, and those wines are perfectly good. Enjoy!
Came here for drinks and decided to get some small plates at the bar after seeing and smelling all the delicious food coming out of the kitchen. We enjoyed a delicious greek meatball dish as well as an amazing yogurt and honey dish. While pricey, we'll definitely come back for a special occasion.
Mmmm mmm I love this place and I plan on going again. I went for a work dinner and loved everything we ate. We had a large group and split several appetizers. I am so glad we did because i was able to sample almost everything on the menu and it was all very good. I ordered the Lamb for my entree and it was fabulous. I highly recommend it. In addition to the wonderful food, the service was amazing and the ambiance was beautiful. I would recommend this place for romantic dates or groups.
Food is good for what it is (very heavy on red meat). Personally, I'm more of a fish person, so the meat didn't excite me as it did other people. I did try the lamb chops which are delicious. The zucchini cakes were also great, as people before have mentioned. They taste like crab cakes a little. Got stuffed cuttlefish (stuffed with cheese and steamed), which was good, but not as good as the zucchini cake (probably because not fried). The lamb meatballs with goat cheese is delicious as well.Their fresh fish is very very good. It is a little plain because its literally just a fish fillet in a sauce, but the fish (sea bass) has never been overdone either time that I've had it. I've been impressed by how tender the fish is. I had rabbit the last time I was there. This was made well, but I felt the side (just rice) was a little lacking. This could also because I was trying not to eat carbs. The rotisserie has been sold out both times that I went, which has been a bummer. I do want to try this next time. Overall, the food is great, but maybe not up my alley.
One of the best restaurants in San Francisco for sure.If you go to Kokkari, you must try the lamb chops. These are hard to beat. The wine selection is also pretty impressive. In fact, I had the best wine I've ever tried in Kokkari: 2006 Pezzi King Cabernet Sauvignon. Service is also responsive and helpful but not intrusive. Great atmosphere compliments all of these elements. Unfortunately, Kokarri is pretty pricey. Save it for that special occasion. You won't be disappointed!
This place is DAMN GOOD!Food is amazing. Service is great.Place is clean and comfortable.A+++++++++++. 100%. The lamb rib appetizer is soooo good! Wonderful flavor. The bit of tartness is really good for lamb!. The lamb chops are amaazing. Cooked to perfection. Seasoned well. The special of the day was roasted lamb (from the fireplace! a whole lamb!). We had pieces from each part of the lamb. It was very flavorful, fresh, AWESOME! When we ordered, our server jokingly said, "I'm sorry we don't have a lamb dessert!". It was a really amazing lamb meal! The best I've had. They didn't have a lamb dessert, but we did order their Galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with sour cherry spoon sweet & crme frache ice cream . YUMMMMMMMMMMMMM!When I save up enough...I'd come here again. HA! It's definitely a treat....really expensive.
My Greek friend introduced me to this restaurant years ago, and I've been coming back ever since. Kokkari is named after a small fishing village. You feel transported and de-stressed once you step inside... fantastic old world rustic European vibe with a huge fireplace, great pottery & decor, dim lighting, high ceilings/beams, warm relaxed ambiance, great music, and fresh flowers. Great for Birthdays or special occasions. Can be a bit crowded, but that tends to melt away after you're seated. I love coming here after a long week with good friends, sitting at a big table, sharing food and laughs, and lingering for a few hours. Awesome bartenders and cocktails - they really make you feel welcome -like family. I MUST have the Grilled Kalamari appetizer stuffed with feta, fennel & orange with black olives!! (this dish is amazing! - the fennel & orange really bring a fresh brightness with the charred smokiness - the grilled octopus is great, too). I cannot visit without ordering the salatas appetizer platter ~Melitzanosalata (eggplant dip), Taramosalata (made with fish roe), Tzatziki (yoghurt/cucumber), Favosalata (hummus-y) (or Tirosalata (whipped feta)) with their warm, fresh, house-made grilled pita and some warm olives - SO good. For dinner, (if you still have room!) I love the Galeos (roasted halibut), or the perfectly cooked Arnisia Paidakia (grilled lamb chops). I'm not a big fan of lamb, normally - but these are to DIE for!! Yummm! Another must is to try some Ouzo (a Greek, licorice-flavored liqueur)! The Kokkari sundae, the Sokolatina (flourless dark chocolate cake) and their Greek coffee are good, too (it's a stone-ground coffee that is heated over HOT sand). They have a perfect selection of wines, and I've had some amazing ports here, as well. The private dining room downstairs is really nice. Even the restrooms are gorgeous (you have to take an elevator downstairs). Service here is always top-notch - everyone is very friendly, professional, and knowledgeable about the food - and it's preparation, recommendations, and their wine list and pairings. They are very accommodating and attentive - without being overly-attentive. I have had a couple of items that I wasn't too fond of, like the Moussaka (too rich & cinnamon-y for me) but for the most part Kokkari is outstanding. Prices can add up quick~buyer beware. (You can view a "virtual tour" on the Open Table website). They're open till 11pm on Fri.'s & Sat.'s. Valet parking. Enjoy!
How can 912 people be wrong. Delightful place! hands down the best Greek restaurant I've ever been to. The decor is high end rustic. The service was attentive, helpful, and charming. I started with grilled lamb tongue served with a lemon vinaigrette (they tasted like lamb chops). Absolutely divine! I then had their pork special, brined for three days then cooked over a grill, also divine. My dining partner had the goat stew and declared it was delicious, succulent and tasty. The food was nicely presented and beautifully prepared. Its a shame it took moving away from the Bay Area to finally go to Kokkari but better late then never!
In no way will I attempt to write as good of a review like my Yelp counterparts but I will tell you, Greek food was pretty good. I can't rave about much as I only tried a lot of the appetizers and then tried the soup for the day. Maybe I should try the lamb chops. But I must agree, the food was good, service was outstanding, ambiance was just right with a light-hearted flare. However, I have not been wowed by the food yet. Will be returning to enjoy more main entrees.
Hadn't been here since it opened when I went and thought it was good but not great. Well, lunch here is quite outstanding. I sat at the bar with my business partner and a client and we all totally enjoyed our meals. I had a superb lamb burger and fries that were just the right combo of crispy and soft. If they weren't so hot (a good thing), I would've gobbled them down before even tasting the burger. The lamb burger was extremely tasty, cooked exactly how I ordered it and generous in size. The bartender suggested a nice white (my request - reds make me tired if I have them for lunch). I'll definitely be back.
Wonderful Greek food!Parking- valet for $8 or find nearby street parking, which is easy.Ambiance- the place is much bigger than it appears from the outside- tons of room inside with an open-kitchen and lots of good looking professional typesFood- excellent- we decided to order some small plates and share- the lamb riblets are soooo good, the Kokkari salad has a delicious vinagarette, and the watermelon/feta cheese was delicious (much to my surprise).Service- excellent, we had a very enthusiastic Greek guy in his 50s who was super sweet and took excellent care of us.Definitely will be back to try more!
If you're a seafood lover, you must have the following appetizers:Grilled Calamari stuffed with feta, fennel & orange with black olives ($7.50). The stuffing is what really got me. Time to stuff Filipino pusit with feta!Grilled Octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil ($11.75). The octopus was surprisingly soft. Grilled octopus is usually tough. That together with the flavorful olive oil they doused it with, made my eyes roll back in my head in delight.Last but not least there's the "po'-folk" appetizer: fried and abundant. That would be the fried smelt with garlic-potato skordalia & lemon ($7.50) which unfortunately wasn't up to par with fried smelt in cheaper places. It was a bit tough to bite and the exterior not as crisp, but there's a lot of it. Dip it in that yogurt sauce everything comes with and you'll be fine.
My wonderful and ever so accommodating big fat Greek Restaurant!!My love for Greek food started at a very young age, with Sunday gatherings (entire street invited) to feast on authentic cooked Greek dishes.I came to realize very quickly, that Greek's love to eat! Every meal is a celebration in itself. No formalities at the table, everyone attempting to talk louder than the next, laughter echoing down the street, lots of food being placed in the centre of the table and everyone digging in like famished dogs.Everything on the menu here is delicious and authentic...and the lemon flavored potatoes takes every Greek adult back to their childhood. I am salivating as I write with the mere thought of them!The lamb chops are extremely tasty and tender...and the assortment of dips with pita bread want to make you get up off your chair and break out into an awesome zembekiko (traditional Greek dance).As for the Greek coffee..hmmm Greek coffee and I have never truly been friends..ever since the age of 4 when my father taught me how to make it (they start the Greek kids early). He never seemed to worry about the flaming fire as I strategically tried to place the coffee pot (hands trembling) on the burning inferno.I've always described the taste as bitter dirty pond water..but then again, I did try to make it taste bad way back when, so I'd be taken off coffee making duty. My friends beg to differ and order it each time we go.The fried smelts (marithes tiganites) are the cutest little whole bodied fish ....eating a fish the size of your pinky makes you get into spy mode and look around for the SPCA before popping them into your mouth. And don't work yourself up into a panic about eating the tail and head, you won't feel the eyes crunch in your mouth at all ;-)As for the avgolemono (egg lemon soup with chicken)...this is a dish every Greek kid would eat when they'd come down with the flu..and miraculously be cured. As for dessert, don't leave this place without trying the baklava or the galaktoboureko...and then get ready to say (whilst holding your belly) FOOSKOSA! (I'm stuffed)....A must after every meal.Did someone say lets go to Kokkari?? Count me in!
What I liked most about Kokkari was the ambiance and actual site. It's a very chic restaurant with a very hip-San-Francisco feel and crowd. We went here for Lily R.'s birthday and we had a great time. The moment you walk in, you smell the intoxicating aroma of food. I have to admit I was really excited to eat here but fell a little disappointed with the actual dinner. We started with Greek "munchie" food and had the house-made grilled pita with an array of different spreads (Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata and Tirosalata). Try saying THAT five times in a row! LOLThis was satisfying as it pretty much what you would expect for a simple starter. Lily and I ordered the rotisserie chicken. I had seen these babies spinning around and around on the spit and I just HAD to try it! I was surprised because the chicken really wasn't as juicy as I had hoped. It was still flavorful but not amazing. Our friends had the pacific halibut steak as their entree and I wasn't too impressed with that as well. The tomato, olive sauce that came with it, was a bit on the salty side. Our service was slow. So slow that they brought over four glasses of complimentary proseco to accommodate for our wait. That was nice of them. Even though it wasn't the BEST meal of my life, I still want to go back and possibly try something else. There's still hope for you YET Kokkari ;)!!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. It has a great atmosphere and the food is outstanding. I recommend the whole Mediterranean Sea Bass, it's awesome!
Although I'm not really a fan of mediterranean food, I would definitely come back due to the great experience I had here at the bar tonight.First of all, the ambiance is wonderful. It has a really warm, rustic feel that reminds me of the house I grew up in which is definitely a good thing. I wouldn't call it hip or cutting edge, but welcoming and comfortable.Secondly, the service we received from Fatah, one of the bartenders was so genial and welcoming, it made me want to come back again in the future just because I felt so appreciated and happy to be there. I can't really comment on the food because we had one appetizer that I didn't really enjoy and a couple of drinks, but nevertheless my experience was great even without trying a full meal. Also, right before we were about to walk out, he randomly gave us a dessert and some Greek port on the house. That definitely sweetened the experience! (No pun intended.)This seems like a perfect restaurant to bring my family to; something that would please everyone. I'll be back.
birthday dinner for the boyfriend :) and he gives this place 4 STARS!!!he's definitely not a picky eater but he is a person that does not get impressed very easily so the fact that he said he would give this place 4 stars and had a very satisfying meal, i feel pretty accomplished :)from what i can remember, kokkari is one of my first, if not the first, bookmark i ever added when joining yelp. i remembering oogling at the pictures of lamb, hoping to find the chance to come here. the prices aren't too bad but its a place i would feel a little guilty coming on any regular night. being in the financial district and all, this restaurant is definitely more upscale that most places but not pretentious at all. everyone was super friendly, the decor and ambiance was really nice and welcoming, and the food did not disappoint one bit. im sorry i did not get our waiter's name because he was wonderful!crispy smelts with garlic-potato skordalia & lemon - i wish it was crispier but these little fried fish was really good with the skordalia (i have no idea what it is but it has the same texture has hummus) grilled lamb riblets - i really liked it, it was very tender and i liked the subtle oregano and lemon sauce. the BF thought it lacked flavor. and i guess he was under the impression this was a stuffy pretentious place so he was trying to eat these little riblets with fork and knife. our waiter came by and told him that when he takes his wife here, he just eats with his hands. my BF said our waiter made him feel a lot more comfortable after thatFRIED ZUCCHINI BLOSSOMS - one of the specials of the night and my favorite! i never thought i would enjoy eating vegetable flowers so much but it was soo good! i wanted a second order of it too. this should be offered on the regular menu!grilled whole fish with braised greens - we got a whole sea bass which was deboned for us. this was a light dish but still really good and the fish was not overpowered by lots of different flavors. i know kokkari is known for their lamb dishes, but if you like fish, i highly recommend this.lamb chops - had similar flavors to the riblets so i was a little worried the BF wouldn't like it, but the lamb chops were reallyyy good. i already thought the riblets were good but the chops were even better! cooked perfectly medium rare, it was tender and juicy. i liked the huge crispy steak fries it came with too.our waiter brought over a complimentary sundae for the BF for his birthday. it was a hugeee sundae and the BEST sundae i have ever had. im not exactly sure what it was but it tasted like vanilla ice cream with chocolate mousse. we were super stuffed already from our meal but almost finished the whole thing.it was a really good dinner, one of the best i've had. thank you kokkari for your impeccable service and delicious food! i will definitely be back again
Tony a server added a couple bucks to his tip! That's technically stealing. I hate it when servers do that! I notified the manager when I got my receipt. I'm sure they'll do whats right...but BAD TONY! His actions reflect poorly on the whole business.
This place has a great cozy grown up atomosphere which accounts for a lot of the 4 star rating. The food was good but not outta this world for me. For apps we had the spanakopita, zucchini cakes and lamb riblets. The zucchini cakes were delish, the spanakopita was nothing special, and lamb riblets ok. For dinner, one of us had the arctic char with lentils which I tasted and it was good, not great. Another had the Ravioli which was tasty but small, and I had the special of the day, a pork dish. The pork was very tasty but a little on the tough side. Dessert was hot fudge sundae (yum) and the flourless chocolate cake (a little too rich).All in all, I loved the atmosphere, the food was good (not great) and the service was attentive. The place was packed on a weeknight all the way till closing so they are doing something right. Would def. go back next time I'm in SF.
I heart KOKKARI!!!There were soooo many great things about this place that I'm just looking for an excuse come back here!! Bets...Birthdays...Anniversaries....Wednesdays....you know =)Drink: Though they had a MASSIVE wine list, we were so not in the mood to go through all that. Went for the Belvedere Tonics. Sipped on 2 the entire night and and we left buzzin...WE ARE NOT LIGHT WEIGHTS I SWEAR!Appetizer: Zucchini cakes!!!!! Chosen mainly bc we read all the reviews on YELP and everyone said not to miss it. SoOOO good....it looked and the crust tasted like a croquette but it was filled with veggie goodness!!! So many good ones to choose from...there must have been 7 out of the 10 that I wanted to get!Main: OMG! DUCK!!! GET THE DUCK!!! The waitress totally sold me when she described it rubbed with orange peel, fennel, yada yada...yeah hook me up!!! Came out with this HUGE plate...seriously it must have been half a duck! Some crispy lemony potates and some veggie puree to keep it all togther...droooool. Could only eat a quarter of it before I got full but it sure as hell tasted delicious the next morning when I woke up hung over and exhausted from keeping myself away from the box all night.Grilled Lambchops! I could only have one bc I didnt want to steal all of Cherylynn's food...especially since I had a half of duck in front of me. But yummmmmmmm!! I wont steal her thunder and write about it but I was knawing on the bone of the one I so inconspicuously saved to take home (the morning after...cant do that there....we're at Kokkari damnit!)Dessert: BAKLAVA AND ICECREAM. I have no idea what else they even offered bc this totally blew me away!! Warm FRESH baklava (i think they made it with hazelnuts) paired with a scoop of praline icecream......ummm......we are still talking about that dessert today! The place was huge but cozy...must have been the great staff and our super nice waitress- or the belvedere tonics =)I miss you Kokkari....I'll be back soon!!!
Hubby and I went to Kokkari the other day for a special occasion dinner. Boy, the place did not disappoint. Conveniently located at the outskirts of the Financial District, the restaurant is well-decorated and exudes elegance. We ordered a couple appetizers to share--instead of the usual Greek fare (e.g. dolmades), we opted for something a bit more adventurous--octopus, and a special appetizer of sliced peaches with a honey vinaigrette. OMG. That was some good shiznick. Entrees included ravioli and the lamb shank. I swear that lamb started the cooking process about a week ago, because the meat just fell right off the bone. It was a tad on the salty side, but otherwise excellent. Finally, we had the baklava for dessert, which was sweet and crispy.With regard to service--it was excellent. Our server was very knowledgeable about both the dinner menu and the wine options. She also provided, in exquisite detail, the specials for the evening. I would definitely return!
Damn. A 4.5-star average with over 1,000 reviews is pretty much as close as you can come to a sure bet on Yelp.Apparently not.This is kinda like the Slanted Door of Greek food. It's not bad food, it's pretty good, pretty delicious, but nothing you couldn't get somewhere else with lower prices and a less trendy ambience. Portions are a bit small. I was not asked if I wanted more bread.But what sealed it was the granita that was way too sour to eat. Needed something sweet to balance it out.I could have eaten falafel wraps from Ali Baba's cave for a week for the price of one meal here.
I met up with friends here one night, and we ate at the bar. The place was bustling and people were practically on top of each other. I didn't actually have a full meal, but the zucchini cakes I ordered were pretty good, and so was the wine. Great service, the staff was very friendly and totally put up with one drunk-ass, shamelessly flirtatious chick that was in our group. Would like to go back and try a full meal.
Kokkari never disappoints. We try to dine Kokkari whenever we get up to the City from Palo Alto, no matter where our cultural plans take us. This time, the waiter and chef came up with a delicious dinner for my husband because all of the entrees happened to have garlic and onions either in the preparation marinade or so tightly woven into the dish that it was impossible to guarantee that these ingredients would not show up in the dish. This was critical as my husband has a very sensitive stomach - a little bit of garlic or onion could wreck the entire evening for him and us. The Octapodaki salata never disappoints - very delicious, smoky flavor. Sea bream prepared a chef-special way, with a light lemon butter sauce, was delicious. Perfectly cooked and flaky without being dry. We'll be back!
Large portions are customary to Greek cuisine and I was glad to see that Kokkari (being an upscale restaurant) replicated this practice, although I could barely finish my juicy, medium rare lamb chops! The all male wait staff also reminded me of my trip to Greece last summer!Other dishes consumed that night were Soutzoukakia (grilled meatballs) and Mosharisia Brizola (grilled dry-aged rib eye). The wine our waiter recommended went well with our dishes.Kokkari's valet is convenient and absolutely necessary, especially on a Saturday night. And thanks to Kokkari, their restrooms are a pleasure to use, even if you have to use an elevator to get there! There were at least 5 other birthdays being celebrated that night (including mine)! Like these people I wouldn't have wanted to celebrate my birthday anywhere else!
To be honest, I was slightly unimpressed by what some dub as the best Greek food in to. Being part-Greek and having lived in NYC where good Greek food can be readily found, I thought my lamb was excellent but my date's duck was just ok. For the money I was expecting everything to be amazing and it wasn't. As one might expect portions are smaller so don't come too hungry.
Overview:I haven't been this excited about a restaurant in a long time! I dined here last night with two friends and everything (well, almost... I'll get to that in a sec) was simply perfection. The waiter was attentive, but not disruptive, the food was delectable and the ambiance was warm and cozy. The only, and I repeat only thing wrong with our evening was a brief disturbance by two, very intoxicated and scantily clad girls along with who I assume was their sugar daddy. They were perched beside a counter close to the bar area (right next to our table) and were tacky, vulgar and should not have been allowed to stay in the restaurant in that condition. They didn't even dine... there are many other places in the City that would be more appropriate for a group like that. Anyway, back to the food...Must Try:I implore you to try the lamb chops! They are simply divine. They were perfectly cooked and flavorful and not drowning in sauce. The only "sauce" was a drizzle of olive oil and a squeeze of lemon. Soooo good!Fig Tart - this was the special dessert of the night and it was delicious. The figs could have been a tiny bit softer, but the flavors were fantastic.Flourless Chocolate Cake - I'm not ordinarily a huge fan, but this was great. It wasn't dense, but rather mousse-like, rich and creamy.Eggplant & Artichoke Souvlaki - this was simple yet amazing. The eggplant was delectable and the artichokes were freshly prepared - not those yucky things out of a can.Stay Away:Everything was delightful.Bread:The rosemary bread was fresh and delicious. The only thing missing was butter or some type of a dipper. Otherwise it was very good.Wine List:They have a pretty extensive wine list along with a full bar and a huge selection of after dinner drinks.Service:Fantastic. Not pushy or rushed. We were there enjoying our evening for over three hours and never felt like we needed to hurry out of the place. Our water glasses were always full and bread basket never went dry. Plus, when two of us finished and the third person was still eating, the staff did not take the other plates away until she was finished. You hardly ever see that anymore and I appreciate that entirely!
Always wanted to try this place and finally someone brought me here =). The food was amazing, but surprisingly the appetizer wood oven roasted prawns was not good...at all. I think the dill and the feta overpowered the flavor of the prawns and it just did not taste right. And yes I eat dill and I eat feta so its not that. But other than that everything else was amazing. The fried smelts were delicious... i bet it would go very well with beer, too bad I couldn't drink. The lamp chops was flavored perfectly and was very good. I had the dry aged rib eye... very very good and the portion was HUGE, i ate 1/4 of the steak and I was so full. Oh and my absolute FAVORITE of the night was the dessert Galaktoboureko with coconut ice cream! So freaking good. Definitely will come back!
This was my second time to Kokkari - and I was excited to take my parents because my first meal had been so amazing.For a main course, my dad and I had two different types of fish and my mom had the lamb shank - which has received rave reviews on Yelp.I'll start with the bad:1) The lamb shank was not well seasoned. In other words, it didn't taste good. I'm not even sure what flavor they were going for - but it missed - it wasn't appropriate for lamb. Sure, the meat was tender and stripped easily from the bone - but it just wasn't anything worth eating.2) My fish - bland, bland, bland. And bony. I know that some fish have bones - but if you're spending $30+ for a plate, you should either be told there are going to be bones or you shouldn't be serving that dish.3) My dad's fish fortunately did not have bones, but it too was bland as well. Also - the fishiness was strong.The good:1) The appetizers - especially the bread. But that's not enough to warrant a return visit.2) The service was great and attentive.
Consistent execution, classy ambiance, great wait staff.Very, very reasonably priced for the experience.Bring people you want to impress here. Kokkari will not disappoint.PS: DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND TRY THE GALAKTOBOUREKO. If you're with a party that doesn't know what it is and you don't want to share, remember to put on the expressionless Keanu Reeves face to convince your friends that it's not the sensually warm, melt-in-your-mouth orgasmic experience that it is. It's a difficult task to accomplish if you aren't Keanu Reeves, but oh baby is it worth the effort.
I will gladly give Kokkari 5 stars for impeccable food, service, and ambience!I think I've found a new favorite restaurant. My boyfriend and I were just perusing Yelp for a good Greek spot and found this gem. A little more expensive than we were aiming for, but we wanted to spoil ourselves. Was definitely well worth every penny, and actually cheaper than the dinner we had the night before but a hundred times better.First off, we had the Spanakotiropita - filo dough triangles stuffed with spinach, dill, feta, and leeks. We could've just ordered 10 more of those and been set. Also for appetizers were unlimited complimentary olives -- an immediate win with me. Bread was nothing special, but I was so hungry, I managed to eat nearly all of it in the basket. Now on to the main course: YES, the lamp chops are as good as they say! It's not overly greasy, it's super flavorful, and cooked to perfection -- crispy and well done on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside. I scraped every piece of meat off the bone (if it wasn't a fancy restaurant, I would've sucked the bone dry...that's what she said?). Paired with 3 crispy, very well seasoned potato strips -- amazingly done. My boyfriend had the Moussaka, a casserole with lamb, eggplant, and cheese. Also executed to perfection. creamy and delicious but I'd take the lamb chops any day over the Moussaka. To finish, we had two desserts: baklava for the boyfriend and a berry pudding that was not on the menu. Let me tell you, this berry pudding will BLOW YOUR MIND. It comes out looking like a volcano topped with real whipped cream. Overall sweet yes, but all natural and not overwhelming. The fruits seemed to be blended/pureed and maybe had some kind of spongey cake thing mixed in? Kinda hard to tell, but nonetheless, it kicked ass. Refreshing and the perfect way to end our meal. We left satisfied and not overly full; though this is not to say their portions are small, just not excessive.The service was genuine and extremely observant. They have a wait staff that's very well-trained. Our server was only on her second day and apologized for forgetting the description of one of the specials, but I could not even tell she was new. The restaurant does not really have a Greek feel to it either. It's deceptively huge, room after room leading into one another. You have to take an elevator down to the basement for the bathroom, which is gorgeous. The entire restaurant has a fresh, clean, and modern feel -- stone floors with big candles, nice chandeliers (nothing gaudy), fresh flower centerpieces, just overall, really beautiful. Best part: they have a book that has their recipes that is displayed by the host. Check it out! I think I might have to buy it for myself!
I suppose this review is not going to sit well with the 800 people who reviewed this place before me. Well, the food at Kokkari didn't sit well with me, so I think it's only fair that I speak the truth.Yesterday was my third visit to Kokkari, but first since 2002. I remembered this place being a lot better, but it seems that memory failed me once again. My friend turned 32 (or sixteen twice, as he put it), and he asked me if I could take him to Kokkari. We showed up at 6 pm, and the place was packed. Recession? What recession?As soon as you open the heavy wooden doors, you find yourself in the quiet opulence of a ritzy country club . Dim lights, wide, tapestry-upholstered armchairs, antique-looking torchieres, heavy pillars - the ambiance is just perfect. Hmm, what's that in the back? A rotisserie?  They don't have those at the country clubs. Some tables were more secluded, but ours was a few uncomfortable inches away from our neighbors'. Getting to the bathroom was an adventure. I had to walk all the way to the elevator and take it to the ground floor to get to the bathroom. Fortunately, one of the waiters walked me to the elevator because I would have been lost on the way to the bathroom. The bathroom was my favorite part of the experience. It was fantastic! Old Greek vases adorned the walls, and quiet Mediterranean music was playing. I was waiting for the belly dancers to show up, but alas, it didn't happen.The service at Kokkari was very professional, but not warm or friendly. My friend had walked in to the restaurant with his Starbucks cup and set it on the table. The manager showed up and offered a couple of suggestions: throw it out, warm it up, bring him a cup. He took the Starbucks cup and reappeared a few minutes later with my friend's berry chai in a coffee mug. They even reheated his drink. Nice, huh? Our waitress was nice, but it felt as though she was in a rush. In fact, I felt like I was rushed through the entire meal.. One can't open a restaurant bursting at the seams with ambiance and expect to funnel people in and out every 15 minutes. Our waitress did not offer to refill our iced tea and waters until the very end of the meal, although they did bring us more bread and olives.As you can probably tell, I am stalling so that I wouldn't have to talk about the food. The food was definitely not worth the price of admission. We started by sharing 3 appetizers. The much ballyhooed zucchini cakes (looked kind of like crab cakes) with yogurt weren't nearly as good as I had thought. In fact, they lacked flavor. The artichoke and eggplant skewer was not as good as advertised. The Spanakotiropita (filo pies with spinach, feta, leeks and dill) was the saving grace. They looked like Greek hamentashen, but tasted even better.My entree was downright horrible. I opted for the rotisserie of the day, which was pork. I told myself before coming to Kokkari that if they had roasted pork, I would order it. I remembered it being that good. Well, it wasn't. I got two pieces of pork: a chop cut and a bacon cut. The pork was drenched in fat, surrounded in fat, covered with fat and decorated with fat. The two pieces on top of my chop were two pieces of deep fried, salty pork fat. Ugh. The chop was OK near the fatty part, but the inside was dry and tasteless. The bacon cut was better, although when I cut out the fatty skin, I was left with nothing. The pork was served with roasted potatoes, swimming in a pork fat and oil mixture. UGH. To quote Joe Pesci's character from My Cousin Vinny: "Excuse me, you guys down here hear about the ongoing cholesterol problem in the country?"We split our two desserts. The flourless chocolate cake with whipped cream was rich but plain. It wasn't exciting or unique. The filo crepes with semolina custard and pistachio ice cream were very good. Semolina custard tasted kind of like chilled cream of wheat, but it seemed to work with that particular combination.So, the only two dishes that were good here were made with filo dough. I always say that anything deep fried tastes good, and our dinner was yet another example. The $138 ($118 + tip) we spent on dinner was way too much for the quality of food and the quality of service. It wasn't a good value, and it wasn't a particularly great meal. Add the cost of tums to relieve your heartburn, and Kokkari seems like a very expensive option. Too expensive for me to repeat anytime soon.
We've being here many times for dinner.Service is great, ambience rustic but upscale (like having dinner in an old castle in Italy).Food is great. I always take the fish but our friends prefer meat (lamb, steaks, duck, rabbit) and of course I taste them. Appetizers are also very good.Desserts are ok. Wines are good, but not priced for performance.
Worth the trek back to my old SF dining roots! How could I forget about such an amazing place?! The rotisserie you see upon entering makes you stare and drool on your way to the table. My return visit was beyond memorable as I had the lemon chicken soup, lamb meatballs, the GIANT white beans, and the goat stew. Everything was absolutely divine and oh so satisfying. Back again soon!
My favorite restaraunt in the city. The perfect place to bring a client.Try the lamb souvlaki! Delicious! I love the Greek Coffee too, and the appetizer with the different dips and pita bread. You cant top this place.
My BF and I came to SF on a weekend trip, so take this review as an out of towner from Seattle. We were staying nearby, and in a search for restaurants close to our hotel, this came up. I have to admit I haven't had any great Greek food in Seattle, let alone upscale, and after seeing the great reviews, I knew we had to try it.We didn't have reservations, but it was fine, we got there right at 6pm on Sat night, and was told there was a table ready right then, but there was a reservation on it at 8:30pm. We thought, no problem, we don't usually take 2.5 hours to eat a meal for the 2 of us.At first, we were going to go with 2 entrees and maybe an appetizer, but after hearing the specials and looking further @ the menu, we decided on 5 appetizers and an entree. Started off with grilled lamb tongue (sooo tender, doesn't have the texture of tongue, awesome) and roasted mussels (very big and juicy, though only downside was a few of them didn't open and the shells cracked a lot). Then we went on to one of the dips (eggplant + peppers, sorry I can't remember the name! But it was awesome, the pita breads were thick and the dip very fresh), stuffed calamari (amazing, i think this is a must try - at first I thought - cheese stuffed squid might be too much but it wasn't that filling @ all), and the artichoke and eggplant skewer (this was the weak one of the bunch, though the vegetables were big and we really ordered it so we didn't feel like we were only eating meat). The last dish was the goat stew we shared - fantastic flavor, and the orzo was perfect.For all that though, dinner did come out to right at 2.5 hours - service was a bit slow but I had a feeling our waitress was running around a lot, and it was pretty packed. Looked like we got the last empty table when we walked in at 6 w/o the reservation. Highlights for me were definitely the lamb tongue, calamari, and goat stew. Overall it does run a little expensive (about $10/appetizer) and $27 for the goat stew but it was worth it.
Strolled in at 9 on a Saturday without a reservation and was told that they were booked until 10:15. Recession? What recession?Then, just as I was resigned to eating elsewhere they inform us that they have room at the banquet table if we don't mind having neighbors. Mind? Hell no! I love pissing off complete strangers! Politics and religion just became my sole conversation topics for the evening!The original thought was that we'd just split a whole bunch of appetizers because with the possible exception of the crispy smelt they all looked amazing. We also determined the answer to the age-old question "Is it possible to have too many fried cheese dishes on a menu?" That would be a resounding no.But also tried the lamb meatballs, some prawn dish, deep fried fava beens (which rocked) and ended up splitting a moussaka, because I just can't go to kokkari and not have the moussaka.Despite having stopped in here for drinks at least 10 times in the past 6 months, I had forgotten how phenomenal kokkari's wine list is. Both old world and new world. Torii Mor pinot? Yeah I know you've never heard of it. I joined the club my last trip to Oregon because I thought it would be the only way to get my hands on it. But nope, kokkaris got it (at a reasonable mark-up I might add).First date, birthday celebration, new job, bad day, pepple in your shoe...I can't think of an occasion kokkari would NOT be perfect for.And the neighbors at the table didn't even seem to mind my politics too much. Actually, I did get a couple of vaguely dirty looks when I dissed Barney Frank and Charlie Rangel. But since all they could muster was how great Obama was on Leno and how he had to do Letterman next while I detailed the applicability of Rousseau's interpretation of the social contract to 21st century political discourse they had the sense not to engage me. :)
I've been here on two occasions for lunch. I've always seemed to have an okay experience, probably because I may not be into greek food. However, it's a great place for business lunches and dates if you like greek food. Pros:- Large and spacious restaurant- Wonderful and warm ambiance- Knowledgeable staff- Vegetarian friendly Cons:- Small selection on menuRecommendations:- Zucchini Cakes- Make sure you know what a moussaka is before you try it, I was trying to be bold and hardly touched it- Watermelon & Feta are very refreshing - Galaktoboureko (dessert)
I've been here several times, sometimes at the bar, but usually in the dining room (almost *always* with a reservation, as they don't have open spots unless it's an off time). My most recent visit at the end of April was typical of their service level, in other words: excellent. We had gone there for our anniversary and were running late. I called to tell them we'd be late and not only did they hold the table the extra half hour, but they were really sweet about it. I had some champagne pre-ordered (they didn't have the champagne I wanted, and were really great about offering similar levels and options) and they brought that out soon after we were seated (remember, 1/2 hour late). Our waitress was great with helping me decide between several of the lamb dishes on our last visit. Love the grilled octopus - never chewy, always flavorful. You really can't go wrong with any of the lamb dishes - I've tried all of them, I think. Moussaka is amazing too. Most all the apps are great. Service is attentive, but not obtrusive and the dining room is beautiful. If you can't get in on a reservation, go early and hang at the bar. It's not very big, but has a spacious feel (for those that get a seat!). You can sometimes even find free street parking nearby. Otherwise, there's valet and several public parking lots nearby. Easy walk from most parts of FiDi too.
I went here with a couple of my coworkers and it had to be one of the best places I have eaten at in a long time. I haven't a the chance to explore the food scene in Financial district besides lunch time specials which is sometimes limited to sandwiches, soup, and lunch boxes. But this place---is a great place to eat Greek food. I had the lamb riblets and it was by far my favorite dish in San Francisco!I am a lamb fan so whenever there is lamb on the menu, I am obliged to eat it. I am so so so glad I had the chance to eat the riblets, it was perfectly cooked, tender, and juicy.
I've now been here twice, and I have to say this the best place I've been in San Francisco, which is high praise. On both visits I've had fish, and on both visits it's been flawless. The shrimp with feta appetizer is amazing, and the dessert I chose, the semolina custard with apricots and pistachio ice cream, was shockingly good. I love this place, and I've yet to not have a perfect meal.
A place where you'd expect Andrea Bocelli to start busting out in song. Rustic, warm, and comforting -- hanging copper pots atop the kitchen and earthen stoneware decorate this spacious restaurant. You think there'd be chaos with the team of servers they've got, but like a well-oiled machine (listening to too many football commentators) they went about their work in a blended and effortless manner. Service was superb! As soon as we were seated, we told our fantastic and fabulous server, Frank, that we had to do a quick dinner cuz we had an appointment to see Al Gore after. Frank simply asked us when we needed to leave by and took care of everything. It seemed the food came as soon as we ordered it, presented by a seemingly different server each time (I wanted our zucchini cake server to stay and hand feed us all night). Frank knew his stuff, would check on us, and kept his sense of humor intact. He was a seasoned pro. We shared 4 appetizers for dinner - here's the menu breakdown:Kolokithokeftethes were delectable, crispy zucchini cakes with refreshing cucumber slices & mint-yogurt dressing (this is possibly the most wonderful thing on earth)Kalamari - grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel & orange with black olives (liked the different flavors but the feta was overwhelming)Aginares Souvlaki - grilled artichokes & eggplant skewers with Greek yogurt (your avg grilled artichokes & eggplant skewers, nothing terribly exciting)We also got a sampler of the Melitzanosalata (cod flavor -tasty), Favosalata (sooo good) & Tirosalata (again, too feta for me) with housemade grilled pita, cucumber slices, and grape leaves stuffed with rice.Baklava for dessert - found it too sweet but thoroughly enjoyed the vanilla-praline scoop of ice cream that came with it. Of course, I'm going back to try their gimongous Cheesecake Factory-sized entrees. This will likely bump them up to perfection!
A dissapointing evening at Kokkari. We went after the Symphony; our reservations were for 11 pm and the place was packed! Although we were seated right away and had excellent service, the food let us down. In fact, the only winners were the olives, bread and syrah (Barossa Valley). I've read others' reviews and can't figure out why our food experience was so different. Everything was doused with too much olive oil and had little to no taste. Our small plate choices: Bruschetta on barley loaf (a special), Tongue (tender but blah, another special), Smelt (nicely fried but little taste other than salt and the aioli was overwhelming), Grilled Calamari stuffed with Feta, Fennel & Orange with Black Olives (very oily with not a hint of seasoning); Grilled Meatballs with Spiced Tomato Sauce & Greek Yogurt (just OK). I love the ambiance of the place, but won't be returning because of the food.
I have been here twice (once with my mom and once on a romantic dinner with the boyfriend) and the atmosphere is AMAZING. It is kind of a pretentious place (filled with the rich elite), but sometimes it is fun to dress up and pretend I am one of them. Some of the food items are delicious, but if they have duck on the rotisserie - don't get it. It was bland and tough. The Saghanaki was YUMMY!
Each time I dine here, I experience a deeper, more intimate experience. On my first visit, I was alone but waiting for a friend. The restaurant was packed! The hostess mentioned there was one seat at the bar and escorted me to sit at the bar. Quickly this became one of my favorite places to eat in SF.. Once my friend joined, they found another barstool and we had an exceptional experience.. Some of the "regular locals" here shared their favorites with us... Fantastic experience! Delectable food! Simply amazing.. The second time I came, the waiter shared some history with me and we discussed the wines.. Very personable.. I have come to find that in a short time, they remember your name and you soon become a member of the family.. This personifies San Francisco.. yes, amazing experiences.. I've met the owners, and they are down to earth personable people. It is a great place.. and you must try the sister restaurant in Palo Alto..Oh, and one last thing.. atmosphere..Elegant, Rustic & European
Polpo awesome and tender, Saghanaki perfectly salty, Fried Zucchini looked predictable but had a great minty-dill aftertaste, Grilled, dry aged Ribeye with Vesuvio potatoes was not only great, but The. Best. Steak. I. Ever. Had. Period? Oh and the prices and service are up there with the best too.
So, good news folks. I'm moving back to the city!Woooo! Yeahhhh! ZOMGLOLNOMTASTIC!That is, if Kokkari will take me.I'll bring my own sleeping bag. And I'll stay out of your hair. I'll sleep in that little private room near the elevator. Heck, I'll even sleep IN the elevator. I'll help prepare the Greek yogurt in the mornings and will try my darnedest not to free the lambs so they can frolic in the freedom of Jackson Square. I don't have much money, but can pay you in compliments and roll dolmas. All I ask is that you come to me first, as like, sort of a professional taster. I'll be like your charity case. Think of me as one of the mentally disabled fellows bagging your groceries. I'm harmless. Just give me a spoonful of your dreamy creamy and lemony avgolemono and I'll do whatever you want. I'll even be your "cellar girl." You know, the person who runs across the street to the liquor store when someone like my mother orders a shot of Patron Silver. Come on Kokkari. You love me don't you? It felt like love, didn't it?Lilith, our amazingly adorable server winked at me. Didn't she? It looked like a wink when she told us how much we were going to love the Greek wine she selected. I got all kinds of warm fuzzies when she described how the grilled octopus melted in your mouth and the magic that was in the buttery yet butterless porcini mushrooms. Lilith, you think I'd be a good roommate, right? That wasn't just an act, no? You love me more than all the other customers, yes?I can even try to learn your schpeal and really sell the food to your customers. I can use that oh-so-charming line about how if you don't like the wine we pick for you, there are a bunch of thirsty servers who will drink it for you.See Kokkari!? See Lilith!? I'll do my part. I'll drink a lot and eat your food and sleep in your elevator! It's like the most perfect arrangement that was ever arranged. I can't live without you Kokkari. Your rustic wood floors and accents haunt my dreams. Your zucchini fritters whisper to my thighs of their intent to plump. Your bathroom paper towels mock and taunt me as I dry my hands on the crusty, thin towels dancing around the mediocre restrooms I frequent daily. You complete me Kokkari. I'll do whatever you want. Baptize me in tzatziki.Roll me in phyllo. Because I'm done.
Been here multiple times. Never disappoints. Excellent food. Perfect service. Simply the best restaurant in San Francisco.
Great Great Great Spot. Never a let down!Love catching a bar seat with a few appetizers and wine. (But even that is usually a bit a wait that takes some carefully strategic plotting and pushing, gently of course.)My favorite is the variety appetizer of hummus, baba, tzaziki, etc., and the roasted veggie skewer, too, which is much more special than just regular old roasted veggies on a skewer. It's a go to place for sure. Love the big fire place and warm ambiance, too.
The food here was great! Chicken and potatoes and veg ravioli were all delicious, as were the palomas my date and I ordered. The food came out exceptionally quickly, which was impressive, but we did have to wait almost 15 minutes when we showed up 5 minutes AFTER our reservation time...
My experience of Kokkari was wonderful - just what the doctor ordered at the end of a fun-filled day. It had a magical warmth and hominess to it even though the place is huge. Something about a big firepit laden with roasting chickens just made me feel at home (although I've never done this at home.... where does that come from?) My bf and I sat at the bar and enjoyed the hustle-bustle of the place as we chose from a plethora of fabulous sounding appetizers.We finally decided on the grilled artichoke and eggplant - fabulous; the "fries with eyes" (smelt) with the very garlicky potato sauce - way too many, but very good; and the grilled brussel sprouts - perfecto!We were brave and ordered the lamb organ meat dish - we both love organ meats (somebody's got to right?) and had never seen it on a menu before. It didn't "kick our butts" like my bf would say, but it was still yummy and nicely presented. It was nice that the bartender comped our dessert for making us wait (not sure when we waited...?), so we opted for the baklava. And a great choice it was. I never knew I was a fan of Greek food until I came here - now I want to go home and cook with lemons and olive oil and grill everything. I'll be back.
The first time I went to this restaurant was about 3 weeks ago. I had heard great things about it but boy was I in for a treat! I was with a group of friends and we kind of shared "family style" I really felt that you couldn't go wrong with any of the dishes. I can't wait to try their sister restaurant in Palo Alto
One of the best in SF. We go there at least once a month and have wonderful experience. They are very consistent all the time. Hard to get reservation so you need to book early. I use opentable 2 weeks before. Some of my favorite items - Lamb riblet, Calamari and Saghanaki.
Service was great, and the appetizer was delicious! The lamb burger wasn't quite rave-worthy, but overall a very nice place to have lunch.
I had dinner last night at Kokkari, it was my third time dining there. I attended a work diversity dinner event for work. Our server; can't remember her name was outstanding and of course the food was delicious. The decor is cozy and rustic, and very welcoming. If you haven't been to Kokkari definitely make a point to make a reservation and dine there; they serve excellent Greek cuisine. I had the Halibut steak for dinner and for desert the chocolate flour-less cake, all was lovely and divine.
This is a nice place. I recommend going with a few people and sharing a lot of dishes.
Very fine dining experience. Loved it 100%. Will be back soon.
Went for a Thursday night dinner and got the reservation earlier that afternoon- not bad.... Excellent food, great wine, and good service. Definitely one of my favorite places in San Francisco and hope to get back soon. Would recommend the Saghanaki and the octopus, both were really incredible. Reasonable prices too.
Came here after a root canal with a numb face and doctor's orders to "stick to soft foods". I couldn't resist the urge to try a new Greek place with such rave reviews. In efforts to obey the dentist, I ordered my lamb chops rare. Jaw pain and all- wowee wowee! The lamb chops were delectable! Squeeze some lemon over them if you like a little zing to compliment the savory seasoning of the lamb. The pinot noir from San Luis Obispo County they have on the menu is amazing as well, and the pours are healthy size. We had the grilled flat bread and meatballs as appetizers. The flat bread was good, but didn't leave me wishing I wore a toga or anything. The meatballs were sweet, tender, and moist. Perfect for the state of my jaw that evening. My friend ordered the Halibut steak and struggled sorting through hidden bones in the fish meat. I had a bone-free bite of his to see what I was missing- it was cooked to PERFECTION. I would pick bones out of that fish any day of the week. Well-worth the effort in exchange for the unique flavor. To top the night off, I splurged and had the filo-crusted custard desert with creme-fresch ice cream. OMG. I'm tempted to develop a shallow friendship with one of the cooks or waiters in exchange for the filo custard desert. It will BLOW YOUR MIND. No joke. Take it from someone who loves sweets so much they get root canals and still don't quit: Filo Custard desert= heaven in your mouth.As Arnold would say, "I'll be back". I can't wait to return sans dental restrictions so I can explore more menu items.
I struggle between 3 and 4 stars as the food was good, but it just wasn't WOW.What we liked- Lamb chops. They're great but we wish we had ordered the roast pig of the day instead- Grill octopus - best dish of the night- pan fried cheeseGood wine but funny part was we asked for Greek dessert, the waiter let us know traditional Greek dessert is watermelon and feta cheese. We passed on that. Nice decor and huge comfortable chairs. We were a bit close to the entrance but just nothing jumped out to me and made me say wow, 4 stars.
I found myself back at Kokkari last night for a close friend's birthday celebration. 35 of us took over the far back dining room. After a few past experiences at Kokkari, I was skeptical they could pull off a dinner party of this magnitude. But I learned three things after the experience: 1. Kokkari's service is stellar. From the valet, who reminded us that there was still a present in the back seat, to the waiter who remembered that I was drinking a different wine than most everyone else and the entire staff who managed to serve everyone pretty much in unison, and always with a smile.2. The food is equally stellar. The beautifully seasoned lamb chops and chicken skewers, the incredible freshly baked pita and antipasto dips, the flourless chocolate cake. All excellent.3. This update feature is useful for more than just my usual childish shenanigans.   3a. I now join the masses who love Kokkari   3b. Kokkari doesn't really need any more excellent reviews   3c. Numbering the points in a review is just annoying.
Went there with a bunch of girl friends. Convenient valet parking ($8)Great appetizers, nice Greek winesHad their Napa Valley Goat stew for my entree.Of course, their food is fantastic, ambiance is a bit loud but nice neverthelessSome vegetarian options, but you had better be a meat eater if you eat hereOne star less because they had a 100% markup for wines - and I mean 100% markup on restaurant prices not retail pricesOverall if you're coughing up around $100 per person, this place is good.
I was lucky to be treated to a dinner here by my girlfriend's parents, so I am purely rating my edible and atmospheric experience here. I was running a little late to start the night off, so I joined my table just in time for the feast to begin. Apparently they ordered the zucchini cakes and a hummus platter to start off, and things just went off from there.These zucchini cakes are SO good. Plop on a little tzatziki sauce and leave me alone, thank you very much. I'm salivating thinking of them now. Some other apps that we tried were the smelt (which the orderer really enjoyed, they aren't really for me though), brussell sprouts (yummm), and the stuffed calamari. Everything tasted great, and came out quick upon ordering. Forgot to mention the actual pitas; even these were great! They were a little thicker than normal, and served lighty grilled/crispy. Perfect.We only ended up getting a couple entrees and going tapas style with our apps, so I can only review the lamb chops. They were some excellently flavored lamb chops at that. The temperature wasn't exactly as I ordered, and they seemed as if they cooled down a little bit from the grill, but they were still stellar. The potatoes included with them were a treat as well. Finished off with an order of galaktoboureko and some baklava, which I definitely recommend the earlier of those two mentioned. It was a very nice way to finish off the meal. The baklava on the other hand, could have gone without. One member of our party went with the greek coffee is well, and I would chalk that one up for the experience not so much for the delivery. You get a very muddy cup of joe, which apparently was made in hot sand which sounds pretty cool and looks the same. I also like the rotisserie style meats you get to walk by when you enter the restaurant!
I love coming here and ordering an assortment of mezes as my meal. It's especially fun to share the platters with others at your table. The saganaki is delicious, one of the best I've ever had. Also, make sure you save room in your stomach for dessert because the flourless chocolate cake is mouth-watering. It's incredibly rich and bittersweet.
Easy five star rating, without breaking a sweat. Clearly the best Mediterranean I've ever had and certainly the best in the city.Ambiance was the best I've experienced in a restaurant, we were lucky to sit in the front by the fire, with comfy chairs. Am I in a fancy, relaxed living room, or at the best Greek place in the city? Both.Started with Dolmathes which were the best I've had, and then the stuffed calamari. The calamari had a nice char to it, and the grilled flavor really shined. The creamy stuffing was a good contrast to the dish's grilliciousness. Paired these with an Assyrtiko-Malagousia blend; had to go Greek on the wine. The blend had a really nice minerality that cleansed after each bite of oily Dolmathes and creamy calamari stuffing. Perfect.Then the entree; the star of the night. I was served the largest lamb shank I've ever seen....tender, juicy, well-seasoned, and just melted off the bone. Just kept going and going; it took me a good half hour to get through it. Paired this with a 2005 Hartford Court Hailey's Block single vineyard Pinot that I brought from home. This is my favorite Pinot with one of my favorite dishes (done the best I've ever had), a magical experience. hartfordwines.com.Kokkari is my new favorite place, and joins the ranks with Picasso, French Laundry, and Aqua on my all-time list.
Wow. This place is seriously impressive. I split several dishes with a friend, and everything was beyond satisfying. Bartenders also nice and helpful. Beautiful decor (it's surprisingly huge!). I look forward to an eventual return.
Great place, would highly recommend! My gf and I went there for lunch, I had the Yemista and it was excellent. To make the experience even more enjoyable our waiter was Greek and he had a lot of valuable insight, even giving us a crash course on a few Greek words...he was very fun!
Probably the best Greek food that I've ever had... but that's not saying much. Everything was cooked really well. However, my one complaint is that they OVER-utilize lemon. I like lemon but DAMN this place was all about lemonygoodness. They specialize in lamb, which I realize I'm not a huge fan of but I can respect good execution and texturally and flavorally it was on point.
Phyllo dessert with pistachio ice cream and quicne was sooo good, it was not too sweet and had some good crunchiness. The flatbread olive appetizer was delicious as were the lamb meatballs. The calamari however was a bit bland.
Food was great really, wine was amazing, it was a great summer night and the large windows were open.... heaven on earth... they managed to make this space cozy even though it is quite large. This is not your regular Greek food. It is sophisticated but yet very afordable, the menu is really creative. I was there for a business dinner but I will definitely be back with my husband.
Went last night, we had a great time, the food is always amazing. Order the Baked Feta cheese and the zucchini cake. We love the Greek salad it's took us back to our trip in Greece earlier this year. Order the flour-less chocolate torte, it melts in your mouths!! We'll keep on coming back for sure!!
I haven't had much Greek food before, but I heard the lamb was the way to go here. It definitely didn't disappoint. We ordered 4-5 appetizers to sample a little of each. I am not one to eat internal organs but I tried the tripe and heart (!) and truth be told, they were good. I only had a bite of each but they were good enough for me to nibble on again (next time...maybe).We had a sampling again of multiple entrees. I think we tried two fish entrees (one fried, one roasted), 3 types of lamb (including chops, shank, and another), and steak, and then we also had the spinach filled ravioli. The meat was very tender and delicious. The side orders of potatoes and greens were flavorful and all of this paired nicely with our two bottles of red wine. My favorite was probably the ravioli. Everything had a little too much oil/butter but that's often inevitable.The ambiance of the restaurant is lovely and I would say its homey with its rustic cooper pans/open kitchen/comfy wicker chairs. Valet parking was easy outside and $8. I will be back to celebrate special occasions here since they won't disappoint.
Food was good and the service was amazing. One of the best I have experienced so far.
Had dinner on Saturday evening with some good friends who have never been to this restaurant. As always, Kokkari never dissapoints. Had a reservation at 830 and got in right on time. Our server was extremely attentive and made our guests feel right at home. The special of teh evening was pork rotisserie and as billed it was the bomb! If you have not tried Kokkari and live in the bay area, make it your next night out. They won't dissapoint! We have been coming back here regularly since we moved here a few years ago and will do some for the forseeable future.
Title: gorgeous place, gorgeous service, gorgeous food! My gf and me started by sharing two tremendous starters: stuffed grilled baby-calamari and grilled artichoke/eggplant skewer with Greek yoghurt, both looking and tasting wonderful. We continued with an excellent moussaka, surely one of the best moussaka I have ever had: perfectly cooked potatoes, melt-in- mouth eggplant, creamy yoghurt-based beschamel and, especially, their trademark, delicious spiced lamb (highly cinnamon-oriented and surprisingly not greasy, unlike what minced lamb meat often tends to be).  Having still room for a huge dessert, I asked recommendation to the waiter since I was too undecided on what to take, being this my first time and being the dessert list so long and attractive. The enlightened guy gave me a really great advice, since the Galaktoboureko was even better than it sounded like: crunchy puff pastry filled with a heavenly semolina custard, accompanied by a spoon of Meyer lemon jam and a superbly light homemade crme frache ice cream, whose perfectly natural consistency and milky taste made me forget all the disgusting, artificial & chewy ice-cream that I have recently got from some well celebrated gelaterias (no names this time, but there are many bad ones out there ...).Our waiter, Michael, was exceptionally attentive, cool and accurate in the dish descriptions and contributed to make our dinner so pleasant.No doubt that this is one of my new favourite restaurants in town and the best upscale Greek I have ever tried (together with Notos in Brussels: by the way, remember this name if you plan a trip over there...). Absolute top!
Lovely restaurant, food, and service.
This was an amazing birthday meal. No wonder we have never been able to walk in and get a table. The lamb's tongue appetizer with butter and caper sauce, the 1/2 order of deep fried smelt with very garlicky skordalia, the 1/2 order of cinnamon spiced goat stew, the perfect lamb chops, tasty glasses of Grenache... it was all wonderful. Then it got better. For dessert, there was baklava ice cream. Chunks of real baklava, cut from the edges of the baklava pan (the baklava they serve when you order plain baklava), mixed into high butter fat vanilla ice cream. Why doesn't Ben and Jerry's make this flavor? It is my favorite flavor ever.
Goodness gracious!High class Greek food in SF! they have absolutely marvelous service. The food is beyond description and the Greek wine selection pretty amazing. Definitely order lamp chops, or the Tsipoura (a whole fish, grilled), greek salad, the bread oh!, Good stuff. The whole design of the store is pretty amazing and of course you gotta finish the repertoire with Sokolatina, which is a dark chocolate wet cake with rich flavor of chocolate.It's A MUST while exploring SF restaurants!
I have dined at Evvia (same owner) in Palo Alto and wanted to try this SF restaurant. My mom and I went there for a Saturday night dinner and it was fantastic. The staff went above and beyond their duty to provide exceptional service. Example, I was going to have a bottle of Pellegrino with dinner but didn't order it due to the size (I didn't realize they only had 1 liter bottles and wasn't in mood to be a camel). However, our waitress said that our bottles would be on the house. I definitely wasn't expecting that as a response! Bottom line, this restaurant offers excellent Greek food, exceptional service, and a great dining atmosphere.
This is an absolutely great find! I love Evvia in Palo Alto and this sister restaurant reminds me a lot of it. Perfect for an upscale-casual downtown business lunch but I will also add this to the rotation with the gf.I was here with four colleagues from work and all had great meals. I started with the beet salad which was hearty but cool and refreshing. I also had the short rib special, served over orzo - absolutely outstanding. I tried the stuffed calamari appetizer, which was perfectly prepared - tender and juicy.I will definitely return to try more appetizers and sample some desserts. Four stars for now but I will give Kokkari an opportunity to earn the fifth!
This place was sooooo good I'm speechless. There were six of us and we all shared the rib-eye, lamb chop, roasted lamb and quail--not to mention a ton of great appetizers. Every single item we had earned a 5-star rating and I can't want to return.
Favorite SF restaurant! Great for special events!
Kokkari has remained firmly planted in my top 5 for years. It is one of the few places that continues to blow me away, trip after trip. The most recent one was no different.The grilled calamari app is easily one of my all-time favorite apps. My sister was in town and was so blown away that she wants to go here on every trip (not allowed, too many other good spots to check out!). The rest of their apps are awesome as well, I've never really had one I disliked (though I think the octopus is a bit overrated).The meat, oh the meat. The lamb chops are simply the best you will find. I dare you to show me better. My other favorite dish is their goat stew (seasonal, so may not be on the menu when you go). You must try it. It sounds.....odd, but is simply delicious. The servers will tell you so. And the lamb shank just makes any other you will try pale in comparison. Not sure about the seafood, because I feel like it is almost sacrilege not to order the meat here.....Service is typically fantastic and was last week. Love it, love it, love it.
I came here for the first time the other night to celebrate a friend's birthday. The staff was friendly and welcoming and the restaurant was a lot larger than I thought it was going to be looking at it from the outside. However, even with the amount of food churning through the restaurant, the food was tasty, well prepared, and great for when you want to share food. We chose to go the route of choosing a few (a lot) of mezes to share. My personal favorites were the zucchini cakes, the prawns and the spanokopita. They were divine, but really, everything I ate was tasty.  I didn't love the stuffed calamari, but it was cooked well--just not something I liked. Looking back, I also really liked the lemon chicken soup.We also had a lovely wine with our dinner as well as dessert. (make sure you listen when they say take out the clove before you eat the baklava) I walked out of there stuffed but it was all worth it, because I'd definitely go back again.
Nice atmosphere and good food.
one of my all-time favorite restaurants in san francisco! i typically sit at the bar and order a few apps with a friend. but one thing i ALWAYS get is the grilled octopus on the starter menu and it has never, ever disappointed. another fave is the artichoke-eggplant skewer or the brussels sprouts, or the lamb meatballs or or or!!! i could go one. i have also had the lamb shank with orzo on the entree menu and it's ridiculously good, but a ton of food! they also have some great greek wines and the bartenders are always willing to suggest something new and let you try a taste or two. and they make some great cocktails too. can't wait to go again. love.
What can I say that other yelpers haven't? EXCELLENT food, atmosphere, and service = 5 starsThis place truly lives up to the hype. I've had lunch here once and it was good, but dinner was fantastic! Sure, I can't pronounce ANY of the names on the menu, but pointing always helps!- Spanakotiropita: these little filo triangles are absolutely delicious! nice flaky shell and a cheesy spinach filling that will melt in your mouth.....YUM!- Soutzoukakia: the meatballs were good and saucy, just the way I like 'em!- Kokinisto me Manestra: one of the best lamb shanks I've ever had! full of flavor, tender, the orzo was really good too. an absolute MUST TRY!!!- Wine: Peter Franus Zinfandel = excellentOur server was slightly difficult to understand with his accent, but he was wonderful, charming, and attentive. The bathroom is an adventure of it's own, just like Boulevard, where you walk all the way to the back of the restaurant, take an ELEVATOR down (yes, I'm not kidding!), and tada! it's a few steps away after you get off the elevator. Either than that, this place is wonderful for any occasion and can accommodate big groups!
First time here eating with my company. And the portions were small but the flavor was BOMB! I never tried Lamb, but they cooked it just right! The enviornment was classy, I love it!! I would def come back here for any occassion.
Fantastic night of amazing food and ambiance. Lamb chops were to die for and the feta in the Greek salad was probably the best I've ever had. Love the neighborhood too!
i'm greek, and this is great greek food. A little pricier than greek food should be, but still worth it
The best greek food without having to go back to Greece
We've been here for both lunch and dinner at least 20 times ... Never, ever have we left in any state of mind other than completely satisfied and delighted to return again. Just this evening we came with our family from Houston and sat at the big table in the middle of the fireplace/bar room. It was simply delightful. Chris was our waiter and we've had him before - an absolute pro who combines a level of friendliness and helpfulness with impeccable service. The manager came over to check in on us twice throughout the meal and was the perfect host ... friendly and sincere but with a commitment to providing a first class dining experience. Our family from out-of-state couldn't stop talking about the wonderful food, beautiful atmosphere and make-you-feel-special service. We were proud to host such a special evening with those who mean so much to us. Kokkari simply does not disappoint!
After hanging out after work at wine, My wife, Buddha, Norm and I decided to grab a few more drinks and a bite to eat. Norm suggested Kokkari. The last time I ate there had to have been after a Golden State warrior game 3 or 4 years ago. I was very impressed then even more so now. We ordered a couple of rounds of drinks and our evening continued as usual, having a great time enjoying our company and the new friends we met. The appetizers we ate were phenomenal. We ordered the Arnisia Plevrakia, Soutzoukakia, Saghanaki, Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata.Unfortunately we did not get to the entres. From my vantage point, they appeared to be very pleasing to the eye. I am sure would also be as good if not better than our appetizers.
I thought the appetizers were much better than the entree. We got the zuccini cakes and they were awesome! The octopus was good, not great. For the entrees, the lamb chops was good, again not great. And the rib-eye, which was good, not great. Overall, food was good but I probably won't crave it. The service was awesome though :)
Kokkari, you have yet to fail me! Being to newbie to SF and it's dining scene I've tried my best not to repeat restaurants, but Kokkari is one of those places that always has me coming back. Even picky Persian dad who's convinced no restaurant can ever match a good home-cooked meal likes it haha...Some of the dishes tried:Appetizers-Zucchini Cakes- served with a light cucumber & mint yogurt sauce, crispy on the outside, moist on the inside...delish!!! by far my favorite appetizer dish (two with each order, perfect to split with a date) Saghanaki- seasoned pan fried greek cheese...so fried cheese, not something I would normally order or find appealing, surprisingly not bad and worth trying at leastGrilled Octopus- nice change to the regular calamari, 2nd fav to the zucchini cakes, tender, not chewy with a flavorful stuffingGrilled Lamb Meatballs- with spiced tomato sauce and greek yogurt, tasted good, but at the end of the day a meatball is just a meatball...Main Courses- Moussaka- traditional Greek casserole w/eggplant, lamb, ect...my friend loved her's but I wasn't as impressed, but then again it could have been the cinnamon undertones that put me off (not a fan of cinnamon in non-desert foods)Lamb Shank- fall off the bone meat, clearly evident that it'd been slowly cooked grandma style, well paired with orzo and myzithra, more meat than the lamb chops so nice and filling, very flavorful (although being the carnivore I am I prefer a little less flavor to taste my meat :))...good choice!Mediterranean Sea Bass- wood oven-roasted, delicious, although I would much rather order this at another restaurant and stick with my lamb dishes at KokkariGrilled Lamb Chops- last but CERTAINLY not least, the signature dish and worthy of its Yelp praise, cooked to perfection every time, what else could I say, I'm in love.Service: Impeccable. One particular server was so attentive and had such attention to detail that I was tempted to give him the biggest hug at the end of the night...Atmosphere:Warm, inviting, and with the lambs slowly roasting on the fire it reminded me of a Greek grandma's kitchen...If you get a chance to go with a large group make sure to reserve the private dining room. You take the elevator downstairs, separate from the rest of the restaurant, it feels so homely....bring your on wine (with corkage fees) and good company it makes for a great time :)
This place is very similar to Evvia, in Palo Alto. I would say I love them both equally, cause everything is done right. First of all, the interior space is warm and inviting. You can feel really comfortable sitting at a table for a few hours. Secondly, the service is impeccable. They're attentive, know the menu, know the wines, and know how to adjust to a table of guests.I had the lamb special, which was a combination of lamb parts that were spit roasted. Wow, was that tasty.  They have most of the same dishes that Evvia has, like the lamb chops and rib eye.
What can you say about a winner... terrific food , very respectful service and reservations that take six weeks to get.... it's definitely the norm in SF at xmas at Kokkari, however.....We walked in late and wanted to sit at the bar and were able to get seats as two others were leaving.The rest of the evening is a blur of Grappa and delices from the naughty monkeys called bartenders. Good place. Solid
love the decor and the ambience there.food is exceptionally tasty, service is attentive and makes you feel you're been taken care of.Try the lamb riblets and the sea bass dish. Save some room for dessert too!
I'm sure it's delicious if you eat meat. As a vegetarian it felt like a big ol' waste of money.
First off the place is so cute on the corner almost secretive- reminds me of meatpacking district! I also loved the rustic feel inside as if you were in a village in greece eating an amazing dinner!! i had a glass of red wine- tempranillo- solid choice for light and smooth! I got the lamb shank with orzo and greek cheese... the lamb shank was HUGE and sooo much meat and soo freaken juicy! the orzo was in a light sauce and they put really salty shaved pieces of greek cheese on top which i think gave it so much flavor!! i was so full but i totally finished it!! I shared dulce de leche with my friend and it was a nice finish- tasted like very freshly made ice cream! my other friend got a lamb special and my other friend got grilled octopus and patates from app menu.. everything was superb!! the wait staff was also phenomenal!wonderful evening :)
Went here last night because someone recommended it.. and I wasn't disappointed. We arrived around 5:30pm and they said they were booked except for the bar area.. so we head there.. it's actually quite nice..We get the menus and right off the bat I know that i want to get the zuchinni cakes and lamb chops (thanks to looking at the yelp reviews prior to ordering) and the third.. we were debating between the artic char, mouskaka and the goat stew.. never had goat.. so I was fearful of it.. and we heard the bartender say the mouskaka was good.. so we got that.Zuchinni cakes- delish.. love the crunchy exteriorLamb Chops- cooked to perfection.. tender goodnessMouskaka- really creamy... I can't eat an entire bowl of this.. but it does have lots of flavor.After the main meal, we had the Greek Coffee (the sweetest one) and it was really really good. :) Definitely getting that again! and we had the dessert, it was custard filled filo dough/eggroll concoctions with a side of pistachio ice cream. yummy. Next time. Goat Stew. Octopus. More Greek Coffee... and the rest will be a surprise!
first class"GREEK RESTAURANT!!!!"cant say anything wrong with it!!!!!ambiance is warm,i had lamb chops it was very good highly recommended.they also have function rooms for meetings,presentations,b-day party, etc.id love to come back!!!soon.....
This place kept coming up in my Yelp restaurant searches so I finally got around to checking it out with a big group. All in all, definitely lived up to the hype. The vibe is great - spacious, elegant yet not pretentious. Clientele ranges from big groups, business dinners, couples on dates. The bathroom is a LONG-ASS walk from where I was seated but I almost enjoyed the walk because I could check out all the different people in the restaurant -- it seemed like the type of place that big-shot businessmen or local celebrities might frequent. The service was great. We asked for recommendations on both wine and food and their suggestions were fantastic. The highlight for me: the appetizers. The waiter strongly recommended the zucchini cakes, which sounded completely unappealing to me. But thank goodness we took his advice because they were AMAZING... as were all of the appetizers we got. I have to say, I was almost a little disappointed with my main course because the appetizers set the bar so high. I got the lamb special, which was good, but not to die for. Still, overall I would still rate this a 5-star place and can't wait to go back and check out more dishes. It's a little pricier than I normally do, but I think it's worth it!
Great service (waiter) and great food! the special orange salad was phenomenal and all of the dips and meatballs were delicious too. Love the ambiance (especially in the front room)!
I went here to meet up with some old friends that I hadn't seen in a year on a Thursday night. While have to wait about 10 minutes past our reservation and service was slightly slow since the restaurant was so busy, the food more than made up for it. I had the Kokinisto me Manestra (lamb shank w/orzo) which was fall-off-the-bone delicious. I also tried some of my wife's Kotopoulo Souvlas which was some of the most moist and flavorful chicken that I had ever have with distinct oregano and dill notes.
Loved it! 1) Promptly seated. Had reservations for 6 pm but hit lots of traffic so we called to say we would be 15 mins late. Got there and we were seated immediately.2) Service. Quick service. Our server new the menu very well and explained items that she thought we might not be familiar with. Glasses of water filled constantly. Food delivered in a reasonable time. Requests for EVOO and for our bill were immediately met. 3) Entree. I ordered the lamb shank. The lamb shank was huge, tender, tasty and the meat fell off the bone. It was placed on top of orzo, which was perfectly cooked in a nice sauce that was not overpowering to the lamb but just complimented it. My only wish is that they would put a few veggies on the plate. Three little baby carrots would have made the plate complete and added a bit of color. 4) Dessert. We ordered one of the specials that was not on the menu. It was baklava-like. Made from shredded phyllo dough and in honey orange syrup with custard and whipped cream on top. OMG! This was amazing! The bottom half with the phyllo dough and syrup was crunchy, light and perfect amount of sweetness. The custard and whipped cream were light and delicious. The whole package was amazing! 5) Ambiance. Beautiful. Not too loud from where we were sitting. Elegant. 6) Negatives. The bathroom is downstairs. Walk all the way to the back of the restaurant then take the elevator downstairs. Though staff quickly offer to walk you to the elevator. Another weird negative was that while we were eating there were a few baby flies that were flying around our table. Its weird because the restaurant is so clean and elegant and no doors or windows were opened. Too bad. It was a bit distracting. 7) Prices. Not as bad as I thought. My friends and I each had an entree and then between 4 people we shared 2 desserts. Including tax and tip, it was about $40 pp.Overall, my friends and I loved it and can't wait to go back and try other dishes.
When I try to think of the best restaurant in san francisco, Kokkari never pops into my mind immediately, but it should. Probably cause its downtown and I dont live near there. But its definitely is a standout. Amazing Greek food and a great place to take people for a little something different. The assortment of cooked meats which come out of the huge rotisserie ovens are definitely the highlight.
Microwaved the leftover Lamb Chops....OMG....it's still so tender and juicy when it's more done than medium....Kokkari I'm coming back on Tuesday with roommie, according to Opentable!
I love this place! This has got to be my new favorite restaurant in San Francisco. The ambiance is perfect and the food, outstanding!
This is as good as it gets! Food,wine,drinks,service and atmosphere! Top notch Greek/Mediterranean ! Will be going back for many years to come!!!!
Phenomenal service! Frank was our waiter last night and he is the consummate professional. His calm demeanor in a bustling restaurant was just what we needed. We were able to relax and enjoy our evening. Frank made sure to serve the ladies first which I thought was very gentlemanly. He was able to recommend a very nice greek wine, share his knowledge of greek wines(which was educational even to our group of oenophiles) and even tell the best wine joke I've heard in years. Frank recommended a number of appetizers. We loved the watermelon salad, squash blossoms, and tiropitakia(golden triangles of cheesy goodness!). Lamb was the favorite entree at our table. The moussaka and makaronia were also delicious.  We ended the meal with the sundae, baklava and filo-pistachio-lemon-custard dessert special.  They were all delicious, but I loved the dessert special the best. We had a fantastic evening, delicious food, impeccable service and wonderful ambiance.  Kokkari continues to impress after 13 years in business.
Kokkari has to be the cream of the crop when it comes to exquisite ethnic cuisine. The decor and ambiance hits you like a bat to the head the moment you walk into the giant front door of an entrance. Our server was extremely attentive and informative in regards to the different dishes offered. We started with the calamari stuffed with feta. It was simply beautiful. For myself, I ordered a whole sea bass grilled for my main course. The flavors were amazing, to say the least. I enjoyed my dinner experience here very, very much and recommend both locals and SF visitors to try this unique establishment out!
Came here for a family dinner one night.Everything was amazing.The hostess, the waitress, the whole staff were amazing.Everyone ordered their own entree and some appetizers but it pretty much ended up being family style.Appetizer: Grilled Meatballs and Zucchini Cakes.Meatballs and zucchini were both delicious. Perfect way to start the night.Entree: Lamb Chop, Lamb Shank, Rib-eye Steak, Roast Duck and Goat Stew.Everything was superb aside from the duck, which ended up to be a little dry, but not something that ruined the night.Dessert: Custard in Filo and Rice Pudding.The custard in filo is a must try. Rice pudding was also good but nothing compared to the custard in filo.Must return soon to try other items on the menu!
My boyfriend is Greek and we always get the mezes here. You can make a great and affordable meal out of the 20 or choices of mezes on the menu. We usually get the marithes (fried smelts with a garlicky skordalia), soutzokakia (meatballs), calamari, horta ('cuz we need some greens), and the pita with several dips. Aside from the mezes, the grilled fish, moussaka and fire roasted duck (Friday special) are the oustanding entrees. For dessert, get the galaktoboureko.
Street parking isn't too bad. The restaurant feels very warm, and I love the large bar/lounge area and the separated room. It feels intimate yet open, and the colors and decor are all earthy, simple, soft, and go well with the theme of the restaurant.We started with the Spanakotiropita, Zucchini cakes, and roasted beets. The zucchini cakes were crispy and pretty large, perfect with the cooling yogurt sauce. I liked the pickled cucumber on the side, too. The beets had a nice assortment, and they tasted very fresh.The lentil soup was hearty, and the whole fish was prepared nicely, highlighting the freshness of the fish. My favorite was the roasted prawns with tomato and feta - the prawns were large, sweet, and the salty creaminess of the feta with the tanginess of the tomato were perfect accompaniments. The sauce is also great for dipping bread.We passed on dessert. The food was very solid, and each dish had its own characteristics. Everything was essentially Greek/Mediterranean but had a unique twist on it.  I'd definitely go back.
Went on a saturday night for special nite out. Bummed that they didn't have the grilled octopus. When I asked the waiter, she said that they couldn't find a supplier of octopus that was good enough, but that they hope you have it back on the menu soon. So we went the crispy smelts, which were surprisingly flavorful, and came with garlicky sauce that was excellent. This was followed by the short ribs, which were quite good, but not knock-your-socks off, (the house-made pasta that it came with was the perfect texture and you could taste the freshness) and the lamb chops, which were cooked to perfection, but slightly underseasoned (and I don't even like salty food!)--but with a little sprinkle of salt that they placed on the table--it was great. Wines by the glass were excellent choices. Would definitely come back--but probably more often to their sister restaurant in Palo Alto, which is closer!
I absolutely love Kokkari. It's an amazing restaurant to go to for lunch. I ordered the seabass and it was delish!I would definitely recommend making a reservation before going to lunch or dinner. Everytime I walk past the place it's packed! I hope this helps (:
My friends and I arrived about 25 minutes early for our reservation. We went to the bar and ordered a cocktail. In less than 10 minutes, we were told we could be seated early and we went to our table. This place has wonderful ambiance. The front dining room is very Mediterranean and inviting, with a huge fireplace where meat is spit roasted. We were seated in the back dining room. The weather was very nice and the large windows were open to the street, giving a wonderful airy feel. Our waiter was extremely helpful. We started with the octopus and the lamb ribs. Both were excellent. The meat on the ribs was delightfully crisp on the outside while falling off the bone tender. Know that the size provides six small ribs, in case you are sharing. We then tried the Kalamata pita, expecting more of a spread on pita bread. What came was more of a pizza/focaccia. Nonetheless, it was delicious, especially the myzithra cheese on top.For entrees, one person tried the fire roasted pork special and two of us had the the grilled branzino. We all tried the pork when the dishes arrived and the two of us that ordered fish wished we had just split the pork. It was extremely moist and there was enough on the plate to split three ways. The crispy skin was an extra treat. The fish, however, was a big to strong tasting for the rest of us. It was prepared perfectly but we had not tried Branzino before. It was nice to try but not quite mild enough for us. It left a strong fish taste in your mouth.We will definitely come back and try more of the fire roasted meats. The octopus and lamb ribs are a must.
I'm going to give Kokkari another opportunity to prove me wrong at some point - just because a friend of mine speaks so highly of the place. I have to say though - I had a similar experience to the post on 12/20, except I don't fit the profile they mention. There was a group of us, not together, hoping to get acknowledged by someone - anyone - we were waiting near the bar for a table, several groups of 2 and we all stood there looking quite foolish for 20 plus minutes trying to get anyone to offer us a drink, acknowledge our existence - though we all had our name on a wait list for a table. We were definitely invisible and chatted about it amongst ourselves - as strangers. It was not welcoming. I'm hoping it was because of the holidays and it's not typical. It would have been great to see a smile. Been offered a drink while we waited. We, along with a few others, departed without having gotten a table or a drink.
Wow, what else can I say. Come here. Bring lots of money. Pig out.I came here earlier tonight with a few friends for dinner. There's nothing like good food and good company. Easy to find street parking on an Easter Sunday evening. I drove up from SJ just for dinner and had to race back home for 10pm con call. Such a good friend, huh? ;PAnyways, the outside of the restaurant looks pretty basic, but inside it's pretty large and very well decorated. Nice atmosphere and ambiance. Classy, but not pretentious and not overdone. We were all late 20s and almost everyone else in the restaurant was older.Appetizers:Octopus - So good. Not one bit rubbery or chewy. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. One of my friends said it tasted like chicken. lol!! Try it.Spanakotiropita - Pretty standard. Well made and delicious. I think I would try something else next time like the grape leaves or lamb riblets. Mmmm...riblets.For dinner, I had the lamb chops. I was considering the rotisserie, which happened to be lamb as well, but with so many people raving about the lamb chops, I had to try them. Mmm...delicious! Very flavorful, but not overpowering. Cooked to a perfect medium rare and served with seasoned potato wedges. I think next time I want to try the rib eye.Dessert!Rice pudding w/ red wine poached pear - OMG, I need to learn how to make red wine poached pears. I swear I could eat them all day long. The rice pudding part was just ok. Not as good as rice to riches. ;PBaklava - Delicious! Served with vanilla-praline ice cream. Traditional and a must.We skipped out on wine since everyone had to drive afterwards. It is a bit pricey, but a perfect special occasion/splurge/date place if you can afford it. We split the tab to make it easier. It ended up being $40/person including tax/tip. But, two of my friends weren't that hungry, so they split one entree (pan roasted sea bass). So maybe about $45-50/person and bump it up to ~$65 if you're having wine. Yikes.What recession? ;POh, the service was fantastic. Always someone looming for whatever we needed, but in the background and not distracting at all.
I was entirely underwhelmed. I'd heard such great things about this place that I was eagerly looking forward to when I finally got myself to go. First of all, we had a reservation, but still had to wait a good 30+ minutes, which was a bit frustrating (this was on a Thursday night). Then, all of the food was just incredibly underwhelming. I've decided this place must be great for meat-eaters because as a vegetarian I can't understand AT ALL what the hype is over. Also, the online menu was not what we got. I remember being excited to try the watermelon starter I'd read, but it wasn't on the menu for us. I think the best thing we tried was the flatbread, but even that wasn't amazing - simply better than the other dishes. The waitstaff was incredibly unattentive, as we had to try to flag him down for more water and the check. All in all, I thought this was one of the worst experiences I've had recently, but again, I think the food may be better for a non-vegetarian.
Reservation was at 8:45pm and we weren't seated for at least 40 minutes after that. At around 9, the hostess told us the table paid for their bill and we were basically waiting for them to leave. What table takes 40 minutes to leave? Don't they realize that people have reservations and plans after dinner? I wish the restaurant told the table that people were waiting! We were basically standing there waiting where the wheelchair ramp was since there was no other space available.When we got to our table, there were a few free plates of appetizers available. It was a type of flatbread pizza with feta & other spices. The other appetizer was this tempura squash item.Since there were a bunch of us, we decided to share plates between mostly pairs. We decided to try the special: the duck rotisserie,, and the Makaronia. Duck rotisserie was stuffed with spices and came with rotasted potatoes. The duck was pretty moist and yummy :). The Makaronia was hand-cut noodles with summer squash, sweet corn & myzithra cheese - $21 Makaronia was also delicious! I loved the corn with the noodles , it was fresh and light. The two dishes complemented each other well. I've never had greek food like this.They charge for cake-slicing and gratuity was 20% (it might be because we're a big party?) but my meal was $27 which isn't too bad but then again I did split with 3 people... so I would recommend this place for special occasions if you're a student!I lucked out and found a spot about 2 blocks away. Yay free parking! There is a valet outside the restaurant.
I've been to the small town of Kokkari in Greece and believe me, there is no restaurant in that town that serves food near the quality of Kokkari Estiatorio. There are several dilapidated 'tavernas', but the town is neither pretty nor interesting as restaurant's website suggests. In fact, most of the food on in Samos Island, which Kokkari is located, was disappointing. I would even venture to say that it is hard to find a restaurant in the entire country of Greece that serves Greek food at the quality Kokkari Estiatorio offers. Much of the reason maybe due to the excellent quality of ingredients restaurants in California uses, which is not the case in Greece.  As for Kokkari in San Francisco, I think the restaurant is placed in a wise location. It's close enough to the heart of FiDi to draw business lunch crowd, yet slightly set aside in a quiet area. While it's a useful business meal location, I think it is a bit too expensive for out of pocket dining (unless you think $30+/person for lunch is reasonable).FOOD: Don't go here if you don't like olive oil. My grilled ahi tuna was place on top of a thick layer of olive oil. Many of their dishes seemed to entangle olive oil. One of their signature dishes, lamb chops, with just the right amount of seasoning, was very good. Be aware that they use plenty of garlic. Dish came with Kokkari potatoes which was very interesting and good. Here are some items that were good (lunch prices):Epiros Feta ($7.50)Octopodaki tou yiorgou ($11.75)Grilled ahi tuna ($18.50)Grilled Lamb Chops ($25.50)
Amazing service. Very tasty food. Well deserved five stars!
This place now rounds out my top 5 restaurants in the city. Fantastic meal, across all categories! The ambiance is beautiful, with the noise level lively, and the lighting intimate enough for your group, but not too dark. We had the lamb meatballs, riblets & tradtional greek salad to share amongst our party of 4 & all very delightful. I ordered the lamb chops, which were some of the best I have ( and I LOVE lamb!), the others had the ribeye, lamb shank & the mousaka, which incredible. The service was outstanding, the staff very warm, friendly & engaging. I loved that there is no cocktail menu, they simply say 'tell us what you want & we'll make it' and they did! Even with a few atypical orders. Well done. Great place for business lunches, or too show off your town when family is here. The menu is diverse, so don't be scared if you don't think you like ' greek food'. This place will blow your socks off. We will be back!
Excellent variety of apps, especially for a vegetarian. The service was really good...best I've had in a while. The restaurant overall is very pleasant and quite large. I really enjoyed the meal even though I'm not the biggest Greek food fan, I will definitely return.
Back to Kokkari for a big group meal. It's still a beautiful restaurant, and I can still eat pounds of their pita and greek yogurt dip. The only new thing I tried this time was the braised lamb shank with orzo: it was wonderfully cooked, but was nearly ruined by a really heavy hand with the salt in the orzo. All three of us who ordered it had the same reaction, so I'm hoping this was just one failed batch and not how they normally make it. I'd get it again, though, because it was still that good. Excellent, warm service. Kokkari's still one of my favorite restaurants in the city...
AMAZING! My husband and I love to eat here for many reasons, food, service, ambiance. That's why we chose to eat here for Vday. It was wonderful. I would definitely suggest eating here on a special occasion even when they have a certain menu for a holiday, you wont be disappointed!
I had dinner here with five friends on Friday night. Today being Monday, I've been trying all weekend to come up with a reason to not give Kokkari five stars. I still can't. Kokkari is to Greek food like Bouchon is to French food. It sticks with what is important; flavor, atmosphere, service and fun. We got an 8 o'clock reservation. We were immediately seated even though the restaurant and bar were packed. There was a very nice table waiting for us in the back of the restaurant next to the wine cage. That was great because it was a little quieter back there and the six of us could talk. Our server was very nice, knowledgeable and patient. She walked us through trying to pronounce all the Greek on the menu. We started with a variety of appetizers that were all great. We could have easily filled our time and stomachs with that part of the menu. Which is exactly what I wound up doing. Everything that they brought out was tasty, well prepared and simply presented. My favorites were the lamb riblets and stuffed calamari. The only bad part of the evening was when the busser took my plate with the lamb infused olive oil away before I had finished mopping up all the olive oil with bread. Two people had at our table had the rib eye. I got a little taste of one them. I've never tasted beef that was that flavorful. It was amazing. Everyone else at our table enjoyed their entrees as well. Dessert was interesting. We all ordered something and then passed it around. My girlfriend had a sorbet nestled in a bed of granite. The combinations of flavors and textures was perfect! Another friend ordered the yogurt with honey, walnuts and dates. Something so simple but oh so good. The rest our desserts were delicious as well. Even the Chocolate Sundae. (Really, who goes to a Greek restaurant and orders a Sundae?) We all waddled out of there 2 hours later. The food was so good I just wanted to keep eating. There are no diminishing returns on flavor here.
One of the very best restaurants in San Francisco. On the pricier side, of course, but well worth it. The food, service, atmosphere, and decor are all outstanding. The Greeks are best known for their meaty dishes, but those who avoid red meat will be just as happy to dine at Kokkari. I feel confident about the full 5 stars because I have eaten there many times, and they have never fallen short of excellence.
The lamb shank is the best! Have the artichokes as an appetizer and the pita spreads. Will definitely go again and again and again!
Perhaps THE most reviewed restaurant I have also Yelped. Since everyone else is glowing, you know that the food and service are tops. But, here are few other items for your perusal.DURING LUNCH HOURS:- if you call for reservations, they won't have any, but if you just walk in, you will get seated. I know someone who works in a nearby office and they confirm that this is often the case.- suits and Nob Hill ambience galore. don't dress down. expect pearl necklaces. bad choice to bring your Greek punk rocker boyfriend even if it can get a bit noisy.- entrees from $16-30. salads $8-10'ish. starters $8- 12'ish. starters are small'ish and heavy on the fats. feta in the salad was Athenos brand, I swear, salt outweighed creamy 3-1.- not exactly brimming with vegetarian options. The service is white button down and tie, clearing occurs between courses in an unobtrusive manner and they understand the need for speed at lunch. The only reason that I didn't go for the 5 stars was that I have an built-in 'phoo' button for pretentiousness.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Bay Area. We've been here multiple times in the last couple of years, often for special occasions, and they've always been great. The food and drinks are excellent, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is lovely. It's our first choice for a special dinner.
Don't believe the hype! this place is all show and no go...Beautiful atmosphere, mediocre if not great overpriced food!Appetizers were itzy bitzy teenie weenie little morsels of pure SALT. Drank a gallon of water after only tasting a spec. My chicken was great, but the vegetables were so over cooked, You need only to rub them against your upper mouth and swallow - Pure mush. Lamb looked great, but never heard a single WOW at the table. Thanks, but no thanks!
Consistently good food, very warm and elegant interior, and great service!We ordered 3 apps and 2 entrees:Appetizers:1. Grilled Octopus- tender and delicious2. Meatballs- good but not fabulous, but then again I don't like meatballs that much3. Melitzanosalata- A hummus-like puree (I believe fava bean) with house-made pita bread. The pita bread here is off the hook, it will make any lo-carber fall off the wagon!Entrees:1. Grilled Lamb Chops- I'm iffy about lamb and the only place I'll order it is at Kokkari- it has always been excellent, not to lamb-ey, tender and juicy inside and very well seasoned. I think the seasoning of the lamb here gets rid of the gaminess that usually throws me off.2. Moussaka- a warm, melting, creamy bowl of comfort! Contains ground lamb, yogurt bechamel, potatoes i think, and has a yummy spice flavor..kinda like they put a little cinnamon in it.The service is excellent- super friendly and warm. I have never had a bad experience here!Great for special occasion dinners and groups as well- the restaurant is large and can easily accommodate a large party. Plus they have a private dining room downstairs. Check out their sister restaurant - Evvia - in Palo Alto, it's just as good!
Zucchini cakes were very delicious. Lamb burger and fries were also very good. Tried Sand Dabs to be adventurous and those were great too! Very good restaurant. Would def go there again. We went for lunch and the prices are very reasonable!
Super food, great service, just amazing place!We had:Appetizers:Crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing - SOOO GOOD!!!Oven-roasted Brussels sprouts with bacon & lemonRoasted prawns with tomato & fetaMushrooms (i think roasted)Main Dish- both were AMAZING!RIB EYELAMB chops
had dinner there last night.Do not love the host. Not sure why hosts develop such attitude when restaurants are popular!!with that said, everything else was just amazing. We were a party of four and every single thing was incredible. Sad that they were out of the pork special but did not matter as every single dish was incredible.The fish is always a must. The octopus starter is also great.Need to end the meal with the Yogurt and the chocolate cake, both worth the visit. Please keep it up!!!!
CHECK, PLEASE! BAY AREA: PLEDGE SPECIAL EPISODEI had a hurried lunch at Kokkari about two years ago but I still remember the food with fondness.It was a beautiful sunny weekday. Arrived at Kokkari riding with my co-worker on his bike.This is what I remember:1. We did not have a reservation and we sat at the bar.2. The place was beautiful and very classy with a huge stone fireplace in the dining area blazing with huge warm fire. Long dark-wood tables.3. Service was friendly.4. I remember ordering the lamb souvlaki $16.50 and my co-worker ordered the moussaka $18. We also ordered olives for appetizer. 5. The portions were generous. 6. I remember to this day how tasty my meal was. It made such an impression on me that I definitely want to go back with boyfriend one of these days for a really fine romantic dinner.
My girlfriend took me here for my birthday. Everything we ordered was on point. Our waiter definitely recommended all the right dishes. The only complaint I had was the table behind us was obnoxious. Three middle aged men throwing "f" bombs in every other sentence....c'mon now? Really?!
Had a major family affair in the private dining room. Excellent attention to all details from the management. Exceptionally well trained staff - totally attentive to everyone's requests from all ages - 12 to 80. Superior kitchen - equal to any restaurant in San Francisco for quality of food and beverage. Extensive wine and liquor selection.
I didn't call ahead to make a reservation, but when my friends and I showed up unannounced, the owner himself said he'd squeeze us in. (He wasn't kidding when he said 'squeezed in' - I'm fairly certain we were seated at a table that clearly had no right being there). The service was a little brusque - plates cleared before we were fully done, checks brought to the table before we'd even tasted our desserts - perhaps our unreserved status was obvious from our location. So while I'm grateful we were seated on a busy Friday night, I wasn't entirely pleased with the service.What am I gonna say about the food here that hasn't been said already? It's delicious. Everything. (If you're curious, we had Kalamata Pita, Fakes Supa, Makaronia me Horta, and Kotopoulo Souvlas). Be careful with the Turkish coffee. I don't usually get wired by caffeine, but this stuff could wake the dead.
I like coming here because of the ambiance and food. I ordered the Moussaka which was very rich and delish, but I could only eat a few bites before I became full. My dining companions ordered fish and it was so delicious and light - I vowed to remember to order it next time I dine there. Drinks here and great. Service was ok, not five start quality and I hope it improves so I can give them the 5 stars they deserve. I've tried the Greek coffee, not for me but their desserts are - I've had so many different ones that I would recommend them all! The best thing about this place is the indoor fire pit oven that always has a spit going for dinner service.
You may call it's in the blood, coming from a mediterranean country, Kokkari is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I tried almost every entree in the menu, the only one that i was disappointed was rabbit which was served fried and not that great. Overall, it's a great place for a business or casual dinner.
The food is amazing wow service was excellent I came here the other night with a friend and we ate at the bar. We shared the Lamb meatballs which were so tasty and fresh. then shared the fresh sea bass with potatoes and olives wow delicious. The price is what you would expect to pay and the ambiance made it a wonderful evening. I will be back
I had a lovely experience here. It's a large restaurant -- we were seated in the main (front) dining room (the room with the rotisserie and the fireplace) in a booth. It was cosy, intimate, fun -- everything I would want from an evening dining out -- and, in fact, a great place to take a date (It's a large place, with several rooms, so if one is taking a date, it may be best to specify).There are plenty of vegetarian appetizers; only one vegetarian entree. Ordinarily, that might offend my sensibilities, but there was no lack of food on this night, and no one would reasonably be rebuffed were they to make a meal out of the various appetizers offered. Among the apps, we shared the zucchini cakes, the pan fried cheese, the spanikopita, the Greek salad, and my friends had the octopus (which they said was among the finest they've ever sampled). All was good, but the zucchini cakes stand out as the hands-down favorite. They were so delicious, I wanted to bend down on one knee and propose. For an entree, I had the ravoili -- again, the only vegetarian entree on the menu -- and honestly, the least exciting item I sampled on the menu. I wouldn't order it again.For dessert we shared the flourless chocolate cake. I wouldn't have thought that the Greeks knew much about flourless chocolate cake, but let us not forget their contribution in the field of democracy, modern political and theoretical discourse, and the Olympics. The Greeks pose the probing question: Who needs flour after eating something that good? And I don't even have a sweet tooth.For vegetarians, best to come in a crowd, so one can sample the various offerings permitted. Be forewarned: this is not an inexpensive outing. That said, worth it. The ambiance, the food, the intimacy all make for a wonderful night out. Recommended. I'll be back.
We were looking forward to this place given the reviews here but were pretty dissapointed. The feta cheese and olive, and the grilled eggplant appetizers were good but the main dishes were severly lacking. The mousakka which suppose to be a greek standard was difficult to eat...it was just mashed up meat under some cheese or a little amount of bechamel sauce . I think the chef's bottle of nutmeg fell into the dish. Basically it was 90% nutmeg and 10% other stuff.... I could only eat about half. We also ordered braised duck which suppose to have a crispy skin.Unfortunately the skin was tough like a wax paper. I had to chew it hard . however, the duck meat was very nicely cooked. it kept a good texture of meat and was 't greasy.One last thing I want to say is that the restaurant was packed and I found that many of small tables are too close to next each other. the distanse between our table and the next was no more than 8inch. There was no privacy.
The best meal I had in San Francisco, without a doubt in my mind. Possibly even one of the best meals I've ever had.I could tell you about the unfailingly excellent service. I could tell you about the layout, which manages to transform a relatively large space into a number of discreet, intimate dining areas. I could tell you about the oddly gilded elevator you have to take to get to the restroom, which, really, how awesome is that? I could tell you about the warm, fresh pita and tzatziki, or perfectly mud-like Turkish coffee or extensive wine list or grilled calamari or any number of things. In fact, I have told you about them, just now, but, rhetorically-speaking... on to the more amazing aspects of this meal!First, the grilled pork belly. I could linger at my table all night chewing the fat as I chew the fat off this phenomenally tasty piece of meat.  I practically had to engage in armed combat with my dining companions in order to get my fair portion. I would highly advise you to order this appetizer, or depending on your party size, several orders of it.Now for what I consider the single greatest piece of meat it has been my pleasure to ingest: the grilled lamb shank (over orzo). I try to avoid calling any piece of meat "succulent," since I think that work is overused and abused, usually just denoting an especially good meat. No, I mean, per Mssrs. Merriam and Webster, that this lamb shank was both "(1) full of juice [and] (2) moist and tasty." May I also add "tender" and "literally falling off the bone" to the descriptions offered by my lexicographer friends?I also sampled a few other entrees here but none would compare to the lamb shank. It was the topic of conversation among my dining companions for several days afterward. I cannot recommend this highly enough.
What else can you say about this place when 800+ people have already said it? Just come here and see for yourself! A group of four of us came and had an extremely reasonably priced and beyond filling dinner out of appetizers we shared family style - beets, butternut squash, a salad, meatballs, and calimari. Don't skip the deserts! We had a great recommendation on a Macedonian wine which oddly enough was featured in Food and Wine Magazine this month. The ambiance, waitstaff, entire menu and experience were one of the best I've ever had, anywhere - I was just blown away.
Absolutely delicious food, great attentive staff, warm, cozy ambiance and even valet parking! Took us a while to finally get into this place...heard about it about a year ago, and tried to just get in within a days notice, or walk in...no go. Loooong waiting list. Finally decided to try on a weekday as we had out of town guests. Success!We were not disappointed. We ordered these incredible fried smelts for an appetizer...so good! Extensive wine list and creative cocktails (mojito was very good!). They excel at their grilled meat entrees, particularly lamb (of course!) My husband even tried this goat stew that came highly recommended...wow...wonderfully tender...not gamey at all...the spices included cinnamon and cumin and they truly complimented that dish. I tried their chicken lemon greek soup....so incredibly creamy and sublime! YUM. Desserts were incredible...baklava was excellent as well as this greek yogurt with honey, pistachios, dates....omg...if you're in the mood for a wonderful greek meal...check this place out for sure!
Up'ing my review to a full 4 stars because their desserts are awesome! In particular, the baklava ice cream. Yum.The waitress was also super nice and very knowledgeable. Makes the experience much better.
Wow. What else to say about this place. Great food. Great service. One of the warmest atmospheres of any restaurant I've been too. Have been here many times and they have never let me down. Be sure to make a reservation, because this place always seems to be busy, no matter what time of day.
We ate here for Valentine's Day, for which they offered a price-fixe menu. We were pretty excited considering the glowing reviews on Yelp, and I have to say, we weren't too disappointed, although not overwhelmed. Having said that, I don't think we experienced the restaurant at its best.We arrived on time for our 9:30 reservation, and were told by the delightful hostess that there was a 15-20 minute wait - which meant we would be eating at almost around 10 pm. I didn't mind too much - I like sitting at the bar before a meal. The problem was that there was no seating at the bar, and there was nowhere that was not awkward to stand either. Not their fault, I suppose, although it would be nice if they had some way of more graciously handling this.The price of a glass of wine was a little breathtaking. My Viogner was pleasant but not really more outstanding than a wine I've paid less for elsewhere. My partner's Merlot was pretty exceptional, however. We were seated between a server station and a rather loud couple - not really conducive to a romantic Valentine's Day meal. I was bumped into a number of times by servers passing by - I schooched our table in a little toward the loud couple to alleviate this - my partner and I didn't need to talk, much, anyway :) Next time I will request a booth.Our main server, who was really quite wonderful, explained how our menu would be served, what would be brought automatically and what we could choose (the entree and desserts). He offered us tap water (which I thought was a little manipulative, because who wants to drink tap water? Why not filter it?) and I asked for panna, which was also quite pricey. We were brought a little dish of marinated olives - I think usually this comes with some bread, which would have been nice, since the olives were very salty. I much preferred the meaty, firm Kalamata olives that came with the appetizers and salad. We began with a dish of spreads: melitzanosalata - a delicious eggplant relish reminiscent of babaganoush but less creamy, more fresh and chunky; tzatziki - a wonderful creamy yoghurt and cucumber spread, redolent with garlic; and a lovely fresh and light taramosalata, a dip made from smoked cod or carp roe blended with lemon juice, olive oil and a little bread, one of my favorite things, and now one of my partner's favorites :) This was served with little warm flaky buttery triangles of spanikopita, fresh cuke spears, passable dolmathes (I like mine better) and fresh fluffy pita bread. Next, they brought us a classic Greek salad which featured an incredibly special feta - creamy and 'sheepy', very fresh. I did not like the tomatoes, which could have been riper, and would have been better if they were not refrigerated - they were a little mealy. This was followed by grilled octopus, which was something in between what I've had before and what the most glowing Yelp reviews report - a tiny bit chewy, but not unpleasantly so, yet not outstanding. I refer to my earlier qualifier. It must have been a stressful night for the restaurant.Once the lamb riblets arrived, I was beginning to feel as if more food was a bad idea. They were nicely prepared, not overly spiced, just a little olive oil and lemon - I wished for a little bread to mop up the juices and oils, but the pita was long gone :( For our entree, we ordered the "Thalasina Scharas Yia Dio - mixed seafood grill for two of whole Mediterranean sea bass, prawns, mussels, & calamari, roasted fennel & braised gigante beans with black olive" (there was no black olive). I was really too full at this point to enjoy the subtle flavors of the perfectly-cooked seafood - I had a little of everything but we ended up taking most of it home. The roasted fennel was lovely - I usually braise it but I really enjoyed the firm texture and fresh flavor of the roasted veggie. I wish there had been more of that.Strangely enough, when it came time for dessert, my brain overrode my tummy and temporarily I had room for just a bit more. My partner ordered the baklava, which came warm with vanilla praline ice cream. I joked with him that I bet it would not be as good as my homemade version but it really was! I ordered the Galaktoboureko. The word 'sumptuous' accurately describes this dessert - two cigars of buttery, flaky phyllo surrounding a rich semolina custard, Meyer lemon spoonsweet (which was sort of like a marmalade but with thicker slices of Meyer lemon, truly divine) & crme fraiche ice cream. We shared a glass of lovely citrusy Eiswein that perfectly complimented the desserts.I believe we'll come back for appetizers and maybe share an entree - the food is very good, authentic; the prices for bevvies are too high (Kokkari, please consider offering filtered water!). The atmosphere and service are really excellent, although I will be assertive about requesting a quieter, less vulnerable spot next time :)
I wish I could give them a 3.5 star, but since it is not allowed, and I liked the most part of it, I decided to give them a questionable 4 star, lolSo I came here for the special V day dinner, since all other restaurants I was interested in were all booked. So I called them for a reservation, and they said if I was going to participate in the V day special event, they would make the reservation for me. I hadn't have many choices at that time and I said yes. The menu for the dinner was set by them, and you got a few choices for each course(it was a 4 course dinner). You can share a big one or just go for you own smaller dish (the third and fourth dish).The lamb was very fresh, juicy and tender. Fata Cheese was very impressive. But the big seafood plate(the last course) was just okay, the lake fish(they called it xxx bass) tasted not so good and kind had a weird smell(lake smell maybe). Mussels and clams were really fresh, but didn't have much taste(I guess it was just steamed, but I wanted greek cuisine, it that greek?). The desert was great, their Baklava tasted awesome, but I was really full towards the end, so didn't finished it.Overall, it was a good dinner in terms of freshness and volume, but a bit pricy ($75/person w/o wine) for the food I got. Most customers that night were 30+, so I guess it is not a popular place for teens and ppl in their early 20s
Excellent food. Beautiful interior. Very romantic. BEWARE! MAKE RESERVATIONS...and make them days ahead of time or you will be stuck with a 10pm spot like we were! We are late eaters anyway, but not quite that late :) I had quail and it was cooked and seasoned perfectly. Honestly, my favorite part of my whole experience there was my appetizer: FRIED CHEESE. It was amazing and I can still imagine the taste in my mouth and will crave it for months until my next trip to the City.
I came here for a business dinner a few months ago and I must say for Mediterranean food this place is amazing. I remember reading some yelp reviews before heading over here and everyone said that the lamb chops are a must. I'm not much of a lamb person, but I thought I would give it a try and I have to say that if its your first time going tp Kokkari then its a much have. I wish i can remember the type of appetizers we ordered, but I didn't do the ordering on that end, but what i can say is that everything we ordered was delicious .
I absolutely love this place! My favorite pick in the city. The service is always on point. You need to make a reservation for dinner, it's usually packed. However, sometimes you can squeeze in at the bar, which I recommend. The bartenders are gentlemen and will keep you entertained if they're not extremely busy. Oh and of course the food is great too, can't go wrong with anything you pick! It has a lovely, warm, and intimate ambiance and they definitely treat you like a lady!
Kokkari was really good. The food was delicious and the waiters were very helpful and attentive. Our appetizers were really good, but my quail dish was just OK (this is why I gave 4 stars instead of 5). My boyfriend had the lamb skewer which was delicious. We were seated right in front of the kitchen and were drooling over the whole lamb that one of the cooks was chopping apart, and one of the waiters was nice enough to bring us over a chunk. A+. I would definitely go here again.
I have wanted to go here for like fucking ever.Not for like a week. But, for like fucking ever.Not for like a month.But, for like fucking ever.("Like Fucking Ever" is approximately 4 months, 15 days and 9 hours in Rachel "I'm a Model" G. time)So, you can imagine my surprise when my three girlfriends and I headed out to get DiGiorno pizzas and an extra-large Carlo Rossi Sangria from Safeway and ended up sapping on fine Greek wines and dining on some of those most decadent and deliciously prepared Greek food I've ever had.The place is beautiful; really nicely appointed with a warm atmosphere. Not only is it beautiful but the service was impeccable and totally unpretentious considering we rolled in around 9:30 (they stop service at 10:00) wearing t-shirts and smelling a touch boozy.Forget the atmosphere though (and I did as soon as fried cheese was placed before me), the food is the real star. Amazing olives. Delicious homemade taramasalata and tzaziki with fluffy, grilled pita. Baked prawns floating in a tomato broth sprinkled with Greek Cheese. Housemade ravioli the size of a large fist in a delicious dill infused sauce with artichoke hearts, olives and more cheese.Needless to say, it was delicious dinner for four girls who started out wanting pizza and boxed wine. When in Rome, though, right?I mean, when in Greece.I mean, when in a Greek restaurant in San Francisco. I mean, I've wanted to go there for fucking ever.Where am I?
I really loved the restaurant. The zucchini cake appetizer with cuumber and mint yogurt dressing was the best part of our meal. I liked the salad but it was nothing special and I wasn't overly impressed with my rotisserie lamb or my boyfriend's lamb skewers. I learned from this experience that I like my lamb medium-rare.
Some of the food was very good but the appetizers were horrible; overcooked and not very tasty. The lamb riblets were too fatty and there were only five tiny ones for $11.00! The tzatiki was bland and the retsina didn't taste like the retsina I love. It is horrendously expensive for GREEK food no matter how fancy it is. I think we're paying for the location and the ambiance which is not what I wanted or expected. Maybe my tastes are too pedestrian but overall it was a disappointment. If you love this place then you don't know real Greek food.
It's a beautiful restaurant. My food was good, but a little too rich for my taste. After I had my dinner it felt like a had a giant rock in my stomach. But then again, we had just come back from an afternoon of wine tasting, so my pallet was little shot for the day.
Unbelievably great food and ambiance.  Will need to go again for the large selection of appetizers and meals.
the grilled octopus is AMAZING! it was juicy, tender & the best part of my meal. another plus is that the restaurant offers cute 1/2 bottles of wine...great for the light weights who don't want to finish a full bottle. my friend & i came here but we both don't like lamb, so our choices were very limited (so limited that I even considered ordering a vegetarian dish). he had the pork chop special, which was a humongous portion. i had one of their fish specials, which was just average. as a lazy eater, i didn't enjoy it that much b/c it wasn't de-boned.the seating space was also very tight and limited. we were sitting literally a foot away from the couple next to us. it's kind of fun to unintentionally eavesdrop, but sometimes you just need some space!
Very good food, beautiful space.
Do you ever go to a place a whole bunch of times over years and years and find it consistently wonderful? I can count the places that deliver in this way on one hand - and its the one from which I lost two fingers. I get something different just about every time I show up (although if there are gigantes I always get them - giant beans? please, how magical is that?) and whatever I order is perfect. This last time they served me some kind of bean dip that wasn't really hummus and it was fantastic - and I'm a huge hummus connoisseur. They have a retsina by the glass that will actually help you remember that retsinas are good (they are in Greece and Kokkari but in the rest of the US they are undrinkable). So - go, order anything at all, be stunned and amazed - repeat.
This place is the closest restaurant from my new apt, so I 've started to go there a lot. Let me just begin by saying... while the place looked fancy, I don't understand what the fuzz was all about, it's constantly booked full on the weekends, I had to give it 3 tries to get into the place, yes, most people are financial types, and the place ain't cheap. Would the world government please get together and tax the crap out of the financial guys already?Alright, now, the food and service is great, though they tend to lack a little on a sat. night, that's ok, I can totally understand that. Lam's great, seafood, not bad, over all, I'd give it 4 stars if its not sooooo overwhelmingly busy all the time, I see cars double parked to the wazoo on Jackson street sometimes, people, this is not Koi, and there's a steak place right next door! I'll give it the extra star when they expand I guess. Or when the financial big shots get properly taxed.
With a 1000+ reviews and a 4.5 star rating, I was expecting to blown away. However, what I got was a pretty good meal with terrible service.The food was fresh and well prepared, but nothing special. We had a few of the small plates(orange salad, lamb riblets, brussel sprouts, eggplant/artichoke dish, and a shrimp dish. The standout here was the lamb riblets and I would definitely recommend trying. For our entree, we split the grilled whole seabass- which was good, but again, nothing spectacular.I probably would rate the food a 3.5 or a 4, but lowered my rating on my overall experience due to the bad service. Our waiter was extremely unattentive and really acted like he didn't want to be there.
Original dishes. Great wine and amazing atmosphere! What more can you ask for? Worth the money!
I went here for a girls night out and this place is definitely ideal for big parties and good food. The ambiance is warm and inviting with a great variety of dishes to choose from. We ordered some mezes such as the grilled octopus, the Soutzoukakia meatballs, and the deep fried fava beans (not on the menu). I enjoyed the fava beans the most with the pod intact , it had a nice crispness on the outside and a smooth bite on the inside. For the main course, I ordered the lamb chops and I'm not a lamb kind of girl but I decided to take a risk since that is what Kokkari is known for. It was a good choice! Usually lamb has a gaminess taste but I didn't taste any of that. The potatoes that are accompanied with it are top notch. Its got a lemon/herb taste that is somehow infused into the potato wedges. They've got this in the mezes list if you are not into the lambchops, so try it out. For dessert we ordered the Yiaourti Granita (yogurt w/ fruit granita and mint syrup) as well as the Galaktoboureko (custard in phyllo). I liked the lightness of the combination in the granita and yogurt. The Galaktoboureko's custard is not at all like the custards that I am normally accustomed to. Its like a puree but tasty nonetheless. The service was great and the environment can be very noisy but that didn't stop the parents of baby that was sitting at one of the tables nearby  (just to note, from experience... babies can sleep thru anything). This is the kind of place that leaves you wanting to try their other dishes.
I have dined at Kokkari before, but recently visited Kokkari again for a surprise birthday dinner. I make our reservations via Opentable, and included special requests for the Maitre D'. Needless to say, all my dinner requests were granted. i.e. specific table location, and birthday dessert. Perfect!For appetizers, we ordered the Marithes Tiganites (crispy smelts w/ garlic potato skordalia & lemon, and the Saghanaki (pan fried Kefalograviera cheese with lemon & oregano). Delicious! For our entrees, we ordered the rotisserie special of the evening - goose - which was roasting before everyone's eyes, and the always savory braised lamb shank!You can not go wrong with Kokkari! It's one of my SF favorites.One thing to note, arrive with an appetite, as appetizers, soups/salads, and entree will fill you up! Of course, leave room for dessert. I only wish I didn't eat too much smelts, as I could barely finish my goose! Bon Appetit!
I'm Greek and this is the first and only restaurant I've been to that makes better food than my grandmother.
Mmmm...this place is a home run. I'm actually surprised that people would give this place less than 4 stars. This place guarantees an upscale atmosphere and excellent food. I started with the Kalamata Pita. Solid. It was a great combination of flavors. I also had the Moussaka. I love this dish and can say that, having tried it in Greece, Kokkari gives the real thing a run for its money. I then had the lamb chops which were absolutely delicious. It was perfectly spiced and despite being a chop was a decent amount of meat.Only notable is that, while this is a very popular restaurant to go to, it's best not to confuse it with a trendy place. You want trendy/upscale go to 1300 on Fillmore. This is more traditional upscale. That said, this place has a great atmosphere, it's reasonably priced, and has excellent food. Like most SF natives, this place ranks in my top 10.
Simply stated....incredible. This is my most favorite restaurant in San Francisco. My husband and I save this place for special occasions. The ambiance is so beautiful and the service is great. And the food is mind blowing. The steak is the best I have ever had.
Tried 2 appetizers and they were both really good but I wasn't blown away by it. It seemed like a nice place to take a date due to the vibrant but elegant atmosphere
I can't believe I didn't try this place earlier! its amazingwe had the shrimp, meatballs, calamari and octopus for appetizers and they were ALL very yummy. They all had a distinct flavor and the only thing wrong was there wasn't enough. ( this is when I wish I wasn't in a big group so I don't have to share =)).My friend and I ordered the seafood for two dish. It came with mussels, grilled shrimp and a whole fish. We choose the grilled seabass. The whole dish was prepared perfectly.We had almost every item on the dessert menu and they were all equally good. on top of the good food, our server was wonderful. Its not easy being attentive to a group of 11 people but he was friendly , funny and had great knowledge of everything on the menu.I am impressed.
So delish- great decor, amazing service. If you have a large party try and reserve the downstairs table it is beautiful! I always end up ordering the specials which are super good, one fish dish and another stew... I've never ordered anything here that I didn't love.
We ended up getting to San Francisco an hour before our reservation and were seated without a problem. We decided to do small plates including the Horiatiki (Greek Salad - their feta is unlike any other), Kalamata Pita (get it every time), Lamb Riblets, Octopus and a Sardine. Food was brought out as it was ready, which was quite fast. We finished the meal with amazing baklava with a la mode and an espresso, both of which were perfect. Add on a great wine list and you've got yourself a great night for a great price (under $100).All my subsequent visits have been just as wonderful and I've had the delight of experiencing the bartenders and the fact they know what they are doing and talking about. My favorite part about Kokkari is it's versatility; a great place for a casual lunch, after work cocktail or the start to a wonderful date night.
I've been to Kokkari a couple times. The food and service are as great as everyone says they are!I was just there last night with an 8:30 reservation. We weren't seated until 8:40, but as soon as they told us there was a bit of a delay the manager came over and gave us complementary champagne! We honestly weren't even upset about the 10 minute wait, but after we were seated the servers brought over 2 comped appetizers, which was completely unnecessary but a perfect example of what great people they are. The manager came over several times to check on us throughout the meal and then comped dessert. Love Kokkari and will definitely be back!!!
I've been to Kokkari a few times and it has yet to disappoint me on any level.Good greek food is very difficult to find in San Francisco. But this food is of such high quality that it surpasses even the best Greek food that I have eaten in the best restaurants in Greece.My last time in Kokkari was Valentine's night. Due to the night I expected a deterioration in either food quality or service. But it was in fact my best experience there. They were incredibly attentive with their service. The fixed price menu of $75 per person was worth every penny. They provided a terrific set price menu with lots of choice and picked fantastic dishes for the menu. The only thing is that there was so much food that I think the entire restaurant left with their dessert and more in a box. I think when a restaurant caters for Valentine's Day so magnificently that it makes you realize that they really appreciate their customers. I look forward to my next visit there.
i guess we have to keep in mind that we should not depend so much on YELP reviews. i saw a lot of "good" reviews for this place and took my friend there for his birthday. The service was the worst experience ever! The waiter Abel was telling me what the appeitizers were, but my friend did not hear it, so he asked him to repeat it again. he replied by "I just told her, didn't you hear it?!" that was not a nice tone to speak to a customer! i'm sorry but the service ruined everything. the food was ok, but the only thing i liked about this place was the bread and the decor. THE END!
Lovely place nested btw the financial district and Chinatown, lots of energy and good food.  Our group started with the Greek salad, veggies was fresh, but nothing more special than a regular salad.Lamb riblet--------Excellent. Tender and juicy, but not gamey.Pita bread with dip----------Excellent. Did its job keeping our hungry                          stomach at ease while waiting for the main                         course.Grilled octopus----------Ok. Not chewy with minimal seasoning.Lamb chops--------Excellent. Perfect medium rare, but no sauce, not                 too much taste.Lamb Stew-------Excellent. Minced lamb with rich cinnamonly taste.Daily grill, leg of lamb--------ok. Ripoff. Only a few small slices of meat,                         but came with a big bone.Rice pudding--------Fair.Phyllo custard with creme fraiche ice cream--------Excellent. Not 2 sweet.Baklava--------Fair. It's just me, I don't like nutty desserts. But the              vanilla ice cream served on the side was good.             Calamari---------Good. Liked the fennel and orange mix.
Absolutely delicious food, I didn't like Greek food before coming to this restaurant! A MUST if you are in SF! Service, as good as it gets!
Found this from Yelp. Hard to get a seat even on a Monday night. The lamb ribs are to die for. Even consider to move to SF just for this restraunant. Will include in my must dine place in SF.
Food is just as good as the original, see my review for Evvia in Palo Alto, but lacks the quaint homey feel since the dining room is broken up into two areas.
Great food, interior expectaculer. The best lamb chop in town!! Will be back soon
it just doesn't get better than this placethe spreads are like crackgreat wine listamazing food - lamb riblets, whole grilled fish, grilled octopusperfect for lunch or dinner....work or date...2 or groupgo here
Love, love love this place! But call early for reservations because everyone else loves it too. I have come here twice and both times were great - i suggest the menagere of hummus/taziki and the lamb chops. If its cold, request a table by the fire. There is also a great bar, so arrive early and get some beverages.
Kokkari has long been my favorite restaurant in the city, so I was very excited when I was invited to a work lunch there. I was the only lady and lowest on the totem pole of our group of 6. The host ordered 3 dips to start which I thought was an unadventurous choice, but probably appropriate for this corporate crew. I had forgotten how amazing their pita bread is! The very Greek server described the specials in detail in an almost dramatic fashion that I found very charming, but my lunchmates sort of snickered at (boo). I ordered the octopus salad (crickets from the group) while the men lamely ordered greek salads (really?) or whole fish. Everyone loved the meal, as expected. Anyway, it's not like Kokkari needs yet another 5 star review, but I wanted to mention that if you're going to go, please don't order a plain old greek salad. Not b/c it's not good. I'm sure it is, but it seems like such a waste. You cannot go wrong here and high end greek restaurants are rare, so take the opportunity to order outside of your comfort zone!
I ordered the zucchini cakes and moussaka (with ground lamb). Both were delicious and full of great flavor. The service was friendly and quick. I would gladly recommend this restaurant.
Went here 2 Friday's ago with a friend while up in SanFran. I'm a big fan of really good Greek food. The inside of the restaurant was really nice and were seated promptly for our 8pm reservation. Over all it was a really good dining experience. The items that I thought were really good were: - Karpouzi me Feta: watermelon & feta with pine nuts, basil & Greek olive oil. The combo was very flavorful & opened up the taste senses. - Garides sto Fourno: This shrimp appetizer was cooked well. The shrimp, cheese, and sauce combo was nice.- Arnisia Paidakia: grilled lamb chops. The lamb was cooked well and had a lot of flavor. The potatoes served w/ them were supper crispy. - Goat Stew Special: lamb cooked with orzo, artichokes, & spices. Then top w/ feta & put in the broiler. I really like the flavor combo. 2 items I was disappointed in: - Taramosalata: seemed really salty. I know it's fish & egg based, but compared to others I've had it seemed off. - Octapodaki tou Yiorgou: the octopus was cooked well, but lacked seasoning. Some pieces were seasoned and some weren't. I've had a lot better octopus at other greek places.For dessert we had the Baklava Ice Cream. That was also very good. With wine and drinks the meal for 2 came to $213 plus tip.
Holy Zeus! This place is beyond brilliant. First off, its huge. HUGE. Elevator down to the bathroom and pvt dining room huge. Walking into Kokkari, the first thing you notice is the smell. The smell? Is it good? is it bad? Its a good thing my little Hercules. The night we went they had a huge pig on the rotisserie covered in bacon. Amazing. I dont eat pork...but i was salivating on the hostess. Poor thing.We sat down(obvi) and ended up with the most ADORABLE waiter ever. Overly friendly and spent too much time talking to us. Not a bad thing at all(he was greek) but he was also working. tsk tsk. Started with the skewer of eggplant and artichoke hearts...and then we ordered the whole fish and the halibut. Ended with ouzo and chilled melon with honey and mint. There is nothing to complain about. Which is odd. But to me, this place is seemingly perfect. It is affordable, fun, friendly and the perfect place to take out of towners. It IS San Francisco. The food is just as good as anything you could get at the ridiculously priced places through out San Fran(which I love but enjoy even more when im not paying. Dont judge.)
Go there early and grab a seat at the bar!!! Ordered the Petrale Sole with a glass of Chardonnay...yummm. Must get the custard dessert.It gets crowded with beautiful people during prime time.Enjoy!
BEST food I've ever tasted, bar none. I wished my stomach was bigger so I could eat more. The food was VERY rich however, and I couldn't eat at all the next day. It's also a high-end restaurant with a full bar (usually Greek food isn't at high-end restaurants).Best Appetizers (in order of amazing, from most to least, but least was still better than 75% of restaurants)* Tzatziki & Favosalata with Pita - OMG. I kept eating these, they were incredible. Never in my life have I tasted such pita! It was pillowy, soft, and had the slightest hint of herbs. Dear Lord, I hope Heaven's restaurant serves such good pita. Otherwise all my charity work would have been in vain.The tzatziki is incredibly rich & creamy, with pieces of dill & cucumber, I'm pretty sure they used whole milk Greek yogurt. Tasted a lot like high-end cream cheese.Favosalata - take the BEST hummus you've ever tasted. Now multiply it X 1000 and you've got the taste of their favosalata. It was rich, creamy, and tart. * Saghanaki - fried cheese. It's not feta, but it tastes a lot like a combination of feta & parmegiano reggiano. It was incredible. It's soaked in lemon and olive oil, but the cheese is crispy so it's a mix of crispy & soft textures. It's very tart but strangely addictive. * Dolmathes - grape leaves stuffed with rice, dill & mint. Usually most restaurants make these too bland or too vinegar-y. These were the most perfect dolmathes I have ever tasted - just tart enough without being too tart.* Soutzoukakia - lamb meatballs in marinara & Greek yogurt. Think meatballs with VERY concentrated lamb flavor.My entree:I got Souvlaki apo Entosthia, which is organ meats on a skewer, with spiced potato wedges. Sounds unappetizing, right? Most of my colleagues got lamb, and it was pretty average. But organ meats are very rich, creamy, and fatty, with highly concentrated flavor. One of the other people at my dinner party tried my dish, and said it was MUCH better than the external cuts of lamb. The spiced potato wedges were comparable to KFC's but less salty, they were very good.I finished off the meal with regular coffee.There's a few things you should NOT order: Appetizers: * Melitzanosalata (an eggplant dip like baba ganoush which was very bland)* Octapodaki - grilled octopus, these tasted like grilled chicken and were nothing extraordinary. I expected them to be slimy like calamari but they had the same texture & taste as chicken. * Brussels sprouts (tasted too smoky for me)Desserts:* Rizogalo - rice pudding with roasted peach. It was far too sweet, and tasted like over-sugared oatmeal* Greek coffee - it had no flavor and lots of grounds. (if you want coffee - get the regular coffee, that was fine)
Went here for lunch and it was definitely an older FiDi group. We ordered the Lamb Burger which is the best I have ever had and the Mousaka which was really good, but I would have liked to have something crunchy with it since it's pretty much a casserole. Service was attentive, and reservations are required since it gets packed. Will be back again in the future...
halibut steak = A++ive come here a handful of times and each time was a great experience. the service is wonderful, the atmosphere is very pleasant and the food is just OH SO GOOD! we usually order the baby lamb shanks, the calamari and gigantes for appetizers and the halibut steak is always very delicious. they cook the halibut just right so that its crunchy on the outside and juicy and flaky on the inside. basically melts in your mouth! i believe that i ordered the chicken kebab once and that was still very yummy. per person breaks out to around $30. definitely worth it! if you haven't tried this place yet, it should become #1 on your to visit list.
Pretty bland, especially for the price.I had some mediterranean food last night that was amazing and nothing over $8.No reason to go back here IMO.
This is the kind of restaurant where old San Francisco lawyers have their retirement parties. Although they were great about seating us even though we were fifteen minutes late, I wasn't that impressed with the food. It was good, but not great. I'm vegetarian, though, so keep that in mind, since maybe the meat dishes are where it's at. I had the vegetable kebab platter. The pita bread (which is really bread-y--not like pita at all) was great. Our service was also great. I'm giving three stars, though, because the food was unexceptional and it was expensive for what you got.
It is pretty great food. Very crowed even in Tuesday night. I was told that I have to make a reservation even just for one person (myself, maybe that's the reason). It's also pricy. I spent $75 just for myself.
My gf and I went for dinner at Kokkari. As far as dress code goes, as long as you're wearing at least a collared / buttoned shirt or a nice sweater, you won't feel out of place (a few previous yelpers said they felt underdressed). Business casual or dressy is probably the best way to go in this joint.Service was good, not much to say on that front except that it lets you concentrate on the food itself. Zucchini cakes were almost like crab cakes, pretty good. I had the special which was sea bass with a tomato base sauce, choice of oven or grilled. I chose oven and it came out perfect, deboned, very soft and tender. My gf had the ravioli which was good but nothing extraordinary. The meat dishes looked really good but because I was partially abstaining for Lent, I couldn't partake in any of the different meat varietals they had. One day I'll have to go back for the meat. Place was filled so definitely seems like a popular place for Greek food. Baklava with ice cream was alright. I never had baklava before but it's a bit too sweet for me because of all the honey they put in it. I'm sure it's a good treat for those who like it though so don't take my word for it. Bill came out to be $100 for appetizer, two entrees, glass of wine, and dessert which I was fine with since it was for a special occasion.
I grew up in Salt Lake City, which has a pretty big Greek population. Because of this, I'm irritated when someone pronounces "Gyro" wrong, I really know a good bowl of Avgolemono when I taste one, and I realize that Kokkari has the best Greek food on earth. That is not an exaggeration. I've been to Kokkari a few times, and each time I go, I fall more and more in love. The grilled octopus is one of my favorite dishes, but the lamb riblets, the Saghanaki (fried cheese), and the zucchini cakes are all fantastic. It's best to go with a large group, and order dishes to share...that way you won't miss out on any of these Greek delicacies.Service is always impeccable. On our last visit, our server offered expert advice on both dishes, as well as wines to pair with them. Even at the bar, both drink and food service is fantastic.If you're looking for a cozy spot, be sure to request a seat by the fire.
OH MIGHTY GREEK GODS! THANK YOU FOR SHOWING US THE WAY TO KOKKARI!Sam and I went to Greece (Athens and Santorini) a few months ago and had some awesome food there. When comparing the food there to here these dishes definitely had a subtlety to them. There wasn't one strong taste - nothing was too overpowering. Instead, there was a delicate balance of ingredients in the moussaka - each layer - was delicious in its own right but all together gave the feeling of the ultimate comfort food. The one cooked by your mom on a cold, rainy day.The lamb meat was literally falling off the bone, no knifes needed. It sat on top of a bed of rice that had myzithra cheese sprinkled on it. Huge portions, it came with the bone that we had fun with.More with pictures: mymodernmet.com/profiles
The fact that I had lunch AND dinner here yesterday tells me one of two things: either I am starting to develop acute adult OCD, or this place is HUGE.I say the latter.Dimitri rocks - best Restaurant host to walk the planet. Fatah is the most charming bartender I have ever met (and I have come across MANY).  And I guess it helps that the food is tasty.Play it safe and try the spreads. Then move on to zucchini cakes. The watermelon and feta goes nicely after that. Followed by some grilled, stuffed calamari. Next, order the greek salad - or soup... tough call. Migrate to the Lamb or Artichoke Souvlaki, depending on what tickles your fancy. The whole fish frightens me. I try to forget that what I am eating has eyes. Polish it off with that seductive chocolate cake and some greek coffee, and call it a night! Or day.. whichever meal you chose... I chose BOTH, obvi.I mean, really? My profile picture is even taken from their bathroom.XOXO
Awesome meal and awesome service...just a great experience all around. Our server, Wayne, was spot on with his wine and food recommendations. We started with the shrimp with feta, lamb meatballs, and citrus salad. All were fantastic...especially the shrimp dish which made me want to use my bread to clean the dish when we were finished. For the main course, we went with the lamb chops which were some of the best I've ever hard. And for dessert, the ice cream sundae which was again, awesome. The entire dinner from start to finish was just a solid experience and I can see why this place is packed every night of the week. We'll definitely be back.
My mom and I sat in giant sumptuous chairs next to their rotisserie fireplace and had a flawless meal. The food is outstanding and I can't wait to go back and try more. The atmosphere is elegant but also very relaxed and comfortable. The service was maybe the most enjoyable part- the staff seemed like a cool bunch of people who know how to maintain perfect service standards and still be relaxed and confident enough to be themselves. It makes the whole experience that much richer. I found the prices to be very fair, no price was even remotely surprising in a restaurant of this caliber.
This place was amazing. The service was excellent, the ambiance was perfect. Everything that I tried on the menu (dolmas, prawn appetizer, ravioli, baklava) was absolutely delicious. I can't wait to return so that I can try more of the menu!
excellent all around. i am there again and again. one meets the finest people and has the best conversations at the bar. excellent food and wine and service.
Nice atmosphere, wait staff was really nice. The food was alright but not the best. The lamb everybody mentions is pretty much the only thing to get, everything else just feels alright. If you're going for the lamb, I recommend it.
Pretty good food. I would have given this place 4stars if the service was better. We took clients here and RSVPed for lunch but we had to call the waiter for simple things like water and bread. But to be fair, the food was awesome.
I have eaten here at least 6 times over the past 5 years and its always been tremendous. Good bar but even better food. Quality service, well trained staff. Easily one of the city's best and most reliable restaurants. Get the lamb chops and save room for the desserts.
food was very delicious and service was amazing. the ice cream they serve is to die for... great food overall.
Dee-lish-ous!My favorite Greek restaurant in SF! Everything is good but I especially like the grilled meatball appetizer and the whole fish entree.
Most Favorite Restaurant anywhere. Been there dozens of times. Awesome food, superb wait staff, very comfortable. You have to order the Fries with Eyes. Thanks Max, Frank, Kenny. Buy their cookbook.
Delicious. Absolutely amazing! I loved this place. It's a little pricey, but worth it. The watermelon was super tastey :) The service was fantastic. The atmosphere was nice - a great place to bring your parents, also good for a date. For dessert, be sure to get the greek yogurt (who doesn't love greek yogurt?)
This restaurant really is phenomenal! My office is two blocks away so I've been here quite a few times and it has yet to disappoint.All of their appetizers are great but I absolutely love the SAGHANAKI. It is pan fried cheese and it is amazing. They have a big fire pit where they roast an animal each day...I think it's usually a lamb. The bathroom is downstairs and there is a private room down there and a wine cellar. The decor in the restaurant is elegant and comforting. Even though the restaurant is pretty large it is very cozy and great on a foggy SF day.
Greek is my FAVORITE food. Thank you Kokkari for your succulent lamb riblets, tzatziki, saganaki, and fried zucchini patties. Make reservations at least a week in advance for week nights and several weeks in advance if you want to eat before 10:00 PM!
I took my boyfriend here the other night for his birthday and I was quite impressed. I had to make reservations 2 weeks in advance in order to get the time slot that I wanted which was around 8-9 o clock. I ordered the lamb chops and so did my bf. We loved it! SO yummy :) We also ordered the zucchini cakes which were absolutely amazing! It was quite small though, but the flavor wasn't so it's okay. Our waiter suggested the "Domata Salata" which was the heirloom tomato salad. I was a bit disappointed. It was pretty much 5 slices of tomatoes with feta cheese and some spinach on top. It tasted really good, but I would've much rather have eaten an actual salad lol. I loved the ambience. It was nice, good lighting. Our server was also REALLY nice! i liked him. When my bf went to the bathroom, I told him that it was his bf's bday and he brought out a really cute ice cream sundae at the end of our meal :) loved it! My only complaint is that we were seated super close to another couple that was "cupcaking" off the hook lol! kind of awkward right? All in all, I had a great experience and I would not mind going again!YUM!!
Excellent food &service. We started with the Zucchini cakes & Prawn appetizers - both were fantastic - then through salads and onto the whole Mediterranean bass & lamb chops. All perfectly cooked & seasoned. Only mention would be that the traditional Greek Salad had HUGE chunks of Feta which you had to want to dive into & the potatoes with the lamb were rather underwhelming - there has to be a better side than fingerling potatoes - but otherwise the meal was perfect. Definitely make reservations and have some Ouzo & Grapa while there!
I dunno what the fuss is about. Maybe it was just a bad night the day I went, but the food was heavy, and I could have done without the octopus. I like Greek food, but this place was too fru fru for me. I'll have to try it again to like it. The service was great though. I sat near the entrance and it was freezing, and the manager saw and turned up the heat a bit for me. That was nice of her. I ordered the lamb, realizing after that moment, I don't like lamb anymore. Poopies.
So we got the reservations through yelp/open table. We arrive on time and the whole experience was very nice.It was a bit of a special occasion since we don't go out all the timeand we were headed the ballet after dinner.The place is very comfortable - like a great big living room.The food rated good to great. I thought mine was good and my wife gave it a great rating.
Visiting San Francisco on vacation, this is a place we put on the must-see (and eat) list well before setting foot on the city by the bay, due to the amazing reviews Kokkari gets online. Boy were those reviews right on the money. Let me preface everything by saying I'm Greek, so I can be a staunch critic of Greek restaurants in the States that serve mediocre food in tacky, brightly lit blue and white surroundings. This place is nothing like that. It is absolutely elegant and captures the true charm and coziness of the Greek countryside. The food was delicious and very authentic with a few haute cuisine twists by the chef. Presentation and service were impeccable with very friendly and personable staff. The prices were very reasonable considering the value of the overall experience. I very much look forward to the next opportunity to visit this place. The only weird part about the restaurant is that you have to take an elevator down to a dungeon to get to the restroom.
Actually 4+ stars ... this is how I like to eat out. A little bit of a celebratory occasion to justify the expense, but, with the generous portions and perfectly executed dishes, it really wasn't a stretch.Tender, moist grilled octopus with lemon and olive oil (the octopus so fresh, the sea air aroma was just an added aesthetic to the dish's overall flavor)Crisp lightly battered smelt fries piled high to feed a table of 4 happily-served with a fresh garlic potato puree (skordalia)I had the rotisserie of the day: berkshire pork loin served with a tomato based vegetable stew and homemade berkshire sausage...i think the heavily sauced tender okra was giving my mouth a rendezvous with pure unadulterated love!My companion had the lamb chops with lamb-drippings, crisped potato wedges and let's just say the table was QUI-ET the duration of the meal *smile*Shredded filo crushed pistachios, custard and a cream to coat and smack your lips on rounded out our meal and paired with their greek coffee/sludge...I'm still high on caffeine as I dared to down half the coffee ground sediments, hehehe.But, what was incredible was our energetic, bonified foodie and super service oriented waiter...he made sure every dish was to our satisfaction and brought over a "sampling" of the Avgolemono (lemon-rice-chicken soup) when the lamb dish took a bit of time longer...This is my permanent Greek-comfort-go-to place in SF!
it was really good! our server was not the best one but the food was excellent.
Beautiful restaurant and atmosphere - very classy and elegant. The service staff are very friendly and genuine - really got a good feel about this place.The restaurant is huge - lot's of seating and private rooms. We were fortunate to get a private room in the downstairs part for 10 people - service and food was excellent. Loved the lamb chops and squid appetizer. My husband had the pork which was good, but nowhere near as good as the lamb.Would definiately go back for a special occasion since it is a bit pricey. Highly recommend.
This is definitely one of those special occasion places and one of my favorites. I was a little hesitant to try the first time, since I'm not fond of lamb, but there are so many other options on the menu to satisfy. If you're on a schedule and unable to do dinner, try this place for lunch. They will take care of you pretty quick. The nice thing is your within walking distance to Ferry Building!
I love this place for the lamb. The other stuff is good too. My fav is the roasted lamb that they usually have roasting on an open fire in the back of the main dinning room.
I've always been a fan of Kokkari. I've been here a handful of times. Today, i came here with coworkers to celebrate a birthday. We started out with Dolmas and some of the spreads and pita. Tasty and wonderful. Actually, one of the girls who particularly doesn't like dolmas, liked the ones we were served. For my meal i had the Greek salad (entree size). It was okay. You could tell however, that the veggies were fresh and tasty. The one thing that kinda bugged is that our server kept commenting about me and another girl not getting yogurt and feta on our dishes. Maybe cause we don't eat dairy? He was pretty vocal... over and over again. Saying that the yogurt is the best and the feta is good. You know, i'm sure it is. But we don't eat dairy. I do like this restaurant. I love the ambiance and the vibe. For that, you retain the 1 star i woulda taken away due to the server.
I've been to Kokkari twice and both times have been impressed. The first time I went was with my company for a big dinner. We had lots of appetizers and wine and a great time overall. The second time I went was for Valentine's Day with my girlfriend. Both times I went the place was completely packed. I'd recommend calling pretty far ahead for a Friday or Saturday reservation. It definitely isn't a inexpensive place, but considering the crowds I've seen there I am not surprised. I've had a lot of greek food and this is definitely my favorite greek place in SF.
Kokkari is the perfect spot to gather a large group of friends (or just two of you) and spend a long night in front of the fire or in a back room. Back when this place debuted you had to ignore a lot of d-bags and way more silicon than you'd normally see out and about in SF. Much like an attractive woman in her early 40's, Kokkari knows its strengths and focuses on showing them off. The olive/herb pizza appetizer is delicious as is their moussaka...very creamy and smooth. And the yogurt gelato makes me want to shed a tear...The lamb shank is very good but rather disturbing to stare at that massive bone all night long. So if that's a problem, prolly not the best idea to order that on a first date. If ever a dish were a euphemism, this would be the one.
successful integration of delectable traditional mediterranean food with a trendy,unaffected California vibe. Kokkari consistently delivers!( must try items: Psari Psito and Kokinisto me Manestra)
I cant say enough about this place!!! Have been going for the past 3-4 years and have never been disappointed amazing food, great service and the ambiance just adds to the perfection!
Bridal dinner with my gorgeous MOHs, BMs, and GFs.Let me begin by saying the staff is sooo friendly. I swear every person who works there that we walked by while we were shown to our table said enjoy your dinner. Our server was Georgey. He was amusing and made our experience full of laughter. He is such a character. We ordered a bunch of different items to share.Kolokithokeftethes - crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressingKokkari Patates - oven roasted potatoes with oregano & lemonSaghanaki - pan fried Kefalotiri cheese with lemon & oreganoGarides sto Furno - wood oven roasted prawns with tomato & fetaOctapodaki Stifado - red wine braised baby octopus with small onionsSoutzoukakia - grilled lamb meatballs with spiced tomato sauce & Greek yogurtPsari Psito - traditional grilled whole fish with braised greens & lemon or wood oven-roasted with avgolemono sauce & Yukon Gold potatoesGaleos - Pacific halibut steak pan roasted with spring vegetables & preserved lemon, green olive tapenadeMosharisia Plevra - beef short ribs braised with garlic & red wine vinegar over hilopites hand made pastaArnisia Paidakia - grilled lamb chops wKokinisto me Manestra- aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithraith a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoesMakaronia - ravioli stuffed with sweet peas & feta with mushrooms & myzithra cheeseYes...that seems like a lot of food but dishes were small. There were 9 of us and we finished it all. Everything was yummy. The only items I didn't like were the lamb dishes. I'm not a fan of lamb or anything gamey.Next stop Monroe Nightclub/Lounge!!
3 stars seems a bit harsh, but 4 is too much.Service was great. We arrived a bit late but our table was ready for us. Seating was a bit cramped because our table for 2 seemed to be a 4 seater split into two. We kept getting the orders of the other table. The waiter and sommelier we charming and informative. We ordered way too much and the waiter expected us to cancel our last dish. She came by a few times to check in just about the timing of the dishes. The ambiance is warm and earthy.Food was good, not great. It was my first time there so we ordered a tone of appetizers and moussaka. The spanakopita (with leeks) could have had more air between the layers.  The smelt was amazing. The squash was done properly. I would have preferred the squid and octopus to be done a bit longer to have more of a filet mignon level of texture. They erred on the side of underdone, which I would agree with if I were cooking also.Location is good, there is a park across the street to take a stroll after eating to get the metabolism going.With all the raves I would have expected better food. My standard is set by Toronto's greek town and a greek babysitter.
This is a great restaurant! I did hold back one star because it is pretty expensive! But the food was great and the service was out standing. So all and all a good place on someone else's dime!
My husband and I went to Kokkari for our anniversary dinner and enjoyed the experience from the minute we entered the place. Everything that we ordered was amazing! I am a vegetarian and there were enough options for me. I happened to mention to the hostess that we're celebrating our anniversary and the dessert was on the house. Yay! Loved it and would definitely go there again!
Truly as good as it gets. We had dinner on the early side (5:30) and if you like your restaurant a little less crowded, you'll have to go then because this place fills up fast. They do a good job with keeping tables spaced out so you're not dining with your neighbors. We had the lamb chops and the quail. Quail over Lamb Chops in my most humble opinion. The whole dish was so perfectly composed that I was awestruck. We also had the baked feta to start, which is quite possibly the best feta I've ever had. I do regret that we didn't stay for desert.I'm one for ambiance in a restaurant and Kokkari does not disappoint. Its beautiful rustic touches and details are followed through everywhere. I'm also one for not nosey service-- I thought the staff had a great balance of checking up on the table/ water refills. I dressed up, but my partner felt comfortable enough to wear jeans and a nice shirt. I think most people would feel a touch uncomfortable in a sweatshirt/sneakers here, but it's not 'frowned upon' by any means. An amazing experience.
Love this place! The zucchini cakes, the smelts & the lamb rivulets were absolutely delish. Lamb shank was awesome! Save room for dessert-- they have some of the best deserts ever. Spectacular service.
Great restaurant and atmosphere. Love to grab a seat at the bar and enjoy the great service, food and people watching. Only knock against them is wish they had larger portions since there food is very tasty.
This is one of My husband's favorite places! Excellent service and their food is very flavorful and moist -it really melts in your mouth! Most of their starters are good; it's hard to pick one as favorite. As for the main course, their Lamb chops are perfect.Suggestions: Always make a reservation. Valet Parking is available but we always get lucky with street parking. The only reason I'm knocking off 1 star because I'm not a huge fan of steaks and lambs, but that's totally the place to be for meat lovers like my hubby :)
Awesome! Thanks all I have to say.
Supremely D- lics -C- Us.-however, it was the most polished "upscale" Greek restaurant I had ever experienced, nor, ever having /yet/ been to Greece, had no point of reference.The staff was attentive to-the-point of nearly being intimidating.  .  .-but, we went for the food, which was nowhere, no how, in any way disappointing (well, for the $$$, we could've had two bites more of everything). Need we go on?Flaming Oozo 4 dessert?  -We really miss that other one on Divisadero Street = Minerva (right on the corner, in Greek blue&white. Now, THAT was my concept of a Greek place (fun & friendly)!OPA!
The food was good, but can't say it was anything too remarkable. It doesn't really stand out as very memorable, although I do remember the dessert was excellent. Besides the food, the service was very good and the staff seemed very friendly. We had dinner a bit before they closed, but we didn't feel rushed at all. By the time we finished, most of the restaurant had already cleared out except for a few other tables, and the staff had begun their closing activities. On our way out, nearly every employee we passed gave us a friendly smile, said goodbye, and thanked us for dining there. Overall, for the price, this restaurant provides what it should: a good meal and excellent service.
Wow, all I have to say is Wow. I really regret not discovering this place earlier, when I still worked in Embarcadero and had an expense account. This is really a power-lunch place filled with consultants and lawyers decked out in standard uniform khakis and blue starched shirts. Nevertheless, there's nothing stuffy or obnoxious about the place, in fact the decor, with comfy chairs and couches and gorgeous wood all around, makes it one of the nicest interiors I've ever dined in. And the food. Get the lamb riblets. Dressed in light olive oil and fresh thyme, they really just melt in your mouth. Their chicken rice soup with lemon and egg was also great. The octopus salad was amazing and I could eat anything off of the dessert menu. I am definitely coming back, with lots of friends, so that we can try everything on the menu.
If you like lamb, this is THE place. The lamb burger and the lamb chops are AS GOOD AS IT GETS. We went for lunch and it was really busy (in a nice way) and very lively. It felt like the place to be. Delicious food and very good service. The place looks really nice and we definitely feel like coming back when in the area.
This is the second of 2 restaurants I chose to dine at based on review from YELP and Fodors. I'm glad I decided to go. The Tuesday before I left for San Francisco, I called and made a reservation for that Saturday (9/13). To my surprise, I got a call Friday morning (I was already in town) confirming my reservation. Upon my arrival, I was greeted warmly and promptly shown to my table. After I was seated my waiter, Chris, came over and introduced himself. He asked if I wanted bottled or tap water. After making my choice, he returned with the water and olive oil (the bread arrived almost immediately after I sat down). He then gave me a few minutes to look over the menu. I was trying to decide between 2 appetizers and he suggested a 3rd, the roasted red peppers stuffed with Kefelegravia cheese. I was also torn between several wines, when he suggested the '07 Vina Godeval, Godello from Valdeorras. Too bad this didn't come in a half bottle. Both were great recommendations. Choosing an entree' was again a problem. Since I'd been in town, I already had steak and lamb and I didn't really want chicken. The woman at the table next to me had the grilled halibut and said it was delicoius. After hearing what the specials were, I decided on the halibut. While enjoying the peppers, a manager (or owner?) stopped by to check on how everything was going so far. Nice touch. The halibut arrived, accompanied by a succotash of grilled corn, squash and red peppers. After dinner, I had a cup of coffe. No Greek coffee for me, that stuff would make hair on a bald man grown. I decided that I needed to have dessert. I settled on Soklatina, a flourless chocolate cake served with a dolop of fresh whipped cream. I was in heaven. I have no idea how the pastry chef did it, but the cake was about an inch high. I've never seen flourless cake that high before. While eating, I got to watch a guy make coffee the Greek way. He would put the coffee and milk in a little copper kettle and then set it in a large copper drum, that was filled with sand. The sand was heated by a fire underneath. The sand would then heat up the coffee/milk mixture. I had a great meal here and would return again. The service was exceptional and the food even better. When leaving, I went out to catch a cab, but since the restaurant is located in the Finacial district, and it was Saturday, there weren't any. The hostess called a cab for me, which arrived in about 5 minutes.I do have on gripe, though. Before packing, I made sure to check the dress code of each place I planned on going to. The dress code for Kokkari is dressy. Ladies, that does not mean capris and flip flops or jeans and a T-shirt and gym shoes.
what we ate:Spanakotiropita - traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill Horiatiki - classic Greek salad of tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, onion, oregano, olives & feta Moussaka - traditional casserole of eggplant, lamb, potato & yogurt bchamel Souvla Tis Emeras - today's rotisserie, LambSokolatina Flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream We drank a bloody mary and 2 glasses of Justin Cabernet. The spanakoturopita was our favorite. The lamb was soft and tender, the Moussaka reminded us of shepherd's pie.
Wow, pricey but excellent service and food!My sister and I came here for our pre-Thanksgiving dinner. The great thing about this restaurant is that's it's pretty accessible if you don't have a car, since it's a walking distance fromt the Embarcadero station. This restaurant is huge! What we ordered that night was the taramasalata, the chanterelle and haloumi, and goat stew (off menu, but be sure to ask your waiter about it, it's fantastic!). Our food came pretty fast considering that it was PACKED that night. The taramasalata was pretty tasty and filling for a starter, but the only strange thing about it is the bread that they serve alongside for dipping. Then came the chanterelles. Do order these, especially if you love mushrooms. The cheese does not overwhelm the mushrooms and compliments it perfectly. The main course however, is the thing to shout about. The goat stew with rice-shaped pasta (absorbs the flavour of the sauce, delish!) is served in a mini clay dish, still simmering, dotted with generous servings of feta and has the strong fragrance of herbs. Although we couldn't finish (the goat stew is very filling), definitely do pack up any goat stew leftovers; it's just as fantastic the next day. We finished our dinner with Greek coffee, which was pretty interesting (in a good way). The waitstaff were very friendly and courteous, and not snooty like you would usually expect in more expensive restaurants, which is a great plus.The only con about this place is that you have to take a lift to get down to the washrooms, and it moves at a glacial pace. Meh.
Fancy digs for sure and nice place to impress the inlaws. we arrived at 9ish, table was great, but we ordered some starters and the food flew out like off the kitchen wihin minutes. In fact before our drinks. Not cool at all when your at a high end place.. server was nice and a pro food very good- but very meat focused, main courses were not too veggie savvy.. (bummer for us i guess) wine really good:$$$$ dessert baklava: Great. Manager: good dude: host: nice and cool: i'd go back yes, but only around 8, kitchen was in a rush.
I can't say if this was good or bad.I can say it was fancy, expensive and in experience. They serve lots of guts or organs so if you like being experimental well, here's a place to do it.
Simple - just go. Grab some friends. Order anything on the menu. Order a glass of wine. Sit and enjoy for the next few hours. Whether you are a local or tourist, you will enjoy this place.
Possibly the best lamb chops I've ever had (and I like my lamb chops).After starting off the meal with a hearty hummus and pita platter with three spreads, pickled vegetables, and stuffed grape leaves, I enjoyed an indulgent and satisfying lamb chop meal. The two medium-sized lamb chops were seasoned to perfection and finished with a crisp crust. The succulent meat was cooked medium rare as requested and served with golden brown fingerling potatoes. There were no heavy sauces or strong flavors to take away from the naturally savory taste of lamb. Both of my colleagues had the grilled octopus salad, which looked and smelled delicious (though I did not deign to eat off their plates since we were on a business lunch). The unadorned wood furniture and decor evoked the ambience of a rustic country kitchen and set the stage for a fresh and delicious meal. To top it off, our attentive and amiable waitress had a great sense of humor and not a glimmer of snobbery.
Still love this place. Been here an additional 3 times since my first visit. Food is always spectacular and service and ambiance has always been great. I keep this place in mind for special occasions/nice dinners with friends. Do what everyone else does and order LOTS of appetizers. :)
Great food. I love the dip/spreads (particularly the favosalata's smokey flavor). The entrees are big, the rotisserie chicken is excellent. The wine list is long and has good variety (and some hidden gems). The corkage is good (particularly if they continue to have it be free with the purchase of a bottle of wine). I prefer to sit at the bar or in the front room (upholstered, armed dining chairs give an illusion of privacy). The back room is loud and for the price, too common. This, and the difficulty of getting a dinner reservation are the reason for the four stars. The private room downstairs is a terrific place to have an intimate dinner for eight or so people (don't be deterred by the fact that the restrooms are across the hall).Specific food recommendations:Appetizers: Favosalata, zucchini cakes, dolmas (I normally can't stand them, but here they are great!), roasted/baked shrimp, and stuffed calamari.Entrees: Roasted/rotisserie chicken, fish, and rotisserie pork or lamb.
How I have neglected you Kokkari. In my never ending quest to nitpick on food/service gone wrong I failed to give you the stars you deserve (like you need it). You are the number two reason I miss working in the FiDi (number one reason is having three malls nearby lol). I miss long recruiting lunches pretending like I care but really just jumping at every chance to come here (and expense it!). I miss ordering every dessert on the menu. I miss stuffed calamari. I even miss trying to delicately balance on your slippery floors in my stilettos.  But most of all I miss the gigante beans. Had some from Whole Foods the other day and wasn't the same.One day we will meet again Kokkari, one day.
Kokkari offers great dining experience.The restaurant is probably one of the most elegant place in the city. It is very clean and the atmosphere is great.The food: being Greek, I can tell you that some of the dishes are traditional, some a bit less.The must-try: saganaki, shrimps, the meatballs, their lambs dishes and their delicious baklava. The flourless cake is fantastic!The dolmades are not great unfortunately. The moussaka was a bit too meaty for my taste. I wish they put more eggplant and potatoes. I strongly recommend Kokkari but be prepared: the place is very popular and busy!
best greek restaurant I've ever been to. Went her with my girlfriend. we both loved it! It is a bit on the pricey side, but still worth it.
Ok let me premise this review by the fact that I have been to Greece several times, and have eaten at good restaurants there. The Greek food here is better and more authentic. Yes I realize this sounds silly, but this is the best Greek food going. I have had most of their apps and they do not disappoint. Indeed I have made several meals out of simply ordering apps. Fried smelt and dips are exceptional.For entrees they rock. Daily fish is always good, and whatever is roasting will not end up in a doggy bag. This is good food people--pay attention. I had the single best restaurant dessert ever here. It was some sort of berry thing with cream and cake. Simple, in season and perfect.  Note well the following. They serve fish with bones and the head attached-- it's ok, it was a fish it's supposed to look that way. It ain't cheap. Sorry. Save yourself a couple of mediocre meals, eat at home and come here once every quarter. Parking sucks, use the valet. And if you drink the outstanding Greek coffee expect to catch some late night tv.Also, they have really decent Greek wine selection, just ask the ultra friendly owner to pour something interesting.
Hands-down, one of my top favorite restaurants in SF. Prices are quite reasonable for the quality of food and service.
Kokkari is an amazing experience. Please rush to this restaurant. Everything including service and food is amazing. As good as everything was I can't escape the grilled calamari stuffed with feta. I will be back soon!
Terrific food with excellent octopus and prawn appetizers. Mains included a spit roasted Peking duck and their signature lamb chops. Interesting Greek wines if you wish but plenty of other options. Our waiter a bit over the top- but friendly and happy to suggestions- just a bit distracted/spacey-joked he had ADHD - probably did.....
The hubby and I turned four yesterday and decided to celebrate at Kokkari. We got 7:30p reservations and were seated in the front room (highly recommended by the way). I started with a glass of Prosecco which was delicious, not too sweet. We ordered Saghanaki and Kalamari to start. Something about grilled, melted cheese doused in oil and lemon brings smiling and giggling. The calamari was great, stuffed with feta and rounded out with the acidity from fenal and orange. I really want to come back and try more of the small plates but we opted for entrees this evening.Hubby had the lamb chops, perfectly seasoned and cooked to a proper medium. I ordered the fish, which was grilled, deboned and served with the head. The Chipmunks "Fish Head Song" kept running through my head the whole time I enjoyed it (the Prosecco and wine probably helped it along). It was a light flaky white fish and I couldn't pronounce the name of it even if I remembered it. I ordered a glass of the Santirini white which was an amazing pairing. We ordered Greek coffee, which was the only ehh part of the night, and debated over flourless chocolate cake and the semolina custard in filo. Our waiter told us to go with the cake and brought out the custard filled filo on him! Ahh, so sweet. Plus, while the cake was to die for, rich and moist and of course chocolaty, I couldn't pull myself away from the other dessert. It was like a creme brulee Hot Pocket!! So delicious. Thanks Lyle, everyone said you were good. We thoroughly enjoyed our time here and I know we'll be back,
Probably my FAVORITE restaurant in SF, definitely in the top 3! Beautiful interior, impeccable service, delicious food. The food is divine, fresh...literally every single thing I've eaten there, and I've been a bunch of times. We've been seated once in the front room next to the rustic fireplace, as well as in the back room, which is a big space. Have not tried the private rooms but feel like it would be a great place to celebrate a special occasion. I think I like the food here better than the food in either Athens or Santorini :) Definitely highly recommended!
If you are in San Francisco you got to go there. Wonderful service, incredible Mediterranean food in a great atmosphere.
SO good.Between 5 people we had 6 appetizers, 6 entrees, and 3 desserts. Needless to say, I was stuffed. These are the dishes that we ordered: Zucchini Cakes - with cucumber & mint yogurt dressingWood Oven Roasted Prawns - with tomato sauce & feta cheeseGrilled Calamari - stuffed with feta, fennel & orange with black olives Grilled Octopus - with lemon, oregano & olive oil Grilled Lamb Riblets - with lemon & oregano Grilled Meatballs - with oregano, orange & tomato-green olive compote Kokinisto me Manestra - aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra Arnisia Paidakia - grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoesPsari Psito - traditional grilled whole fish with braised greens, lemon & Cretan olive oilBaklava - traditional walnut & honey baklava with vanilla-praline ice creamKokkari Sundae - chocolate & vanilla ice cream with hot fudge, whipped cream & toasted hazelnutsBerry pudding - mixture of assorted berries topped with whipped cream I especially liked the zucchini cakes and the octopus appetizers, and the lamb chops are my absolute favorite entree. Everything was well-prepared and our waiter was very nice and attentive.This place is actually owned by the same people as Evvia in downtown Palo Alto, but Kokkari is much larger with multiple dining rooms and even a few private rooms.
EVERYTHING at this restaurant is delicious! Everything from the freshly baked bread to the roasting *special* on a spit in the fireplace oven. EVERYTHING, even the fish, is amazing. I'm incredibly partial to the lamb and this place is perfect for "family style" sharing. Don't miss out on the incredibly tasty appetizers too! If you have never had Greek food before, this is a great place to experience it. I really doubt you will be disappointed by the food. The restaurant itself is really pretty and has a larger back room where there are huge tables that can accommodate large parties. They also have a private room downstairs for private parties.
Went to Kokkari with a group the other day. I was very pleased. It's greek but with a bit more middle eastern influence. It's hardly pure, traditional greek. The ambiance reflects this. Had the lamb shank which was braised with cinnamon. Delish! Can't wait to try that technique at home. Since it was a large group, lots of of appetizers circled the table. All were wonderful.
I went here on Saturday (night of the Chinese New Year Parade), so we were late for the reservation, but the hostess was nice enough to say that it should be okay if we were late. I would say that the service at this restaurant is stellar. Everything the waiter recommended was very good. I had the zucchini cakes, saghanaki, and octopus for appetizer. The lamb chops were very good and not gamey at all. The dessert was really yummy too. It was a custard filled filo dough with creme fraiche ice cream. All in all I really enjoyed the meal and everything tasted really good. The only weird thing that happened was when I got my leftovers I guess some bread had fallen into my bag and when I went home to put the leftovers in the fridge, some of the bread pieces had bites in them. No biggie!
7.21.12 with 1 otherfirst time here and what a great experience at Kokkari from the service to the food. our waiter was friendly and the atmosphere was great. We shared the Kalamari, salmon special, and Kotopoulo Souvlas (chicken).everything was seasoned very well and we both enjoyed it with no complaints.we also shared dessert - baklava and Galaktoboureko (custard filled filo), so yummy.what crept me out was that you have to go down this small elevator to get to the restrooms. it was like going down to the dungeons.
This review is for an attempt to book Kokkari for private dining. My family and I wanted to have dinner in Kokkari's Hania Room after my wedding. During my attempts to reserve the space, Kokkari proved difficult to work with and unresponsive. Their answers to emails were curt and unhelpful. It was enough to change my mind about choosing Kokkari for such a special event. In the end, we dined at Farallon instead. - And I'm so glad we did! Farallon exceeded expectations in every way, - so turns out this had a happy ending (though not for my relationship with Kokkari).
i was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant a while back when i had the opportunity to visit some college friends during a trip back up to the city.. it was for a very dear friend of mine's birthday so we actually had the dinner party in a private room and i can say that it was one of the best planned, best eaten dinners that i've been to in a while. kudos to her sig other for setting up a great night!for appetizers, we had a quite a few from the appetizer menu and everything was delicious but what i still remember to this day is the pita. their pita bread is to die for and i have never had anything like it before.. and i have yet to find anything like it anywhere else. it's basically why i am now writing this review. you must must try the pita. our entrees were also very solid. the flavors were full yet not over powering. i think everyone at the party basically finished everything that was set out.. it was great food with of course great company. and to top off the great food, our server was exceptional and very attentive.. would definitely recommend having dinner or a intimate dinner party here!
I continue to frequent this restaurant and bring people from out of town there. It is always a hit, and still my favorite. Great service, terrific ambiance and the food is awesome, especially for the reasonable prices. LOVE!
Best Greek in SF
Awesome open kitchen. The lamb shank is amazing
Trendy upscale restaurant in a nice space. Service was great. Ambiance was okay...a bit too noisy for a fine dining restaurant. As for the food, much better Greek food can be had with a lot less money.
The restaurant decor is amazing. The staff are so friendly and accommodating. We arrived late for our reservation and 2 more decided to join us so we had to increase the reservation from 4 to 6 the hostess accommodated us no problem. The waiter was so nice and made several suggestions for appetizers, we decided to let him select the appetizers while we decided on the entrees. Appetizers lamb riblets artichoke skewers persimmon and cheese salad Entrees lamb chops lamb -- not the chops sea bass Everything was amazing! The food was so good. You will not be disappointed. Everything is so good but get the lamb chops.
I ate here for my 3 year anniversary dinner and i loved it. We had Edward as our waiter, really nice and personable, and he got funnier the more wine i had. The food was amazing from begining to end. We ordered:Fried cheeseFresh Peach SaladStuffed Calamari -Aged Bone In Rib Eye - so huge, must shareGoat Stew ---to die for!!!Granita and yogurt sorbet - perfect way to end your mealflourless chocolate cake - decadent
Visiting San Francisco in August, I was looking for a good lunch and came here on Yelp's glowing recommendation. I was not disappointed.I ate at the bar, starting with the watermelon and feta and having the lamb burger as my entree. Both were amazing (and memorable, obviously, since I'm writing this review two months after the fact). The service was incredible. The bartender was warm, friendly and selected a nice wine to go with my meal. This is a pretty boring review, right? Blame them - the food, service and space were just that good. There's not a lot of entertainment value in a review about a good, solid, delicious meal served exactly as it should be by a staff that does their jobs exactly as they should. Everything was just spot on.
Alphabet Soup- K DinnerIt should be noted that I don't dole out 5 stars carelessly. Kokkari earned every one of those stars and is well worth the expense. The service was impeccable, and I highly recommend you request Abel as your server. He was not only attentive, considerate, humorous, and knowledgeable, (characteristics I think should almost be standard in a $$$ restaurant) but he also went the extra mile at every opportunity. From bringing us appetizer plates with extra servings to accommodate the size of our party to giving advice on where to find markets with inexpensive halloumi cheese (a crowd favorite prior to dining), Abel was amazing. The host also took time to come over and speak with us for no other reason than to ensure that we were well taken care of and having a good time.The decor is well though-out, authentic, and homey, with a hearth burning in the corner, setting the tone for you to cuddle in as you succumb to a seemingly home-cooked meal. As for the food-- wow. I can't add too much more than what has already been described as amazing in the 600+ reviews that proceed me. I had the moussaka and loved it, and don't generally even eat meat, let alone lamb! My restaurant club counterparts also raved about the lamb chop, lamb special, and halibut special. We also ordered almost every appetizer and every dessert on the menu, and I can't say a single bad thing about any of them.I am thoroughly impressed with Kokkari, and that is no easy feat given my admittedly high expectations. This place definitely lives up to the hype and I will surely dine here again! Thank you, Abel, for an amazing meal!
Simply delicious. Worthy of the hype. We had:Grilled octopus: amazing, I've never had octopus like this. It wasn't rubbery at all. Full of flavor and reminded me of the first time I tasted alligator in New Orleans. We also had the fried smelt dish. Superb! I couldnt eat the little heads so I gave them to my hubby but the skordalia (sp?) was delish as well. For entree I had the special: berkshire pork. A few pieces were good but mostly dry. Hubby had the lamb. I tell you, if you go to Kokkari, you better get the lamb, it's their speciality. The best frickin lamb ever. For dessert we had the polenta custard with fig preserves. Spot on... one of the best desserts we've had in a long time.
I took my boyfriend to Kokkari for his birthday recently and it was definitely a success. Pretty much everything was extremely good. We started with the Grilled Octopus per some recommendations I saw on other reviews, and wow, did they deliver! The most delicious, tender and smoky octopus ill probably ever have. I would say that it was my absolute favorite part and that anyone going there MUST get it. We also had an heirloom tomato, caper and feta salad. The feta was top notch...so buttery and creamy yet firm...yum. (side note...very excited tomatoes are back in season!)I had the lamb rotisserie, which was good. Tender, garlicky and flavorful, but not every slice was as tender. I would probably have gotten the fish special in hindsight. My boyfriend got the Lamb Chops, which was definitely the winning choice. Perfectly cooked inside and charred on the outside. There was a great wine selection and our waiter's pairing recommendations were spot on. Where he really earned his points was when he brought out a free dessert with a candle and "Happy 27th Birthday Austin" written in chocolate on the plate. Score!The atmosphere was very nice, including the extremely well done and tasteful decor, however it was slightly loud (although likely due to the fact that there was a table of 30 suits right next to us). Teh check came out to $150 + tip for 2 apps, 4 glasses of wine and 2 entrees, but ive done worse damage. Overall, great experience but I probably wont go back since there are so many other places of that stature to go to in SF. Definitely worth a try though.
i left here feeling sooooo good about my dinner! our server was SO nice (and very tall) and had no problem repeating the specials to me multiple times. i didn't feel rushed, all the food came at the perfect time. love it.onto the food: the zucchini cakes were fantastic. really creamy inside and crisp on the outside. we also got calamari stuffed with feta..it was interesting but grilled calamari is too chewy for my liking in general. the main dishes: wow!! mousakka was delicious, but sooo rich i could never order it without splitting. and the rib-eye was perfect. i rarely order red meat, but i saw it at a nearby table and just HAD to have it. we finished off with the special of baklava ice cream which was fantastic as well.all this, a bottle of wine, and a ton of leftovers: $140. and totally worth it.
This is a great restaurant, delicious food, but pricey. So come on the corporate card and enjoy yourself.Went here on a Tuesday for lunch with a table of 6, and the final bill was a whopping $400.The apps are delicious but tiny, you really need one between two people. The main courses are much more reasonable, and some amazing flavors. Breakdown on the meal was as follows:Spanakotiropita (filo pies = $8.50 for four) = very niceKalamari = $7.50 = amazingGrilled Octopus = $11.75 = not that greatGrilled Lamb Riblets = $9.25 = amazingGrilled Meatballs = $7.5 = very niceGrilled Lamb Chops = $21 = amazingPlus a glass or two of wine, a couple of shared desserts, and it all adds up. Overall, if you can afford it, this is a great restaurant with some amazing dishes.
I've been here so many times but haven't written a review. I figured I really should since I do like this place a lot. I just went yesterday during lunch for a bday celebration. It was, like always, very good! I've had many dishes here including their zucchini cakes, spanakotiropita, grilled calamari, grilled prawns, grilled octopus, lamb riblets, grilled meatballs, watermelon and feta, a block of cheese which I don't know the name of (and wasn't too fond of since it was so salty), all of their spreads, sole, moussaka, and their roast of the day. As for desserts, I have tried their custard w/filo, summer pudding and rice pudding. Some notable dishes for me include the zucchini cakes; spanakotiropita; I'm not a huge fan of lamb but I do enjoy having a couple lamb riblets (can't have too many); and their watermelon and feta appetizer is very good! It is really refreshing and the contrast in texture and flavor is actually very complimentary. I know...oxymoron! My fav spread is their yogurt spread...I love spreads! As for the main courses, the moussaka was very memorable and delicious. It is definitely heavy but good. The sole is good but nothing toooo special. The daily roast was yummy when I went...it was pork. I've heard their rib-eye is delicious so I'll try that next time. Out of the desserts, I like the custard the best tho I haven't tried as many desserts. I wasn't too huge on the rice pudding.
Good food, nice ambiance, tad snooty service - it felt like this place was designed to be a 'scene'. Food was good, especially the Zucchini Cakes, Roasted Prawns, and Gigantes. Imho, this place is a tad over-hyped.
I love Kokkari. I usally come here at least once a week its The classiest restuarant ..And they have best sea bass ever.
Make a reservation on OpenTable and you will be whisked to your seat nearly immediately - pray that said seat is not in the noisy front room (unless you disdain being able to conduct a conversation with your tablemate(s) in which case this is exactly where you want to be). The house-made pita bread is so good - which causes one to wonder how the nearly tasteless stuff in grocery stores can get away with calling itself "pita". The Tzatziki is thick and marvelous - a fantastic way to begin your dining escapade. Tables are close together throughout the restaurant. Cross your fingers that the woman sitting next to you isn't a loudmouth (if she is, attempt to drown her out by completely immersing yourself in a conversation about Java, J2EE, XML, servlets and other sexy topics with your dining companion).Order lamb. Shank or chops - you'll be pleased, unless you don't eat lamb. Which begs the question, why have you come to Kokkari if you don't eat lamb? It is, after all, what they do best. I know because I was forced to overhear the loudmouth at the next table say she'd read that in her Zagat Guide. In all seriousness, I ate both and was impressed with both the preparations and the level of perfection at which each were cooked.For dessert get the yiaourti me meli (have someone with a Greek accent say this aloud to you for added pleasure). Trust me, you've never had yogurt this decadent. It is absolutely dessert-worthy.To complete this five star experience take the elevator ride to the bathroom.
Greek food outside of Greece doesn't get any better than this. I moved to San Francisco (in 1988) from Europe via Philadelphia and NYC. Obviously, great Greek food is rather easy to find in Greece, and there is an abundance of restaurants to choose from in the Western Europe and on the East Coast of the USA. Finding any Greek restaurants in San Francisco is a challenge however, and finding a great one is a hopeless cause. Until you find Kokkari. The ambiance is great, the prices are high but entirely appropriate, and the service is just right (friendly and responsive, not pushy or distracting). Above all: the food is fantastic. Authentic and fresh, Greek simplicity, but done to perfection. Just delicious! I am tempted to say: If you don't like the food here, you may just have to accept the fact that you don't like Greek food.
Omg. This place is worth it.
Went here last night for my wife's b-day!! Food was excellent... for appetizers we ordered the lamb riblets, the grilled octopus, and the zucchini cakes... all were delicious. We didnt see the specials on the menu but once we let our server know, he brought us a small plate of the roasted pork special for us to try!! for our entrees, the wife got the grilled halibut and i had the lambshank.... both very tasty, the risotto/sauce with the lamb was a bit salty but it was great with the fresh sourdough...The service was also fantastic... one of the few times i felt that giving a tip was earned. If possible, ask for Lennon!!
great food, great fun every time I am there..  the only complaint is the long waits and the seating area is a bit crowded, especially as its cold outside..   Otherwise, its one of my favorite places to dine when in San Francisco.
Place was hopping on a Tuesday night and for good reason. Service was prompt and unpretentious. Octopus appetizer and lamb chops rate with the best. Excellent overall.
I went here for dinner tonight with my friend. I have been wanting Greek food for a while and we picked the place at the last minute and went without reservations. They said they were full but we could have seats at the bar - which was fine by us. the bartender who got us our bottle of wine while we were waiting for two to open up helped us stalk out which pair would be leaving first so we could sit down. I almost had to give someone the shoulder but we got our seats :)First things first, the inside is awesome. We barely got to see the whole thing while we were there. There was a fireplace in the front room with chickens roasting. I did however feel a little under dressed in my jeans since we were dining with an after work crew.We decided to split a few appetizers rather than ordering a meal because we wanted to try a bunch of things. We got:* Classic Greek Salad* Pea salad with feta & cilantro (Isabelle's favorite)* Calamari stuffed with feta cheese, orange & fennel* Eggplant & Artichoke Skewer with Yogurt dipping sauce (my fav of all the apps - the sauce was delish).* Greek Yogurt with honey, walnuts & dates for dessert. This was my favorite thing of the meal and I would definitely get this again if I were to go back.It's a bit pricey but really good food in a warm, homey setting - I would love to go back here again sometime!
I have wanted to dine here for quite some time and haven't made it yet. I just called to make a reservation and so far they have only 1 star. The hostess was rude and did not ask any questions, but waited for me to have to tell her everything. I paused briefly and she said, "Hello??" She was impatient, interrupted me to say "Hold Please," then put me on hold without asking and rushed me off the phone. I asked for a good table since it was my dad's birthday and she begrudgingly said "She'd put in a request." Total snot. So far, NOT so good. I'm trying to get into Slanted Door(which is totally full) so I may not end up trying this place next weekend after all.
Wonderful!! We will be back ASAP!!
These guys are a class act.
I was taken here for my bday, and the food was awesome. The meat fell off the lame shank in large delicious chunks.They also comp'ed the dessert because it was my bday!
Great place! Upscale Greek. Food and service five star. The octopus appetizer was nice and crisp...outstanding. Of course, when we saw the whole lamb cooking on the spit with potatoes being cooked underneath in the lamb drippings, we had to have that. And we were not disappointed!! Outstanding! This is a BIG restaurant but the service left nothing to be desired. In a city full of great restaurants, it will be hard not to go back here on our next visit to SF.
If you're looking for a restaurant that has great food, refined dining room decor and impeccable service without a lot of pretense, than Kokkari is the place to go. Trust me, in a city with a cornucopia of "casual" fine dining options (all with steep fine dining prices of course), I'd take the white table linens and friendly service at Kokkari, any day. It's a value thing, really.What do I mean? Well, when you first step in the first thing you notice is how luxurious everything looks in the natural lighting that imbues everything from all sides. Then as the host takes you to your seat, you'll notice the quaint bread station, the open kitchen with its wonderful smells and the long chef's table that gives the main dining room an authentic but refined rustic feeling. There is no fake Greek theme feeling here.The menu is a trip if you're not familiar with Greek food. I distinctly remember being quite lost the first two times I've been there. But not to worry - the wait staff is very helpful and is quick to provide recommendations. The portions are fairly generous. The last time we went, my friend and I had the combo appetizer (their Tzatziki and Dolmathes are amazing), the jumbo prawn feta dish (very tasty and fresh), a classic Greek salad to share, and for our main dish my friend had the spinach feta ravs and I had the roasted chicken. The chicken was tasty, but I can't say it was amazing (not like Zuni's chicken, but then again, it wasn't fifty bucks, either). Needless to say, we were stuffed! The only unfortunate thing that happened during my last visit there was that I asked the busboy who cleared the table to box my entre as I barely had touched it (I was pretty full) and I think he forgot. The chicken had flown the coop! I'm sure if I had said anything they would have offered to bring me a whole new entre, but I was too impatient to wait and I really didn't feel like carrying anything back with me anyway.
The cutest little restaurant (which is not so little) with great decor and open fireplaces. The food is pretty yummy, probably some of the better Greek food I've had, though it's hard to judge without my Greek coworker here to approve everything (he is still in London).The prices reflect the location so don't be surprised if you find yourself spending $30 for lunch. But since it includes a shared appetizer and dessert I think it's very filling.Bike Parking: no designated bike parking, I just lock up to the stop sign right outside the front door.
I took my mom here for dinner when you came to visit San Francisco, the service here was great and so was the food. I was curious about the grilled octopus but didn't end up ordering it. The waiter was nice enought to bring us out an appetizer size portion of it at no charge! Kokkarai has a great wine list and if you like Greek food you can't go wrong.
As the long celebrated month of May comes to an unwarranted end.....what better way to reflect on how the past year has come and gone and in the same train of thought look forward to what prosperity tomorrow may have to share. I can think of no better way than dinner out.....dinner out in the city..........dinner out in the city @ Kokkari. I've been hearing about this place...and with a billion and one reviews by every yelper and their mama....I guess it was my turn up at bat. As usual.....fashionably half an hour late to our own reservation and yet they still let us in. I do like the open and high ceilinged spaces. I don't know why but I couldn't help but notice the wooden facade of the ceiling...or is it? I did hear that the venue is larger than it appears....with another large dining area and an elevator leading to more rooms of culinary bliss. Good Lawd!!!! The food was appealing, aromatic, and plentiful. I had the rotissery special......there must be pilipinos in Greece because I didn't know lechon could taste that good. Hmmmmmmmm!!! A lil bite of what everyone had to eat....and I was in heaven...a lil chicken here....a bit of feta there.......sweet n glorious grilled mussels and shrimp......and can't forget those lamb riblets...OMG! And don't get me started on the the baklava ice cream....no, I don't mean baklava with a scoop of ice cream on top of it.....I'm talking ice cream.....with baklava in it..........drenched in honey goodness. OH YEAH!!!!
I've lost track of the number of times I've come here for lunch. They are solid when it comes to food and service. I love their pita bread and the spreads; especially the eggplant and yogurt ones. For the most recent visit, I ordered the octopus salad. It was okay, the dressing was more on the tart side. However, I have had their lamb and cheese dishes and these are worth ordering over and over again.Next time, I think I'll go for the lamb chops.
Went here tonight on a business dinner with a total of 20 folks. They accommodated us very easily and it was a pleasant experience. They had a predetermined menu which didnt allow us to really sample some of the gems on the menu, but the one dish that we had that stood out in my mind was their charred ribeye. It was flavorful, done perfectly and melted in my mouth. I even asked our server if there was any left for me to have a second helping. Sadly, there was no more. I definitely would like to go back and try some of the other menu selections and see what tantalizing treats may await!
I really love the food at Evvia, the sister restaurant in downtown Palo Alto, so I decided to try this place out. 1) Location - great location, right on the corner of Jackson and Front Street and very easy to find. Just a stone's throw away from Embarcadero 1. Valet parking is available for $8. 2) Lunch Menu - The menu is the same as Evvia's. Although I didn't see the larger spanikopita lunch entree (I think it's called something sandwich), but we ordered the spanikopita (I know I'm missing two syllables) appetizers and they were good and exactly the same as Evvia's. I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki and it came with four pieces of grilled pita bread as well (well, one big piece cut into four pieces). The beef dish was pretty good - it was the lunch special not on the menu - so please ask your waiter. It came with pilaf rice and potatoes as well. 3) Service - The service was great even though my lunch partner was in a White Sox cap, jeans, and flip-flops *sigh* (Thank God I was wearing a sweater cardigan and knee-length suit skirt). We sat in the larger backroom with more tables so there was more people-watching to do and the waiter would constantly come by the table to see if we needed anything. 4) Reservations - You need reservations to this place during lunch, even on the weekdays. I looked for times on opentable.com two hours before lunchtime and they only had 11:45 a.m. and 1:30 p.m. available on a Thursday. So plan ahead!
Highly recommended.This is a perfect restaurant for group meals in San Francisco. Try the lamb shank - it's superb.
This place is fantastic! As soon as we walked in, the hosts took care of us. They were so attentive and got us everything before we even asked (i.e. forks, spoons, new plates... etc.). The service, I have to give five stars. The food was so delicious! I'm usually not into mediterranean, but this will make me a convert. I had a series of fish, ravioli, and an awesome lamb dish called Arnisia Paidakia. The lamb was perfectly tender and not overcooked or dry. Fantastic! Great place to take a date too!
Amazing food, place, and atmosphere. I have never had food taste so good.
I love Greek food, and I had an amazing lunch here today. We started with a bunch of appetizers - dolmas, spanikopita, and feta cheese. All were wonderful. My entree was delicious - I had the lamb souvlaki, and I've never had such perfect lamb before. The pita and cucumbers that accompanied it were delicious, too. My only complaint: I would have loved more tzatziki to dip it all in. I could eat that stuff by the bowl. Being that this was a work lunch however, I held back!The place is big, with comfortable booths and seats, and it was packed. Our waitress was friendly and attentive.A bit pricey, and of course it's easy to be happy with your meal when the big corporation you work for is footing the bill. But I would totally come back here on my own dime - it's worth a splurge.
Flamed cheese and fried smelt is what earned the 3 stars. Waitress was off settling cold. We wanted to try the daily special but were informed 10 minutes after trying to order it that it was sold out. Note to waitress, never judge a book by it's cover....
The zucchini cakes were great and our server was super nice. Lamb and wood oven roasted fish both had great texture but the dishes were completely overpowered by lemon and herbs. We couldn't actually taste the lamb or the fish themselves which was too bad. I think we're just going to stick with good 'ole steakhouses for lamb chops in the future.
Overrrrrrrrated.Oh my, duck should never be undercooked! There is a layer of FAT and with undercooked meat it is just foul!And the lamb was OVERcooked.Good atmosphere but...oh boy. 3 stars because cocktails and ambience and service were all good. Food was not. So many excellent restaurants in SF, this should not be were you decide on!
I think Kokkari is a 3.5-star kinda place, and for whatever reason I feel like rounding down today.I've been to Kokkari several times, most recently last night. What I've noticed with the food is that the small plates are almost all good, entrees are inconsistent, and dessert is excellent. The service is kind of a mixed bag too.For starters, the greek salad, zucchini cakes, and dolmathes are all very tasty. The kalamari is good too, if you like non-fried calamari.Last night the daily rotisserie was Napa Valley lamb. It was ok, really nothing special, although the potatoes that came with it were delicious. I think that their regular lamb shank is better, as is their ribeye. I've had a whole fish here before and also remember that not being very good. Hence the inconsistency in the entrees.Desserts are money. Last night I had the galaktoboureko, which is awesome. That greek coffee they serve up is wonderful as well, you have to try it if you like coffee.As for service, I thought it was ok. I felt like our water glasses weren't refilled often enough. Also, while everyone was nice, there seems to be a certain smugness pervading the staff. It's as though they make an effort to be cognizant of Kokkari's status as one of the top 10 most booked places on OpenTable. I think that's why I rounded the 3.5 down instead of up.If ambiance is important to you, then I'd say this is a 4-star place, because I think the decor is very nice and that the restaurant is just very comfortable and inviting.
Kokkari is fun mainly because it looks like a huge log cabin. They have pots and pans hanging from the ceiling and a huge fireplace against the wall. I had to take the elevator to the bathroom, which was kinda funny/cool. My two favorite dishes were the fried smelts for appetizer and the moussaka. Both filled me up like no other. The moussaka's lamb was really good!
Came to San Francisco over the weekend and had to come to Kokkari. There was not one thing I could complain about.. The Mousakka and octopus appetizer were to die for. The drinks and atmosphere are to die for. 5 stars for Kokkari!
Service, perfect. Food quality, perfect. Atmosphere, perfect. Organization around seating and reservations and entrance, perfect.
Best lamb and greek food Ive had in SF by far. I usually get the Moussaka which is a lamb and feta cassarole or the lamb chops. Always pretty bust so make sure you make a reservation a week or so in advance. Fun atmosphere and extensive wine list. Ask for a table by the window if the weather is nice.
We'd been looking forward to visiting Kokkari's for a while now and we now join a long list of extremely satisfied diners. Wow. What an absolutely spectacular meal. From the infamous grilled octopus and freshly roasted asparagus & feta/dill crumbles, to the exquisite deboned branzino/dorado & seabass, and the culmination of the spectacular desserts paired with scaldingly terrific greek coffees, we're dumbfounded as to how excellent the entire experience was. Bravo, Paul, Robin, & Co.!
I love Kokkari. The bar is charming, as is the overall atmosphere. It is a consistent winner. I've been there several times, and it always at the top of my list.
Aside from the stuffed calamari, I can't really recommend specific dishes. I mean, everything is great, but - It's all Greek to me.For dessert, I recommend the molten eye candy. It's served at both lunch and dinner and typically comes with a collared shirt and an expense account.I was invited here for a Valentine's Day lunch: scandalously scrumptious.I brought my Bay Kid's Date Auction winner here: definitely divine.Only odd thing about this place is that the restroom is downstairs and requires an awkward elevator ride with other potty-goers.I've heard some say this place is over-priced, but I disagree. For the level of food, service, and flattering dim-lighting, I think the prices are right on point.
With a 4.5 stars rating after 600 reviews, I figured we couldn't go wrong. We met up with some friends for a dinner over Memorial Day Weekend expecting to have a feast for the ages.We were seated promptly as we had made reservations ahead of time. Greeted by the most friendly, attentive waiter you could hope for. Very nice, knowledgable, and ... just made us feel very comfortable. He advised us on some drinks (brought me some sort of Greek absynth that ended up being the highlight of our night!), and brought us a sampler of appetizers. The lamb ribs he brought were UBER fatty. I'm talking, 20% bone, 10% meat, 70% fat. The grilled octopus (that I had read about and was excited to try) tasted rubbery ... and ... well, rubbery. No particular flavor. My buddy and I split the fish for two plate ... it came with 8 amazing prawns ... but the fish itself was bland ... and the mussels on the plate tasted like they had been freshly peeled of Pier 39 that day (thats to say, they tasted like ugly sea water. YUCK!). We both grabbed the mussels straight away hoping for a good experience. We ate one each, and had them take away the remaining 12. Felt like it was going to make us both sick.The women ordered a greek salad and a ravioli dish respectively. The salad was fresh and solid, but nothing special. The ravioli was the winner at the table. My wife loved it. But with disappointing appetizers, bland fish, disgusting mussels ... the ravioli simply wasn't enough to salvage the trip for me.Ambiance was so-so. Felt like a pretty typical upscale restaurant. No particular greek feel to it. The three drinks I was served ended up making for a fun night, ... but as for the the restaurant itself ... I don't think I'll be back.
Absolutely love everything here! The service, ambiance, the FOOD!! Zucchini cakes, lamb chops, possibly the greatest dessert ever : creamy yogurt sorbet with fresh strawberry granita...Perfect! Make sure to have a reservation!
This place was way too hyped up for me. Another restaurant I've been dying to go to, so I decided to take someone special here to celebrate a milestone birthday. The food was good but not knocking my socks off. The service was phenomenal, especially since our waiter knew we were on a time crunch to catch a flight! We started w/ the Zucchini cakes which was tasty. For dinner, I had the rotisserie special of the day - duck (on the bone), and he had the short ribs - which was good, and better than my dish. The birthday boy selected the Fig Tart, which I was skeptical about but it ended up being soooo delicious! Our waiter was sweet and presented the dessert w/ a lighted candle & "Happy Birthday" writing on the plate.
This place is pretty large, but you get the feeling that you're in a quaint little rustic restaurant. The service is not bad here, but not great either. I definitely feel that for a fine dining establishment such as this that charges about 40 dollars per entree, you need to have staff that are just a bit more attentive. The food comes out pretty quickly here when you order and the portions are quite hearty so it might be a good idea to do several smaller plates and share an entree. For an appetizer we had the grilled octopus which I thought was very good, but a bit oily. We ordered the grilled lamb which were cooked to perfection and the special of the day which was a roasted pork. YUM! While the meats were indeed tasty, I feel like this restaurant has a tendency to douse everything in olive oil at the end which made it all kind of greasy. It was especially unnecessary with my dish since it had such a high fat content anyway. It wasn't bad, it just could have been better without. We had a bottle of Syrah to pair with the meal which worked out quite nicely. I did like the ambience of the restaurant, which isn't pretentious in any way. It was pretty romantic, although they really need to get rid of the awkward table in the corner that has a smaller table wedged in between the chairs. It feels like a kiddie table or that you're the odd man out. They tried to give us that table and we weren't having it. no sir.
Kokkari has to be one of the best dining experiences in San Francisco! I've been dropping in there for years, taking friends and family from out of town for the amazing food (the dipping sauces are just the beginning of what is almost sure to be one of the best meals you'll ever have).It's not cheap, but it's worth every dime!
Okay, I'm not the big fan of Greek food but WOW, Kokkari has won me over. Best lamb I have ever had. The stuffed calamari was out-of-this-world. The Baklava Ice Cream with Drizzled Honey was a dream. Now for some F words: Fantastic Food, Fantastic Service, Fantastic Ambience. I can't wait to ge back!
This place is fabulous!!! I am very picky about Greek food, and Kokkari couldn't have been more perfect. I went here for lunch and we ordered the following dishes:-Feta and Olives-Spanakotiropita -Kalamata Pita-Brussell Sprouts - YUM!!!!!!!-Greek Salad - simple, flavorful, and so fresh -Whole Fish (Sea Bass) - PERFECTLY prepared, light, the quality of the fish itself was superb-Lamb Souvlaki - this was the one dish I didn't love, but it was still really good-Moussaka-Greek Coffee (done exactly the right way)-Baklava (YUM!)-Pistachio Ice Cream On top of the great food, the service is wonderful. The waiters are so friendly and helpful and accommodating. Our water was always full and the food came out fast and piping hot.I will absolutely be coming here again to enjoy the fantastic food... I can't wait to bring my family here to experience what is truly the best meal I have had in San Francisco. You will not be disappointed.
We had been trying to come over to the City and try this restaurant and finally got a group together and went there last Wednesday.Can I just say that it was quite the culinary experience. Not only is the restaurant beautiful, but the food is INCREDIBLE! We opted for trying a lot of different dishes and sharing them, so we could taste more things. We let our server, Thomas, pick out what he thought we'd enjoy. He was not only knowledgeable and attentive to all details, but was also a pleasant addition to our group. He took excellent care of us and we could not have been more impressed with the diversity, beautiful presentation and combinations of Epicurian delights. TSome of us had their Old Fashioned cocktail at the beginning of the evening, which we all thought were done very well. We also enjoyed our red wine, which was a very niceTempranillo (also recommended by Thomas).I don't think you can go wrong with anything you might order. We must have ordered at least 10 different selections. Not one of us thought any of the dishes were anything but delicious.If you hadn't already guessed, I would highly recommend this restaurant which is right in the heart of the financial district. We even got parking a block away!!! We left satisfied, very full and very happy!!
So so so good! After reading all the 5 star reviews on Yelp, and listening to my co-workers brag about this place, we decided to give it try. I just knew I would like it. The restaurant is beautiful like your sitting in someone's beautiful living room (in Greece).We were seated promptly (note, make reservations on opentable cause it gets packed around lunch time). We all decided to order starters (to share) and wine, instead of having an entree. The Spanakotiropita arrived hot with the filo melting in our mouths. The spinach and feta were oozing out. I could have just a tray to myself!The zucchini cakes (good sized) were served with mint yogurt. My friend commented that it was the best she's ever had. The prawns and grilled meatballs were amazing as well. The kokkari potatoes were good too but overall, not my favorite. I thought it was going to be served differently but it was basic oven roasted potatoes seasoned with lemon and oregano. The wine list is extensive and we were able to pick out some glasses to try. We are working girls on a budget so this place is a "pay day place" or "business lunch on your office's card". I will definitely return! We were so stuffed we could hardly finish the baklava for dessert! Thanks Kokkari!
Service is mostly good, some servers are better than others. The food is delicious, especially the lamb chops!! Atmosphere is very nice.. best table in the house is in the main room right in front of the large fireplace. Perfect place to bring a date.
Love...great atmosphere. Favs:-great cocktails/wine list-lamb chops-lemon chicken soup-great appetizers
This city is not really crawling with greek places but Kokkari makes up for that. Why have 10 mediocre Greek restaurants when you can have 1 really, really good one. great ambiance.really, amazingly fresh food.All the seafood dishes are great.All the mezes are delish.Go there.
I went here for my birthday last week and it was fabulous! They were able to accommodate a 10-person reservation on a Friday night at 8:30 pm. While the table wasn't quite ready when we arrived, it took under 5 minutes for us to be seated. We ordered a plethora of appetizers (mezzes) which were all delicious including the zucchini cakes, watermelon with feta (!), roasted asparagus with feta, roasted artichoke and eggplant skewers, fresh pita with tzatziki, meatballs, spanakotiropita, calamari and 2 soups: lentil and egg-lemon chicken. Everything was SO GOOD. I think my favorite was the watermelon and all the roasted vegetables, but everything was so good I can't decide! Our server Vanessa was very attentive and super helpful with selections, including the bottles of wine we ordered. She was an excellent waitress. At the end of the meal, they served me an amazing dessert of galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with apricots & crme frache ice cream. The dessert was like HEAVEN. I would definitely recommend the restaurant to anyone, and I want to go back immediately!
This place is truly special. I've only been for lunch, the food was great, the atmosphere is wonderful and unique, reminds me of being in the Hobbit's cabin, in a good way, Lots of heavy wood. Huge dining area is always full at mealtime. Go here if you ever get the chance.
Delicious greek dining in a comfortable and roomy atmosphere. Rub elbows with SF celebrities, saw both Willie Brown and Gavin Newsom last time. On the pricey side.
Had a reservation here last night at 5:30. But by 5 , we were already close by and didn't know what else to do until then. Luckily, the restaurant was already open for drinks so we didn't have to hover outside their door for half an hour. Once inside, we were quickly brought to our table and our drink orders taken. And though we were told that food orders will not be taken until 5:30, we ended up ordering and having food served to us before then! Such a happy surprise!! We ordered the lamb riblets, a dish that we had a few years back when we came here for the 1st time and I have dreamt of it since then. Though I dreaded that it may not live up to the expectation I have for it this time around, I am happy to report that it was just as I had hoped it would be. It was perfectly tender, smoky and packed with flavor. We also ordered the roasted potatoes (also good), watermelon salad (my partner loved this dish), baby octopus with tomato sauce (tasted very similar to what I can get from a can) and zucchini cakes (very disappointingly uninteresting and bland to me, somewhat only salvaged by the yogurt dressing). And, though we were quite full after all the appetizers, I am very susceptible to visual suggestions and looking at their roast special of the evening - the duck - turning around and around in their fireplace somehow allows my stomach to still have room for this entree. And it was a big portion of half a duck with more roasted potatoes. Ultimately, I can only fit 2 pieces into me. But I am still happy to have ordered it and to have leftovers to enjoy!! We finished off with 2 cups of Greek coffee (which has an unerring resemblance to Turkish coffee) served sweet. A perfect dessert.The service here is impeccable from bussers to hosts and everyone else in between. The space is elegant and spacious. A real fine dining establishment and I can't wait to go back!
I sampled several appetizers. Stuffed calamari were excellent as well as lamb riblets, some of the the most succulent and tender I ever had. Zucchini cakes were well prepared but unimpressive. Roasted scampi, good. But I was definitely let down by the grilled octopus. I LOVE octopus, so I tend to order it whenever it is on the menu. This one was way chewy, almost hard. I guess a bit of overcooking is the price to pay to appease the American taste, but that was just too much for such a fine restaurant. Rice pudding for dessert was fantastic!Got a bottle of satisfying Sauvignon-Blanc. Service was impeccable. Ambiance, music, all very pleasant.
Highly classy and enjoyable atmosphere. Food flavor is fresh and original - not too light or too heavy. Oh, and everyone who's anyone in the financial district comes here occasionally.# of visits: 3 (lunch, lunch, dinner)Food: lamb chops, halibutPrice: ~$35/person without wine
Average food with great ambiance ambiance and great service. We would not go there again to have good food but would go again to have good time. Though I have to say that we are originally from Turkey and we have pretty high standards for good greek/turkish/mediterrean food. We had:appetizer: - grilled octopus (4 stars out of 5) - octopus was tender. after dipping it into olive oil that we asked on the side and adding salt, it was yummy. - tzatziki (5 stars) - a must get- wood oven roasted prawns (3 stars - they were shrimps more than prawns)- Greek salad (1 star) - big chunks of very cold tomato+cucumber pieces which did not taste like anything. Costco tomatoes and cucumbers taste much better. entree:- quails (1 star) - did not taste like anything to me but my husband said it was average.dessert: - baklava (4 stars) - the homemade praline ice cream that comes with baklava was awesome!- galaktoboureko (3 stars)Oh also, it is an extremely popular place. If you want to have dinner at a reasonably time, make sure to make a reservation couple of weeks before or otherwise you may end up having dinner at 10 at night like us :)
Incredible! One of my favorite restaurants in the Country! I have had almost everything on the menu and every time I'm in S.F. can't wait to go back. The chicken and vegetables are infused in Lime juice and everything is marinated with fresh herbs that I understand are grown on the premise? The culinary experience is amazing, the ambience is warm and elegant and never pretentious. The prices are very reasonable. Make reservations far in advance because you will not get a table 1-2 days out. If you find yourself without a table I recommend you arrive at around 5pm and run to the bar. They serve the full menu and you wont leave San Francisco without the experience. Service is as classy as the city of S.F.
Clearly a "People Love Us on YELP" storefront post would not suffice here. Unless they plaster the Kokkari building with a mural of those stickers, their fan base would not be adequately represented. 640 + 1 (me) fans agree that the food and service at Kokkari are top notch.Everything was prepared to perfection- meaning all the flavors were exactly as you'd anticipate them to be and then some. At many other restaurants, more often than not, the flavor of a dish isn't EXACTLY as your mind wishes it to be. Usually, you get something close to par, but never quite there. Your brain then compensates for the half-second of mild disappointment by lowering your standards. Something along the lines of, "Hm, this is pretty good- not bad- we should come back here to try other things on the menu that might be better" is the next thing your brain will dictate you to say. NOT SO AT KOKKARI. This beautiful restaurant with its doting and knowledgeable servers is a true delight. The decor is arranged with only one thing in mind: a guest's comfort. The boy and I felt so at home in this exquisite setting- even the aromas of the open kitchen put us in such a sublime mood. Everything from the zucchini cakes to the lamb chops to the apricot pastry desserts were heavenly to enjoy. We finished every morsel of each dish ordered. (*For a real kick to your taste buds, try the Greek coffee with your desserts.*)I now understand why it is so difficult to book a table here on a Friday or Saturday night. The wait was truly worth it.
Excellent atmosphere and service combined with tasty Greek food that is presented very well. It's not as pricey as you'd expect, but wait times can be long if you don't have a reservation.
Great food, but also pricey.
First, the food is excellent. Everything we had, from appetizers to entree to dessert and coffee, was excellent. The service was downright fun - try to get seated in Max's area. ;) We had the zucchini cakes and spani...whatever for appetizers. The zucchini cakes lived up to their reputation - they were excellent.All four of us had the Souvla special for dinner - lamb with Kokkari potatoes - and it was outstanding.Overall, I recommend this as a dining experience without reservation.But speaking of reservation, MAKE ONE. We didn't. We go there around 7:30ish, and the hostess told me for 45 minutes that they were just waiting for some people to get up. And told me. And told me. It was a longish wait, and frustrating, but worth it in the end.
Why did I take so long to come to this place? Man, it was an awesome culinary experience. I had the lemon-egg soup which was awesome and the special, which was a pork gyro. This Gyro was a little bigger than a Chipotle burrito. And the pork and other ingredients were just awesome. The gyro was hand made and just melts in your mouth. There are another 3-4 plates that I plan to try in this place.
Kokkari was fantastic. We arrived early, Tuesday evening the bartenders, and others who worked there were friendly. My date had recommended I try this restaurant, I had no idea it was this nice. My date and I were dressed up. I was being spoiled by my date and the men who were sitting beside me at the bar~table, but were treated with complete respect. My date didn't mind that others were asking me to try their food that was ordered by them. I was trying everything. Loved the selection of spreads from the appetizer menu, we had the split pea puree, feta spread and fish row spread on the restaurants pita, each delicious, unique and filling! Also had the stuffed calmari, a treatment I don't even remember from visits to the Med. The bartender would suggest different drinks with my meals. The wine list is also impressive- great variety of American, French, Italian, and even Greek wines. I was sampling different wines. Drinks was ourstanding. Our waiter was great, funny, charming and well--perfect.The food--some of the best I've had. The coffee was a work of art. I can't imagine a better dining experience
I have always loved going to Kokkari, but for some reason it was even better than I had remembered it! Our server, Tania was also great! We started out with the smelt and had their tzatziki and eggplant amazingness with homemade pita. I had their signature lamb chops which were incredibly tender and made to perfection. Then for dessert we had their homemade baklava ice cream. I had my doubts because baklava tends to be really sweet, but the ice cream was delicious!
We found Kokkari thru Yelp. It was nearby and had 4.5 stars, so we decided to give it a try. 4.5 stars couldn't even begin to prepare us for the amazing food we stumbled into. I could go on about every app and entree we had, but I'll just insist that you get the grilled calamari. And if you want the most real server you will ever have, request Wayne.
sat nite at 9:30 arrived early for 10pm res and they seated us immediately.i love it here. it's so warm and welcoming. love the different seating areas, the atmosphere, the lighting. it has always been so well maintained over all these years.we had the grilled artichokes and eggplant, it was delicious. the taramousalata was equally perfect.i had the short ribs and unfortunately it was a bit too fatty and the lamb shank was too salty :( next time i'll have a few more appetizers, because there are too many to choose from that sound amazing.
Great food, service and atmosphere. Good place to take groups or out of towners. The starters are hefty and great for sharing. Nice wine options.
Dinner at KokkariWhat I found most appealing was right behind where the waiters were standing chopping the breads. Kokkari had a giant fire pit where they made their special rotisserie for the day.Today's special was Red Wattle pig on a spit. Yum Oink Oink!The menu at Kokkari composed of a variety of appetizers that consisted of classic Greek fareWe ordered their specialty appetizer, Fried Smelts.Lightly battered smelts with a side of bean dip really helped with the start of a great dinner. The problem with a lot of fried smelt dishes is that you essetially just eat batter and some fish bones. The fish were kept meaty within the light fried skin in this case, and the dip gave it a more condensced flavor outside of just salt and pepper.(the table next to us called it "Kokkari fries!")For our main courses we both ordered their special, one the fish special and the other the rotisserie special.Psari Psito - traditional grilled whole fish with braised greens, lemon and cretan olive oil. (or over roasted olives,saffron potatoes, and roasted tomatoesThey had 3 choices of fish that day, a Sole, a halibut, and a snapper. Looking for a more delicate fish my companion went with the Sole.The fish is prepared by being grilled in a wooden basket after being seasoned with a variety of spices. They forgot to give us a choice between which vegetable so we had the very unappealing and very unappetizing braised greens.When I think of grilled fish I normally think of mesquite grilled, and its usually thick meaty fish opposed to something as delicate as sole. So what happens with this type of grilling is the contact isn't directly on the grill but the fish is still being touched by the flames. You get a crisp skin on the outside but the inside meat is still very moist like it was oven baked or steamed.I personally wish it wasn't sole because I'm not a huge fan of its thin meat, I like to eat larger bites of meat. I think the snapper would have been pretty good with its oily texture. But for the type of fish it was, the fish was very well prepared. I bet if it had roasted potatoes and tomatoes it would have blown this dish off the charts.Finally my dish, the Soulva Tis Emeras (daily rotisserie)Let me tell you a little about the Red Wattle pork. When our waiter first told us about it, I was surprised because usually you don't hear much about people describing the TYPE of pork you get, it's usually just WHERE the pork is from. I decided to do a little bit of research on this specific piggy myself.The Red Wattle Heirloom pig is a dying breed of pig. Not because its being over-consumed but because it's not being "produced" in high enough quantities. Most of the time when people grow pigs they not only sell the meat but the lard as well. As silly as this may sound, the RW is not a fat pig, so it lacks in lard. Since farmers are looking to maximize profits they don't often grow this pig. SO at one point it almost died out completely. There were probably TWO herds of these pigs in all of America in the early 1900's.In 2006 they were still considered severely endangered species of pig and there were to one expert's opinion only about 300 left in existence and they all lived in Texas. (Same Herd, hence the heirloom label). (read here for a long story, pretty interesting) More and more people are trying to grow these pigs now because upscale diners are bored of normal pork meat, and as they should be since pork at a nice restaurant is usually something I avoid (tends to be dry and requires alot of sauce for flavor).But look no further for the pork revolution. If it was my choice I'd mass produce these puppies (piggies) c(piggies) cause the meat is without a doubt the best pork I've had in my life. Tender, flavorful, perfect trim of fat, all come out to make the greatest piece of pork that has ever come into my mouth. It's really unlike any other type of pork. I mean you either have porkchops which tend to dry out, or you get slow cooked pork that splits up in strips. Nothing as easy to slice through like this pork.At Kokkari, they chopped the meat right off the spit, put some spiced oils on top, pan fried the skin and called it a day. The dish itself is a little bit oily, I could use a few tablespoons less of olive oil but I was blown away by the quality of the meat. The simplicity in which they made this dish speaks wonders to the quality of the meat itself. Words cannot adequately described the heaven I was in after eating the pork. All I know is, if you ever see Red Wattle Pork anywhere.. you need to order it.Finally we have dessert, the Galaktoboereko.Creme filled Fila dough with roasted apricot on the outside and a scoop of ice cream. The dish was good.. but not great. The dessert actually reminded me of those cream cheese toaster strudels you can get in your freezer section at the local supermarket. I like them, but I don't like paying $8 for two.
Lives up to the hype FOR SURE! I will most definitely be back and plan on introducing my family to the lamb chops (TO DIE FOR). -1/2 star for the difficulty getting a reservation & -1/2 for prices (a little steep). Everything here is incredible! Great for a special occasion.
Love love love this place! My dads favorite restaurant & it never fails to give us an amazing experience when me & my family come here. We live about 45 mins away from the city & we have NO problem w/ the drive to come here. Lamb Chops, AMAZING! The servers are ON POINT! Very knowledgeable of their menu which is awesome. We try to make it out to Kokkari a couple times a year for special occasions & what not.
Oh, where to begin. OK, how about the Dolmathes (grape leaves stuffed with rice), very tasty. But it gets better. Karpouzi me Feta (watermelon slices with feta, pine nuts, and basil). The combination sounds odd, but tastes so so good. And better. Arnisia Plevrakia (Grilled lamb riblets ) that fell off the bone. And even better. A whole rotisserie lamb, so much lamb we didn't know what to do with it all. The only bad element to the meal was the wine that I chose, so I'll blame that on myself and not this fine establishment...
I'm confused about those 2 star reviews, oh well.We ate here last week to celebrate bf's 43rd birthday, my treat, and what a lovely time. Our waiter Max was a riot, and a wonderful server, you could tell he loves his job. He made Grahams night so fun!Great drinks at the bar. Manhattans for him, wet and dirty beefeater martinis for me. :) The bar area is a wee bit too small. Waiters manuvering around folks.We had calamari stuffed with feta cheese and olives, lamb riblets, and portobella stuffed mushrooms as appetizers. All delicious, all decent size. Then we had their lamb chops with Kokkari potatos. Fabulous. Lamb tender, delicious, old school greek, spiced perfectly. Ample sized portions as well. The potatoes were crisply roasted. We were stuffed! Then Max surprised bf with a slice of chocolate heaven cake, on the house. The Zinn we had topped off everything great. The ambience is mellow and charming. We will certainly be back! Next time for small plates meal to try different things.$220 including tip and drinks, well spent.
This establishment is, to my knowledge, the only high-end Greek restaurant in the city. So as such, it clearly stands out. The decor and ambiance are enticing and offer a real unique, comfortable feel. A great balance between fancy and comfort.The dishes were solid but not as outstanding as I expected. The zucchini cakes were very good but a bit dry, the moussaka (a true test of Greek cuisine) was too salty and the ratio of meat to eggplant was much too high. Desserts were all solid (sundae, rice pudding, among others) and very enjoyable.The staff was irreproachable and service was impeccable.
What a great dining experience! The financial district location makes it easy to get to. The setting is warm and chic, service is very attentive, and the Mediterranean cuisine is fantastic. I highly recommend the goat stew, lamb shank, and the ice cream sundae for dessert.
We had dinner here for the first time last night, and were so impressed with the people, the food and the service, that we made a reservation for the following week with friends. For a couple of foodies from the Mission, this was a great new find. De-lish!
Came here to celebrate two birthdays (one of them being mine!) with a group of friends.We were lucky enough to score a prime location close to the entrance though it made for a half-mile trek to the bathroom which boasted a nice private dining room nearby. The restaurant has a very rustic yet majestic feel to it, lots of oak and vaulted ceilings. Neither is it too over-the-top in your face with people smashing plates over their heads, yelling "Opa"! (I KNOW, I was secretly disappointed too. :p)For most of us it was our first time trying Greek food apart from the usual gyros with tzatziki sauce. There were a lot of "that sounds delicious" and "whadda hell's that!?" as we studied the menu, waiting for everyone to show up. The wait staff helped us to wade through the list of long named dishes to find something we liked. Some of their dishes may be a bit much for the squeamish, but our group was pretty adventurous so we had the lamb innards in a ruddy sauce, which were very soft and didn't smell offensive (as is usually the case with menudo). Tried the pork riblet appetizer but the sauce was practically the same. We also ordered the grilled calamari stuffed with feta cheese--although it sounds good, it was more of an arranged wedding rather than a marriage for love. Ordered the moussaka as my entre, packed with layers of ground lamb, potatoes, eggplant, which is delicious right up to the last bite, that is, if you make it that far. When they brought out the bowl, I looked at it, perplexed, wondering if the serving was large enough to make me full but no worries here (especially if you gorged on the appetizers like I did). Had a bite of the lamb shank which was so tender that the meat just fell off the bone.My only regret is not budgeting some room in my stomach for dessert! No "betsu bara" here (Japanese for, "having a second stomach reserved for dessert"). This place is a delight for those looking to take a break from the usual and is suitable for any special occasion. One minus star for the hit-or-miss appetizers but everything else more than made up for it!
Location: Downtown SFParking: tons of garages in the area, we taxiedService: BEST. SERVICE. EVER.Food: Excellent, we started with Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki with grilled pita (YUM) and Ravioli and a lamb special for dinner.Drink Selection: Excellent wine selection - we had Duckhorn Merlot.Price: You get what you pay for, worth every pennyRecommend: YESYESYES
*               KOKKARI FIREPLACE *   ____________________________________________ *============================================ * [ ]                                               [ ] * [ ]                                               [ ] * [ ] -----------{ LAMB ROASTING ON THE SPIT}-------------[ ] * [ ]                                               [ ] * [ ]                                               [ ] * [ ]        /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\ /\       [ ] * [ ]        () () () () () () () () () () () () () () () () () ()       [ ] * [ ]        wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww     [ ] * [ ]       wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww    [ ] *=========================================== [] [    ]  [    ]  [   ]  [  ]  [  ]   [  ]   [  ]  [  ]  [  ] [] [] [    ]  [    ]  [   ]  [  ]  [  ]   [  ]   [  ]  [  ]  [  ] []Review No. 1146       Michael Bauer's sad review must be credited for the fantastic experience fellow Yelpers: Toni M., Rinky (see their reviews) and Anna C plus lil' ol' me! After walking through the huge wooden door and immediately seated with the awaiting lunch buddies. The Majordomo/Waiter gave us a thorough and attentive menu orientation. We shared 8 starters and a dessert. Toni M, Anna C. and Rinky managed to share their soup, but I was saving myself for the dessert. Food coma with a smile!  I wandered over to the brick fireplace and noticed the lamb they had roasting in the open flame. I was glad that I had finished our lunch before checking out the fireplace. I was not expecting to see a complete whole lamb (with its head) roasting!  With over 1145 reviews (yes), I was impressed with the ambience, the wooden decor, service and scrumptious edibles.
Oh my, oh my. I've only lived in SF for 8 months, but this has been my favorite dining experience so far. Beautiful, cozy, unique atmosphere (floor lamps, giant cauldron of coffee, meats roasting over the open fire, etc). I've come with friends (some from out of town), and coworkers, and Kokkari proved to be a great place for both audiences. Would also be lovely for a date night. Every item on the menu has been delicious. I highly recommend ordering multiple items and sharing everything. Some items that stand out, IMO: gigantes beans, baked feta, grilled octopus, zucchini cakes, fried smelts, and the lamb shank (which is a huge portion). The only item I would skip is the moussakka. While it is tasty, I found it to have too much cinnamon, plus, I realized how easy (and cheap) it is to make my own moussaka at home, which I can season to my liking. One of the few items on the menu that I don't think worth the price. Be sure to save room for dessert--they usually have a honey-drenched baklava-type dessert that is to die for, and the greek "sand" coffee is fun to try. Make your reservation far in advance, as this place fills up quickly.
OMG! The Mousakka is super delicious, my husband had the lamb shank which was a very nice portion and the lamb fell of the bone, yup, it's that good. Their wine list is extensive and very nicely priced. LOVED IT!!
Kokkari was highly recommended by a coworker. I was in the mood for something new to experience in the City other than the Italian or California cuisine. Kokkari fit the bill perfectly. Everything we ordered was well flavored and delicious. The menu had so many great and interesting choices, it was difficult to pick. The wine list was far more extensive than I expected with both old and new world selections. Got the Theo Minges Riesling.I have to complement our waiter. He had a great sense of humor and personality. He was courteous and always came back to ask how the meal was going. He was very enthusiastic over the menu and made the overall experience excellent, especially when he mentioned the special dessert for the evening -- baklava ice cream -- which was VERY good!I had a great time here and will definitely be back and will highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Went here with a group of people which included a Greek fellow who did our ordering for us.. As others have also pointed out the food was perfectly prepared and the service was outstanding..  We ate family style, and I was able to try 6 appetizers and 5 entrees and everything was stellar.. The surprise of the evening was our previously skeptical Greek ringleader who raved about the food.. "Just like home!!..", and I can believe it was..
Yum! My sister recommended this place to me and I went with a foodie friend while there for business and it was phenomenal. We ended up eating at the bar and had great service in the lovely, cozy atmosphere. Great wine list. We had a number of apps including the lamb meatballs which were outstanding! All other apps were delicious too but those were all delicious. I had the whole fish for the main and it was perfection. Honestly so mouthwatering and delicious, perfectly done. Truly an incredible dinner and will return each and every time I go back to SF.
Ah the romance. How can a high ceiling, tall windows, and soft lights create such ambience? It must be the rotisserie. This is total foodie seduction. The plates are beautiful and the beverages served in large glasses. Ready to move in yet? My fantasy includes being able to sit in front of the fire in my bunny slippers, cuddled into one of the comfy chairs with the wait staff continuing their fine service as my desires move me. Then my sexy date whispers that we really should go and I remember that Kokkari meldsboth food art and life into a fine reality.
My first time to Kokkari and it was really nice experience. From hostess, waiter, and busboys, the service was spot on. We made reservations for a Thursday night at 8:00 p.m. and glad we did because there were about 20 people waiting for tables. It has an upscale atmosphere but it not stuffy. We were seated at an intimate booth between the front and back rooms, we could hear the buzz of the place but still hear each other speak. They bill themselves as "Contemporary Hellenic Cuisine" and I have to admit that I was not exactly certain what to expect. They did not have the typical Greek menu that I am accustomed to but it's a very interesting menu and I have to say that I finished one martini while trying to decide what to order--I wanted everything. For my life, I cannot remember the names of the dishes we ordered but, for starters ordered: Crispy Zucchini Cakes with Cucumber & Mint-Yogurt Dressing; Grilled Calamari stuffed with Feta, Fennel & Orange with Black Olives; Grilled Meatballs with Spiced Tomato Sauce & Greek Yogurt. All were really, really good but the Zucchini Cakes stood out--I could have had those alone as my entree. My dining companions had the Lemon-Oregano Chicken with Fasolakya (my friend mentioned that he does not like dealing with chicken bones and the waiter offered to de-bone the chicken); Dry-Aged Rib-Eye; and I had their Braised Lamb Shank with Orzo and Myzithra Cheese. All around, we thoroughly enjoyed our dishes. The chicken was juicy and flavorful; the rib-eye was nicely done, tender and well trimmed; and, my lamb shank was just perfect, it was so nicely prepared and cooked that I didn't really need a knife and the portion was actually just slightly more than I could finish and the Orzo was perfect too. I will definitely be back.
Hands-down, this is the best baklava I've ever tasted. The accompanying vanilla-praline ice cream was extraordinary as well.
Very, very good. My husband and I started off with a sampling of appetizers, we got an eggplant dip, a tzatziki dip, and a warm yellow lentil dip with capers. They also gave us two dolmas on the side and pickled veggies and fresh pita bread. It was so delicious! He ordered the special which was a goat stew with red wine, cinnamon, nutmeg, goat broth, oregano - over orzo. It was AMAZING!! I had the moussaka - because when you go to a greek restaurant you should try the quintessentially greek stuff right? It was good but heavy, there was so much ground lamb I couldn't finish it. Between the thick bechamel sauce, the potatoes and all the ground lamb it was very heavy. I liked it a lot but I probably won't order again because it was so heavy. Lastly for dessert we had the rice pudding with roasted peach - definitely get that!!! And We also got the semolina custard in filo with apricots and that was a home run too. The wait service was outstanding and we really really enjoyed ourselves. I didn't give this 5 stars because we arrived at 9:45 on the dot for our reservation but weren't seated until well after 10:00.
Very good greek/mediterranean cuisine - though nocking a star off, as some dishes, the execution is very heavy/oily. Order thoughtfully though and you'll have a wonderful meal.
Love kokkari. Feels like authentic Greek cuisine and the service is fantastic. They have the best lamb shanks, and sometime they have a goat stew which is just terrific. Their rustic potatoes are fantastic too. Great for a date night!
BEAUTIFUL PLACE!!! Great service, amazing food. Came here for the pops bday, (he love lamb) and Kokkari did NOT disappoint! We had the olive pita bread which was great, salads, and we all got a different lamb dish. They also have a great cookbook, that I picked up!  :o) A wonderful evening!
I have been coming to Kokkari for several years now. My fave dish is the bone in ribeye. The whole fish and the lamb are also delish but I just can't seem to get away from ordering the ribeye. I have gone here also with my fiance several times and now he is also hooked on the flavorful ribeye. We both concur that the ribeye here rivals, if not exceeds, the flavor of other major steakhouses. We would be here more often if it wasn't so busy.
I ate at Evvia recently and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Our reservation was seated promptly and the waiter was attentive without being intrusive. We started with the much-praised zucchini cakes, which were good, but not overly memorable. My companion had the Moussaka, which really showed the potential of a basic dish to shine, and the talent of the chef. The quail skewers I had were also excellent, though they proved challenging to eat in polite company. For dessert we shared a chocolate tort. The meal for two, with a glass of wine each, stayed under $100. Definitely putting this one on my favorites list.
wow. I never really liked Meditteranean food that much, until I came to Kokkari's. Their spreads are delicious and so are the breads!!I tried the pastitsio and that's the Greek lasagna.. it was damn good. Their yogurt chicken was flavorful and not dry at all. Of course we had to try their dessert and the flourless chocolate cake is to die for. It was not that sweet and the portion is like that of a pie. Even I was super stuffed, I still killed over half of the cake. I do not regret one single bite!! It's worth every calorie... but who's counting?
I am giving Kokkari 4 stars based on the zucchini cakes, the Greek salad, and the spectacular berry dessert that were all delicious. My main course had great potential, but it was not cooked enough. I ordered the Paputsaki which is half an eggplant stuffed with meat and sauce. Most of my eggplant was still raw, and it was not only difficult to cut, but almost impossible to eat. The small end that was cooked was delicious. I would order the Paputsaki again, but would ask that they cook it longer. Kokkari is a lovely restaurant, and I am anxious to try it again.
Beautiful restaurant, with excellent service. I'm a little bummed I didn't get to try the lamb -our waiter was so enthusiastic about describing the pork special. My only complaint was that the pork was a little drier than I like. I hope that is not the case for everything else!Less crowded feeling than the sister restaurant in Palo Alto.
I have been to Kokkari a few times. It's an awesome place to take a group. they have huge round tables which i think is great for big groups. everything about this place is top notch. they have flawless service and the food is D E L I C I O U S. The lamb is out of this world and will fall off the bone and has a great flavor. the pan fried cheese is great. Actually you won't go wrong with anything you order here. Good service, good food and great drinks. put em together and what do you have??? 5 stars and a happy, full and semi-intoxicated Stephen. Always a good combo.
I took my wife here on Friday for Valentines dinner - this place does not disappoint. The atmosphere here is really really cool, the fireplace rotisserie is burning, the lamps are turned down low, the staff is extra extra friendly and knowledgable. Our server did a fantastic job. If you like lamb this place is a must. I think we will go back again soon and get something else because lamb is all we ever get!
The appetizers were good so was the salad I had the chicken it was under cocked I didnt enjoy it
Excellent wines and cocktails pre dinner. Had some wonderful apps and then split the fish and roasted chicken amongst 5 of us. A blast of a time and great people watching too!
I recently rediscovered Kokkari this year after a 6 year hiatus. It amazes me how Kokkari has remained consistently top notch through the test of time - the mark of a true San Francisco gem.Food - simple ingredients that showcases the star of the course, whether it's the tender octopus, the gigantes, the memorable lamb chops, or the dream-worthy goat stew. You can never go wrong with any item on the menu. The best part - you can build your meal depending on your mood, if only to graze while savoring a glass of wine at the bar or enjoy a long multi-course meal in a setting that is reminiscent of dining in an old friend's home.Service - Waiters are helpful, warm and welcoming. And, if the wait for a table is too long, grab a seat at the bar and Fattah will welcome you and take care of you like a long time friend. For those who have been chasing the latest newcomer and haven't visited an SF fav in awhile, put Kokkari on your list. It's like coming home.
Kokkari's interior is very impressive. It's...well, HUGE. Armchairs at beautiful rustic tables, a great hearth with a spit turning....It's not intimate, but the effect is dramatic.Service is great. Wonderful, courteous and attentive staff.Food: We did more apps than entrees. In general the food to me seemed a bit over-charred. The lamb riblets were too charred for my taste. Pros: The zucchini cakes were very good, but of course they always are. Gigante beans were also very good. The entree portions are quite huge--I had a hearty lamb shank swimming in sauce. It was satisfactory, but somehow lacking in "yumminess."
We went to Kokkari on my Husband's Birthday. For the food and the service, the rating is 5 star. We had their famous zucchini cake for appetizer. And we had lamb chops and whole fish for the main course. We were so full we had to skip the dessert. Service was excellent. Server explained the menu pretty well and also helped us choose the wine from their huge collection. The only problem that I had was the seating. Literally, there is only space for one person to walk. You have to be extra careful to not brush on somebody while you walk or even wear your jacket. They were pretty busy for a weekday night. If this is one of your special days that you want to spend with your someone special then this is not the romantic place. Otherwise I would surely go again for their food.
I have no doubt that the quality of food is here, the meats are amazing.BUT.... when your wine merchant is arrogant, frowns upon you and makes you feel like you are not rich enough to be at this restaurant, any experience will taste bittersweet.
Yum. This upscale Greek restaurant did not disappoint my expectations, which were high after having eaten at its sister restaurant Evvia in Palo Alto. The halibut fillet was tender and moist, accompanied by mild mushrooms. My companions said that their lamb was the best they'd ever had, not gamey at all. And of course, the desserts were fantastic. I ordered the phyllo dough filled with semolina custard. This came with a slice of carmelized pineapple covered in honey, which was very sweet. All of the food had very carefully balanced flavors with some interesting juxtapositions.It'd be nice to come here with a couple of friends just to order the appetizers and have a drink. I recommend the zucchini patties, the dolmades, and the octopus- basically everything we ordered- it was all fantastic.
The atmosphere is fun. The crowd is business class. The food is a unique flavor greek style, with amazing combinations and tastes. The wines are vast and bold. Overall a great place to enjoy. Only set back is the price is heavy.
This is wonderful Greek restaurant. The decor is beautiful, the waitstaff is very helpful and friendly (but coming from Boston I find just about everyone in San Francisco friendly) and the food is outstanding. It is definitely a special occasion restaurant. We actually came after a long touristy day walking around the city in our jeans and though no one looked askance at us we probably would have felt more comfortable a bit more dressed up. The dishes we had were all superb. The lemon soup is divine. The grilled artichokes were perfect. The grilled chicken, whole fish special and lamb shank were all great. They are able to accommodate gluten free and other allergies with no problem whatsoever which is a big plus for us. This restaurant should be tops on everyone's list.
Alright, alright. Kokkari is great. I would not pass up eating here and the food is good. But is it real Greek food? No. Kokkari is fancy. Anytime you can call a Greek restaurant fancy you can also assume it's not authentic. Greek restaurans, inherently, are not fancy. Greeks grub, they get down, and it's hard to get down with linen napkins.I'm rating this joint with 4 stars so clearly I'm not dissing. I'm just saying... San Francisco could use a grubbin Greek restaurants. Anyone, anyone?
Had the special- braised goat stew. Amazing! The service was fantastic and the atmosphere was wonderful. Go. Just go. You won't be disappointed.
now, if you read my reviews you will see that i am not so generous when it comes to a 5-star rating.however, even despite the fact that they had a whole (poor, defenseless) dead Sonoma lamb skinned and rotating on a spit in the fireplace/center of the restaurant, i am giving this place five radiant stars (i'd even throw in another half if possible)!!i learned about this place when i was making reservations for my boss for a biz lunch.....of course i yelped it (as i do with EVERYTHING) and was instantly hungry.this place not only has wonderfully delicious food, the whole experience deserves an A++!!!! the building is huge, warm, inviting, and comfortable. the service is fantastic!! (they are super nice, knowledgeable and passionate about the menu, and are super classy--take your coat and give u a number, pull out your chair and they hold your leftovers until you are paid and ready to go) the drinks are right on! (don't have a cocktail menu which means they can make ANYTHING---of course they didnt have blueberry stoli since its my new fave cocktail, whatev..not the end of the world--got a really strong rasp. vodka tonic instead followed by a delish pinot noir), great wine selection ranging from $9 a glass to $950 bottles.....and the food.....i don't know if i can even go into detail without drooling all over the keyboard and shorting the circuit but i'll try........so we started with the homemade pita and three dips (Melitzanosalata, Favosalata & Tirosalata --one of eggplant, one of fava beans, and then one made of feta and peppers) served on a plate with fresh, thick pita, olives, cucumbers and a couple of dolmas....then i had a simple salad with huge chunks of feta and fresh herbs and the Galeos as my main dish (halibut steak atop a thick roasted potato with fire roasted summer peppers & artichoke with black olives & capers)---yes!!! it was super tasty and aesthetically pleasing as well! some guy walking by even had to do a double-take and ask me what it was.....fricken delectable. that's what!!!i would be willing to choke on a few fish bones as long as i could get a taste of this dish!!!and then for dessert we had semolina custard in filo with ice cream and a reduction of myer lemon rinds......which was light but filling and new to me (which is always exciting)...who would have thought that the thick, inedible peel of a lemon could taste soo good?!i took home a bunch of leftovers and had them last night and even those deserve 5 stars!!!!i most definitely recommend this dining experience and cannot wait until i go back!!!
I'm not going to add anything by reviewing their food, so I'll just tell you to come here, sit at the bar, order a drink, and as many desserts as you can. I had yogurt ice cream (is this the same as frozen yogurt?) with a satsuma tangerine granite, and I gotta tell you, it blew me away. Every dessert that was ordered at the table was so good, we seriously had to stop sharing because the flavors were all being mixed.Next time I come, I will order desserts for each course.
Had dinner on Saturday evening with my daughter, food was great but service left much too be desired! Not sure I will be dining there again anytime soon.
Dropped into The City (Hate that they call their town that!) for a weekend of good times. Was recommended this place for lunch Friday but flights delayed etc and we decided to call to try and crash the Ressie list. Called around 4PM and asked if there were any "openings". She told me 9:30 for a two top...now I am intrigued. I know this is the city of "planning" but 9:30 for a two top? I asked about bar menu and was informed "it gets pretty crowded but it is open now. by 5:00 it is usually full. We stepped into the place at 4:50 and food is not available until 5:30 and bar was wedged.Bar is small but cool enough. Seems to be a spot where locals unwind as well and grab apps before the feeders come through. Treated the bartender kindly (To Insure Proper Service) and next thing you know we are sitting for a 5:30 two top. We ordered some fried cheese appetizer and a good bottle of wine and both of us were over the top pleased. The place has an old looking wood fireplace that is slow roasting duck. They tell me it is not available until 5:45 it is marinated with 5 different things all of which sound great. I ordered the Greek Woodfire Duck. It and it was maybe the finest duck I have ever had. My date had the Grilled Sea Bass and she was in HEAVEN as well. For Sweetness, I usually pass but we did order the waiters recommendation of some chocolate treat and it was equally as impressive. Again, I do not like sweets but it was a great compliment to a great meal.  Service was great top to bottom. 600 mile commute to come back but this restaurant might make me do it.
This place stands out for it's food, ambiance and service...and it's priced reasonably. The ambiance is flexible, suits a date night or a large upbeat get together with friends and even a business meeting. After a few visits here, I have yet to be disappointed with any of the lamb based dishes!
Food is fantastic, service and ambiance is superb. Not the greatest company to work with for a large party. But always happy when we leave this restaurant. Worth every penny. Unique food experience.
I lost a bet with my buddy in fantasy football and the bet was dinner at Kokkari. I really didnt mind losing because Kokkari is so good, but I must say it would of tasted that much better if it was on him. We ordered the fried cheese and the little fried fishes for appetizers. Sorry I never remember the names of the dishes but can only describe what it is. My friend ordered the whole fish which was pretty tasty and I got the lamb chops. I would say they were the best lamb chops I ever had. Great food with a buddy and a couple of bottles of wine is always a great time. The service was top notch also.
I finally made it here for lunch. The food was wonderful -- absolutely divine! If I had a fast metabolism I would have gladly sampled everything. Didn't have a reservation for lunch but on a Friday after NY it was perfectly fine. Our server seemed to be having an off day as far as forgetting things like plates, cutlery, my to go bag, etc; but everyone has one.Our coats were checked, we were promptly seated and the service of our food was not agonizingly slow nor irritatingly fast. The staff was very nice and helpful.I'll be going back, definitely!
I live in Los Angeles and am rarely in San Fran but have been wanting to try Kokkari for years...and let me tell you, it was worth the wait!! Best food ever! Amazing service too! I can't wait to dine here again!!
The food and service here is phenomenal! The steak and the appetizers were my favorite, and the fish was just ok. But overall I give them 5 stars. =)
Excellent food. Ambiance is relaxing and romantic.
There are so many reviews so I'll keep it short..Perfect food and service on a consistent basis. Great atmoshphere. Definitely a restaurant to go to in SF
It's been a few years since I've been to Kokkari, but the memory is still with me! I was compelled to finally write up a review after seeing Joanne Weir's post on Facebook. I was at Kokkari around Christmas time, and we ordered the lamb chops with potatoes, the pita bread platter with tzatziki, tiramosalata, and some other dip I don't remember, and a seafood platter (which I didn't have, but was told that it wasn't as spectacular as the lamb). The pita bread was house-made and chewy and amazing, as were all the dips. You can't really get good pita bread at most places nowadays--only the sad, paper-thin, stale ones in grocery stores. The lamb was excellent. The waiter looked at us kind of weird when we requested well-done (Sorry, squeamish about blood, you know.), but surprisingly, even well-done was extremely succulent and tender. The execution was perfect, and the chef did justice to our request for well-done. I don't quite remember what we had for dessert. I remember it was some sort of puff pastry--maybe baklava, but then I remember it was in the form of a roll. I think there was sage ice cream on the side? Pretty unique flavor. We also had yogurt and dates, drizzled with honey, which was quite sweet, but nice. Dessert was amazing. I need to go back again sometime.
Delicious, great service, and superb atmosphere - this place gets an out-of-towner's two thumbs up!Visiting from Boston and in the city for the SF ballet, we were recommended this restaurant by friends. Crowded, of course, on the Monday afternoon we went, we opted for seats at the bar. It worked out to our advantage, as we ended up wanting to just order a plethora of apps and share anyway (and the service at the bar was impeccable).We got:- Dolmathes (grape leaves)- Spanakotiropita (spinach pie)- Zucchini cakes- Roasted winter squash- Grilled meatballs- Roasted brussel sprouts w/ bacon & lemonEach dish was perfect, and accounting for the complimentary fresh bread + dipping oil and olives to start, we left at that perfect level of fullness and satisfaction.The ambience here is delightful, with huge floral displays, little touches like a bowl of pinecones and pomegranates, and decadent - like the large open fireplace and island for slicing freshly baked breads. While we were there they had some geese (?) on a rotisserie over the fire - cool!When I'm in town visiting my parents I of course want to make the most of my time by trying as many different restaurants as possible - but now that I've been to Kokkari it's going to be hard to not want to go every time I'm here!
Perfect 10. No "ifs," no "buts," and no qualifications. But I did have a reservation. It was at 7:30. I made our reservation thinking I would have to work late. When I didn't, and we showed up at 6pm, they actually managed to get us a table despite the fact that it was obviously incredibly busy. Our waiter happened to also be the wine buyer, so his choices of the vine were spot-on given our food selection. We had a nice bottle of chateauneuf-du-pape that melded well with both of our meals. At the risk of seeming repetitive or redundant or repetitive, the lamb was incredible. Most noteworthy were the potatoes it came with. They were so succulent and full of marinated goodness that they actually tasted more like a squash. The roasted dorado fish was also cooked well and came with some delectable potatoes as well.Great ambiance, great food. Even though I'm still full from last night's meal, I want to go back.
I went here with a group from work and was not disappointed. It is a little upscale, but still cozy and a fun place to have lunch.For appetizers we had several rounds of pita bread (ask about the different kinds of sauces). I had the chicken souvlaki but several people from my table ordered the lamb chops and they all agreed it was excellent. All the desserts were excellent as well. I would really recommend this place for a nice lunch.
Incredibly delicious and authentic. The only way to do better is to fly to Greece. The octopus is tender and delicious. The taramasalata is fluffy and creamy. The kantaifi desert, though not done in the traditional manner, is incredible. Also one of the best selections of Greek wines around. The staff is very attentive and professional. The decor is very tasteful and elegant. Great place for taking customer and executives for a unique and fun experience. Order everything family style so you get to try as many dishes as possible. Most importantly make reservations, it's always packed, and while you are reserving a table, reserve a few order of the lamb on the spit, as it always sells out.
Food was excellent as was the atmosphere. Very warm (atmosphere) despite the size of the place. We had 2 different lamb dishes and an octopus app. Additionally had the fried cheese (greek style not mozz). Probably one of the best Greek restaurants I've been to. Service was wonderful. Would definitely recommend for those who like Greek. A little pricey.
Enjoyed the food - love the ambiance, quality and overall atmosphere. I would definitely go back. Some of the servers/host definitely shared some unresolved snootyness - that was I could have lived without - although the food and atmosphere made up for it. For that reason - I would definitely go back and hope that the snootyness factor gets resolved. Favorties: Zucchini Cakes and Roasted Prawns - prepared excellently!
My new favorite restaurant!!!The food was here was simply delicious. My bf and I order the roasted Mediterranean sea bass w/ the shrimp and mussels and it was so yummy!!! Dessert was fantastic. I had the Baklava and I loved it, only because it wasn't too sweet nor drenched with all that sweet syrupy stuff. Our appetizer was simple, feta cheese with olives, so you can't go wrong with that. Next time I go, I'll order a different appetizer and maybe try the lamb since it seems like a popular choice.Our waiter and the staff was nice and attentive. Our waiter was an Italian guy who gave great suggestions and was very entertaining.Ambiance is nice. Great place for a date!! I would highly recommend it!
I have now eaten here twice and love the atmosphere. Love walking in on a cold windy day and seeing the fire blazing with the pig roasting on top. Real warm and cozy atmosphere and the service has been extremely friendly both times.Have a friend and former co-worker of mine who is Greek dubbed this as one of the most authentic Greek places to eat in the city, and one with damn good food. Couldn't agree more. When I think of Kokkari I think of their apps. Don't short yourself on the apps for a meal. Lots of great tastes to be had at the beginning of your meal here.
Love the food, love the service! Cannot wait to return!
This is a wonderfully tangy Mediterranean restaurant. If you could only get one item, make it the zucchini cakes? They are an explosion of flavor that needs to be savored. Couple this with a great bottle of napa valley wine. Now I know what heaven must be like. Cheers to Kakkari!!!
1) The food here is absolutely great.2) The staff here was awesome.3) The people who eat here are really nice. Fiancee and I came here for an anniversary dinner, but I'd like to go back and try everything on and off the menu. We had octopus and goat stew for appetizers, lamb chops and lamb skewers for entrees, baklava and summer berry pudding for dessert. Goat stew was the biggest winner (day's special), but everything else was really good also. The atmosphere, the food and the people, makes this place just a terrific experience. I would definitely come back again and again.
Been a while since I've written a review! We had the steamed (?) octopus and squash for appetizers. Both were excellent. I have to mirror the other reviews in saying it was one of the best parts of the meal. The sourdough and focaccia bread was great for the dipping sauce. For our entrees, she had the rib-eye steak, I had the rotisserie lamb.To be 100% honest, I thought the lamb lacked taste, but that might be because it wasn't really seasoned. It was simply a lamb meat rotisserie. It was good, but not stellar. My girlfriend's rib-eye was excellent, and I was slightly jealous :) We had a greek wine with the meal that was light and refreshing, almost too much so. I am inexperienced with Greek wine but our server explained that it was light, so I don't blame them. It was nice experience. For dessert we managed to share the custards with pistachio ice cream and quince. I hadn't had quince in ages, and it was really really good (as was the rest of it). I mentioned it was her birthday and they put a candle on it for us, and wrote happy birthday in chocolate. A really nice touch. I also had a greek coffee, which is similar to Turkish coffee. (I turned the cup over to see if I could read my fortune, but I don't know how, really). Unfortunately, I can't remember the server's name, but she was a tall woman with curly hair. Very pretty, warm, and extremely gracious. She really helped us have a wonderful time. Everything with a generous tip came too about 200 dollars, which was well worth it for me. If I'm able to come back, I'll definitely try a fish entree next time.
Every time I've come here I am not disappointed. I love this place. The food is great. The Rib Eye, the lamb chops, the chicken, the fish, the drinks, the appetizers, everything is good. The staff is great. I would recommend this to anyone that wants to have a nice dinner. The only negative about this place is parking, but it is the city. Optional valet parking is $8.
Amazing. Warm ambiance, large fireplace, fresh and authentic Greek food, excellent bar selection. That was all after the first visit, I'm an instant fan and soon to be regular. I can't wait to go back for dinner..it'll be some lucky mans first date spot with me lol. Can't wait
rating 3.5at this point, reviews are a bit moot. anyhow, the place was nice - felt pretty upscale, but we were dressed down and didn't feel out of place. our waiter wasn't very friendly, but we watched some of the other waitstaff and they seemed to have better demeanors. i thought it was weird having to take the elevator to the bathrooms - that has no bearing on the food, but it was odd. yeah, so we split six appetizers between four people and left with happy stomachs. the portions were decent, but not all of the food was memorable. could do without ordering the meatballs, zucchini cakes or the asparagus. we also had a fava bean dish (mostly because we were in a silence of the lambs kind of mood) that was okay-ish. if you like really fresh, i-was-just-killed tasting meat, then get the lamb riblets. the spanakotiropita were great, but the standout was definitely the saghanaki. probably some of the best i've had and i order it every time i eat greek.
We had dinner here last night. We enjoy the zucchini cakes as an appetizer. The roast pig special was delicious. Others in our party enjoyed the sea bass and lamb skewer. All very good.
Pretty authentic Greek food with an upscale twist. Service was good and very fast.
This place is really wonderful. We came here to celebrate a birthday the other night and were VERY impressed. The ambiance is comfortable even if the place is a little crowded. People seemed to be filling up the isles just waiting to get a table. And this was on a Wednesday! The server even told us they weren't really that busy. So right then, I realized this is one of the "places to be." We ordered several appetizers and they all came out as they were ready, which was nice and didn't crowd the table. My favorite was the the meatballs and the zucchini cakes. VERY good. I ordered the lamb shank over orzo pasta, which looked like it came out of the Flintstones era. Of course, it fell right off the bone and was flavored to perfection. Everyone at the table said their orders were also delicious. I did get to try a taste of the biggest rib-eye I have ever seen. Personally, I felt it was a little bit over salted. But I would have devoured that steak, had I ordered it. The deserts were amazing and the desert menu had a ton of choices. I had a special filo wrapped sweet cream with apricots. THAT was amazing. I really hated having to share with everyone at the table. I also ordered their specialty coffee that is heated over sand. REALLY gross. And there were bits of sand in it! My bad - I should have not been so adventurous. I really wish I would have got our server's name, as he was really worth recognition.
It's tough to shed new light on what 600 people already said. But my $.02: I went for lunch with a group from work; no problems getting a noon reservation for ten. Great selection of appetizers, and the lone vegetarian among us did not starve. Everything was prepared well and tasted great, from the lamb souvlaki through the smelts (thought they would be fishy but they weren't) down to the marinated olives. This place is fancy but lunch wasn't off the charts: sub $30 per person.Don't miss the zucchini cakes. And if you are more adventurous than our group turned out to be, email me and let me know what a pig trotter is and how it tastes.
Went here for lunch the other week and looooved the experience. The decor is so warm and welcoming. My coworker and I shared a few appetizers which were great but the dish that blew me away was their whole sea bass. Delicious! I would definitely come back for dinner especially after having the image of the lamb roasting in the fire pit as we dined. salivate.
Huge fan. Love the Lamb Shank. Not sure if I have actually ventured outside of ordering this dish. Love the waiters, the appetizer platter of different kinds of spreads is wonderful as well. One of my favorite places to be.
I'm not sure how to start this review. I've been very frustrated about service for a while in all businesses. But the service here was so stupendous, I found myself leaving completely satisfied. I first entered to meet some business partners for dinner. I was late. The gentleman at the entrance asked me for the name and then said, "why don't we walk together through the dining room and I can help you find them" the lamb ravioli's.... Sooo tastey! The lamb ringlets.... GET TWO ORDERS. Unless you're okay to share. Which I wasn't. The server was clearly comfortable in making the right entrance and exit to the table. She was never awkward, always clear and concise. And for the most part she was almost invisible. Not that that what made her great, it was that I was able to have a successful business meeting with out any noticeable interruptions. I appreciated this service and I will definitely be back Kokkari!
kokkari definitely met my high expectations in regards to food, the best lamb i've ever had (i hate lamb usually), and ambiance. however, i think our server sucked, or at least, was very new. not only was she slightly off putting, but she also answered a question COMPLETELY wrong in regards to the size of the ribeye. 2 of us at our table asked about how big the $40 ribeye was, not necessarily wanting to eat a huge dinner or bringing leftover meat for tomorrow's lunch. she initially answered a healthy 32oz, which would have made sense, but when we asked her to confirm, she came back saying 14oz very confidently. 14oz is definitely not much to tackle, so it was ordered....only for a huge 32oz looking steak to come shortly after. wtf! i'd imagine a well trained server, let alone someone who knows food, (as i expect all servers to know) can tell the difference between 2 pounds of meat and 14 oz. alas, it was still good and we had a good experience, but that server should definitely definitely get more training. there's not much more that can be said about the food that the other reviews didn't say, but i guess i just expected better service at such a restaurant. in the end, it's still easily one of the best, if not the best greek restaurant i've ever been to.
After much indecision and a desire not to have a $300 meal we settled on Kokkari for our anniversary dinner.Started off with a bottle of red, some Tzatziki and the grilled octopus. Everything was delish right from the pita to the octupus. Made me rub my hands with glee for the main course. I had the lamb chops while my husband had the fresh fish. Everything was very tasty and well cooked. We rounded everything off with an amazing dessert. All in all I was not surprised that on Xmas eve it was packed until 9.30 pm.I would go back in a heartbeat, really enjoyed the food.
My man and I needed a place to go for Christmas dinner.  After hemming and hawing for a couple of weeks, we decided on Kokkari. My family is Greek, and his attempt to fit in the last time around went only so so. That is to say, he may have tripped over himself a few times during the dancing portion of the evening.There were no dancing lessons at Kokkari, but we definitely got schooled on Greek food. This restaurant strives for authenticity with every dish.The pan fried cheese is intensely sharp. The octopus is grilled and buttery on the outside and rich and full on the inside. The lamb is spiced and succulent. Mmmm. The dessert blew away all expectations. We passed on the flourless chocolate cake and went for the Galaktoboureko -- a traditional semolina custard in filo with quince and pistachio ice cream. Every bite was a revelation.Plus, the next time he sees my grandmother he can drop the word "Galaktoboureko" in conversation and, finally, win her heart.
Love it!In Kansas City, we only have one greek retaurant. Unfortunatly it is totally cheesy with a belly dancer, breaking plates and cafeteria like Greek food.Two years ago I traveled to Greece and I finally had my first taste of what Greece was all about. Since that time, I have craved it quite regularly and this is the only place that has come close to my European experiences. Everything was excellent and the experience was enhanced by top notch service and a great wine selection. Now, I am on the hunt for the wine I had that night!
As always, fantastic.
Tasty lambchops, tender octopus and savory dolmathes. Warm, rustic interior. One of the best places in the city to impress your date!
After scoring a half day from work, this was the perfect place to end up on a rainy day. The decor is nice; there is a lounge area with a fireplace. The food here was mediocre, I ordered the Moussaka, even though I really wasn't in the mood for casserole. I think the words spiced lamb and yogurt bechamel were reaching out to me. I might have been better off ordering the Lamb Souvlaki or the Halibut.Anyways forget the food. I'm not even going to talk about the dessert. Come here for the wine and scotch. We got a bottle of Savannah Chanelle Pinot with the meal and then scotch after wards: Glendronch ($12), Bruinchladdich 15 ($16), Balvenie 12yr ($14). Now you're probably thinking I'm a connoisseur. Far from it; I got schooled. Basics I remember: The type matters, the age matters, the malts matter, there are pure ones and blended ones, the amount of ice matters, the amount of time you're suppose to wait before sipping matter, the vapors can matter, the interaction with the air, the types of glasses. As amazed and fascinated as I was, I pretty much forgot everything I learned. That means I'll be back soon! By the way street parking is decent too.
Good place to lunch at while Im at work.
Absolute SF. Delicious food, great ambiance for the entire family. Bring a big group and sit at a big table and enjoy the evening... love this place.
It's been about seven years since I last visited Kokkari. The only thing I remembered was the spit-roasted lamb. Damn good lamb!Wifey's been on the warpath lately. She says I spend too much time at the gym, or surfing the web, or watching TV, nag, nag, nag. I guess it was gettin' to me because I woke up in a cold sweat the other night with her squeaky, high-pitched voice echoing in my head."Do you love me? But do you really love me!?!?""Would you be really sad if I was run over by a bus?""Ten more minutes! I need to fix my make-up!""Does this dress make me look fat?"Why do women torment us with these impossible questions!?!?!To regain my sanity and appease the she-devil, I booked a night out at Kokkari. If memory served me, the soothing Mediterranean surroundings and fancy-schmancy fireplace would calm her like smoke on an angry hornet... or so I'd hoped.Not an easy place to book, after seven years, the place is still pretty popular. Perhaps it's the nice location down by the Embarcadero?After a warm greeting by our hostess, we're seated promptly in the back dining room with a nice view of the open kitchen. I smell roasting meat, lemon, and oregano and my body goes limp from pleasure. Even wifey looks less scary by the light of the fire.After a zesty octopus appetizer, I move onto the main event... the lamb. Soooo tender, soooo juicy. Oooooohhh!Wifey went for the whole roasted branzini special, and I was mighty glad she did. After one mouthful of the perfectly cooked and succulent fish, she was a sweetheart the rest of the evening. Even the industrial-strength (but delicious) Greek coffee didn't get a rise out of her.We stroll home hand in hand, smiles on our faces and bellies full. The night is perfect, until..."Honey, did I eat too much food?""Am I gonna be fat from our dinner?!?!""Look at me when I'm talking to you!!!!"
ok, i was gonna write a nice intro to this place... but i can't... i'm not quite passionate about this place. the decor is nice and it's very romantic, but i'm just eh on the food... came here saturday for a birthday dinner. service is impeccable! the waiter is so nice and so helpful with our wine selection. we ordered a bunch of appetizers that i thought was just ok... nothing really peaked my interest... not even the pork terrine... as for entree, ok, so i normally get the lamb chops, but they had this berkshire pork (pork loin and bacon) ok... how can i say no to bacon?? well... i should have... the loin was on the dry side... the bacon was decent... but there was not favor... ok, yes, it's roasted pork... but still... all i tasted was olive oil... i was quite disappointed... my friend had the lamb chop...and that was cooked and seasoned perfectly! ugh... i hate when i sway from my norm.... best advice... get the lamb chop!!!!
Got the lamb. Phenomenal!
So maybe it is all about the company you're with, but I had lunch at Kokkari today and immediately wanted to write about it. 5-star experience and service, 4-star priced. If you don't mind that there is feta cheese in almost every dish, this place is amazing. The best pita bread I've ever had. None of that cardboard tasting stuff you get at the store, this is thick, bread-like, and flavorful pita...a little rosemary in it I think? I had their "monday" special which is basically a Greek Cioppino - saffron seafood stew. Awesome. I was practically licking the bowl. Only thing I didn't like is that the shrimp was not peeled...not my preference when I am on a business lunch. My dining companion had the tuna, layered over grilled asparagus with artichoke and olive tapenade. Deeeelish.They have an extensive wine list which I look forward to trying with dinner. The decor is wonderful. Very tasteful, nicely lit, old-world elegance with a modern edge. Not stuffy at all, warmly colored and very comfortable seats. The kind of place you can go and sit for hours.Highly recommend for lunch - but looking forward to trying for dinner too!
Always up for this place, great appetizers and good lamb and chicken dishes. Don't really care for coffee but my friends love their turkish coffee. Lamb meatballs are amazing. Bar is often crowded but eventually I always find a seat.
My favorite partner in crime and I took advantage of the company party to leave early and splurge on Kokkari. Last time I had been here was two years ago, and I vaguely recalled a delicious meal being had. My memory was not wrong.First on our list was fried smelt after a lengthy consultation regarding the appetizers which included terrine made with Berkshire pig trotters. The large order of fried smelts (so copious that it reminds me of going to the beach and getting fried clams in one of those red and white gingham paper containers) is accompanied by a potent puree of garlic and olive oil. My friend got the moussaka and I got the lamb chops. Best to get the lamb chops if you are hungry; it's quite a plate of meat with baked potatoes rubbed down with garlic (the Stinking Rose doesn't do such wonders with garlic that this place does).  I took a bite of the moussaka with its rich and flavorful bechemal sauce. Highly recommended.Finally, we got down to the coffee and dessert. Our friendly and helpful waiter explained how Greek coffee worked and how to drink it and stop when one hit the graininess of the grounds. I ordered the galaktoboureko which is almost like a dessert tasting plate with a smooth semolina custard in small cynlinders of filo, pistachio ice cream and the loveliest pieces dates dripping in honey. My friend had the refreshing granita which was this incredible minty yogurt sorbet on a bed of pomegranate granita. Afterwards, our bellies full and in dire need of exercise, we "accidentally" meandered to Loehmanns, shopped for a couple of hours, and then hit a bar. You can see why she's my favorite partner in crime.
I absolutely loved my experience at Kokkari. After getting several recommendations from clients, I took my cousin who was visiting from Portland (who by the way is extremely picky when it comes to food) to Kokkari. She LOVED it too!! The ambience is amazing, they have divided the restaurant into 2 dining areas, one being more intimate and quiet and the other is the open kitchen dining, where it is more lively, brighter lighting etc.. The service was impeccable and the food was absolutely delicious! Great selection of wine and cocktails. Prices are what you would expect dining in SF and absolutely worth it!
As my farewell dinner at my job, my boss took me here. It is a very popular place among all my co-workers and so I had my expectations high.I had a great experience and most of the food I tried was good. We ordered a lot of appetizers so I could try a lot of different dishes.Their olive selection is wonderful and all of them had distinct rich flavors.The grilled octopus was tender with just the right touch of lemon.The lamb riblets were mediocre. I heard a lot of great things about the lamb but for me the seasoning were great but the meat was a bit dry.We ordered a pizza like dish and that was delicious. Also their hummus plate had 3 selections which were all yummy and their pita bread was just the right touch of fluff and chewiness.The grilled peppers were good but a tad oily and the fried cheese was way too salty.For dessert we had vanilla ice cream with baklova. Very sweet but delicious! Decor was super nice, cozy, and elegant. The experience overall was memorable.
I ate here last night and was completely impressed. I'm traveling for work, and consequently ate alone, so I sat at the bar. The bar tender was well attendant, very helpful, and over all a fun guy. He wanted me to enjoy my experience.I started with the meatball appetizer. One would think that meatballs in a tomato based sauce would have the same flavor as it always has had at every neighborhood italian joint ever. This had a completely different flavor (albeit a more greek one). Well, rather, it had 3 different layers of flavor: the meat, the seasoning in the meat, and the sauce. Each went very well witht he others, with only the sauce standing out [slightly] morre than the others.For my entree, I had the lamb shank on orzo. before cutting into it, I was ready to be disappointed, as it seemed like it was going to be all fat. The uppon cutting through the skin, I realized the jiggly appearance and texture was because all of the hughe hunks of meat had completely separated form the bone and were (to use a very cheesy verbage) encased int he skin in a sack of flavor. The depth of flavor here was amazing. The orzo and sauce were also equally breathe taking.And finally, i lvoed the ambiance. The high back chairs around intimate tables all witht he fireplace made the place seem modern, but also very homey.
Though it is on the pricey side... there's no surprises (oh... except that the bathroom is a long ways away... so be prepared and not too "last minute" with your excuse-me-from-the-table or hold-that-thought Though I've eaten here several times, this review is for the bar. I was in this past weekend and found a place at the bar with a friend of mine. Brian was our bartender and he was simply put a good bar tender... he knew his stuff, was really attentive to not only us, but all the people around the bar area... he even made an effort to find out (and remember/use) people's names. We didn't eat any of the large plates... just sampled several of the appetizers. All were well prepared and all came out shortly after ordering. In each case, the warm ones came out warm, the hot ones came out hot and the cool ones... well, I think you get my point. In some places, eating at the bar is a different experience in terms of quality compared to the rest of the restaurant. I'm happy to say that at least, at Kokkari, the experience is the same Great job! (Oh, I had the lamb riblets amongst other items.... but I found the riblets to be especially good value)
Sometimes you win, sometimes you...I have been wanting to eat here for some time and finally did. I have to say that the interior is so warm and inviting that you think your experience will be a great one. I guess it depends on what you order...Menu had some great selections with swordfish being the first thing that caught my eye. I gave into the notion that this was not a seafood place and it would be better to go with something that fit within the Mediterranean genre. Will it be lamb or short ribs beef? Since I had lamb a few days before beef got the nod, sounded good with orzo. Appetizers were served, ooops they forgot to bring one, but hurried back with the missing plate within a few minutes. Finally the entre arrived. I was disappointed with the tomato base vs gravy. I should have gone with the lamb. I pushed the plat away from me, not wanting any of it. The waiter came by and asked if everything was alright and did not like the food. I said it was fine after he offered to bring me something else. I didn't have time for something else to be served, but liked the fact that the waiter was willing to go the extra mile to bring something else.Everyone else in my party loved their food, next time I'll try something else.
I chose this place for my boyfriend's birthday based on the strength of Yelp reviews. We were not at all disappointed. He had the goat stew (I think it was a special that night) and I had the lamb shank. Our appetizers were to die for - the calamari is unlike any calamari I've ever had.Extra points to the staff for the birthday touches. I'd noted on the Open Table reservation that we were celebrating a birthday. The waiter asked whose birthday it was, and when desserts were brought out, Happy Birthday was written on my boyfriend's plate (in chocolate sauce) and there was a candle. I didn't say a word, it just happened. Nice touch ... a nice subtle acknowledgment befitting such a nice place.And oh the place - so warm, so inviting - something about it just felt classy yet homey. I felt very comfortable there - super nice but not pretentious in the least. Also, points for seating us right away even though we ended up getting there 30 mins early. I realize that's just a function of table availability, but it was still appreciated (even though we would have been happy to hang out in the cozy bar area, too).
3.5 Overall -4 stars for great, friendly service-3 stars for the stiff men's club, old school ambiance-3 stars for yummy food (especially small plates!)-5 stars for the greatest dessert ever - creamy yogurt sorbet with fresh strawberry granita - Perfect!Overall, I think it's a great dining experience but a bit overpriced for the food which can be found elsewhere for way cheap and still delicious!
For awhile now, I have wanted to go to Kokkari, which has commonly been touted as SF's best Greek food.I love Greek food, so I was elated to go here last night, practically dancing all the way there.I love the setup of this restaurant with a large bar in the front area w/ seating in the front area as well as a larger seating area further back. The seating is great -- heavily cusioned seats in great condition were everywhere. Service was polite and while we had 8 pm reservations - we got seated perphaps closer to 8:45 pm or so. This wasn't a problem as we just hung out at the bar having a glass of wine. Their wine-by-the-glass list was mediocre, but their bottle wine list was impressive!!When we finally did get seated - service was slow. I think it took a whole 20 minutes before they even came to take our order - - which again, was not a problem considering we were too busy talking to really care.Now, I didn't like our server.... starting off with, "Would you like bottled water on your table or JUST TAP WATER?" Why not just tell me you're trying to sell me bottled water instead? From there, we headed in the wrong direction fast. I, of course, opted for the tap water, though normally, I might have ordered sparkling water, but the wording just irked me.Then when he finally did come back - - we had decided to order the ribeye, but we were debating between lamb shank or lamb chops. We asked the waiter, who told us, "This place is open solely due to the lambchops! Hands down, get the lambchops." Is something wrong w/ calling it a "signature dish"? Now he's irritating me. Then when we added that we'd be sharing two appetizers as well - - and listed the Artichoke/Eggplant w/ Yogurt, and Grilled Octopus - -- he exclaims, no joke, "No way! Those are my two favorites but I am warning you now, it is WAY too much food! You have no idea how much food that is - you can't finish it, I'm telling you." Now he's starting to make my blood curdle.- Sigh - Breathe, Grace - -breathe.I hate when people tell me "You have NO idea _______________". Usually, they have no idea what I have ideas about.So my reply was a curt:"And you have no idea how much we can or cannot eat."(Hey, I'm just the tap-water drinking patron... )He shrugs and says, "OK then!" and walks off.Good GRIEF.Now, for the food. We shared everything - and the octopus was really good. The artichoke appetizer was yummy - - solid four stars, and excellent yogurt w/ a hot sauce (that wasn't hot, really) atop it. For the entrees -- we had ordered the ribeye medium rare, but it came out medium. We also ordered the lambchops medium-rare, and that came out as requested. That said, both dishes were prepared well and tasted good. I've had better cuts of ribeye elsewhere, including my recent visit to Town Hall - - and for being the most expensive thing on the menu, I was underimpressed w/ the quality of meat, though flavor was fine. The lamb was very good - - but suffered in comparison to the lambchops at Evvia in Palo Alto. For dessert (yeah, we even had dessert, evil waiter-guy), we ordered the flourless chocolate cake which was rich and delicious, but between the two of us, it was almost too rich to finish!!!!  The greek coffee was so-so but I'm not really sure what it's SUPPOSED to taste like - - it was similar to a bland espresso but thicker in texture - and grainy.The whole experience rates about 3 stars in my book as far as food goes, but mix in good appetizers, great company, terrific conversation, good wine, and nice ambience, and I'm inclined to give Kokkari 4-stars, though reluctantly. Having a great night carries some weight.But because of that wretched waiter, I clench my teeth trying to keep him out of my final rating of this place Also, although the busboys were friendly - they whisked away plates without checking to see if we were finished. If you see food left - - don't whisk away the plates without checking! The bread they served was tasteless and boring.$8 for valet - and they do have a coatcheck for those who need it. I'd definitely recommend reservations - - it was pretty busy on a Wednesday night w/ plenty of couples waiting at the bar area. It took us a good 10-15 minutes before we secured seating at the bar. I'm much happier when I have a seat. :-)
I definitely would like to come back and try the other things listed on the menu.  This is such a nice restaurant. We came here to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Our waiter was awesome; he didn't mind when we asked him to repeat the specials a second time, he took pics for us, and he was very accommodating with our meal. This would be a great place to come for a big birthday party. Food was delicious!  I had the moussaka...generous portion and very very tasty.  My friends had the fish of the day. All of us enjoyed our meals along with the appetizers and desserts we got. Get the lamb riblets!!
This is my favorite restaurant! The ambience is great, the service is great and the food is amazing! I would highly recommend the wood oven roasted shrimp for an appetizer and my favorite dinner is the moussaka. This place is best for those interested in a dining experience. They make you feel welcome and you will never feel rushed. Enjoy!
Today I went to Kokkari for the first time and can I just say, I think I found a new favorite! We walk in for our 1pm reservation for 14 and are immediately taken to our private room. As we walk through the entire restaurant I got to see all of the beautiful decor. The decor is very nice, it reminds me of a very nice estate type place with a gorgeous fireplace in the front room. As we sit at our table we are greeted by our server who proceeded t greet each and every one of us. He was extremely polite and quite knowledgeable of every dish. The way it should be (I have special dietary needs... he answered all of my questions). This is what I got to try before the main dish:- Fried Smelts - with garlic-potato skordalia & lemon 7.50- Wood Oven Roasted Prawns - with tomato sauce & feta cheese 12.75 - Gigantes - oven-baked giant beans with tomato sauce, olive oil & herbed feta 7.50Entre:Grilled Lamb Chops - with lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes 27.50 This was the most delicious lamb I have ever had at a restaurant. I ordered it medium-well and when I got it, it was cooked to perfection. The dish brings three huge wedges of golden delicious potatoes and 3 lamb chops. I love how they wrap the lemon in cheesecloth to prevent the seeds from getting in your food.... lovely! Then came time for the dessert. Everyone ordered one and the sharing began... I am not much of a sweets person, so my choice of the Rizogalo (arborio rice pudding with caramelized pear) 6.50 was fabulous! The other ones I had a try at:Yiaourti me Meli - (Greek yogurt with spiced walnuts & dates drizzled with Greek Attiki honey) 7.00 - A very delicious combination with the most delicious honey. A little too sweet for me, but it was good. Sokolatina (Flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream) 8.50 - I am not a sweets person... and I am really not a chocolate cake person either, but this chocolate cake was right on the mark with enough sweetness to satisfy and perfectly moist with a nice little side of whipped cream. I had a Moroccan tea to wash down the dessert after drinking Pellegrino as if it was going out of style (the servers keep refilling my glass!! This is a definitely plus!) What to wear: It is a dressy, business like atmosphere among the patrons. Suits galore, power lunches, it is in the FiDi and it seems to attract losts of business people. This was a great lunch and going with a large group allowed us to try a lot of the great food available here. Would I go back, you bet your 5 stars I will! I think I see a birthday celebration happening here... yep... I do! ;-)
Fantastic, really well done place. A combination of authentic Greek food and modern interpretations of Greek dishes, which satisfy. Great to impress your friends or dates, and to satisfy your stomach.If it smells like a goat, eat it.
We made reservations at Kokkari for our anniversary. As soon as we stepped in, we really liked the atmosphere. Nice architecture, dimmed light, fireplace with rotisserie, furniture, etc. The service was good. I'm picky about always having my water glass full, and they always filled it up (except once, but the glass was still 1/4 full). And I'm always impressed when our napkins are folded as you come back to your seat if you get up. Capacity was about 1/2 full when we arrived Saturday evening at 5:45. But quickly filled up. The place is pretty big, take a walk to the back. You can see the chefs cooking everything.We started off with the calamari. I had though it was deep friend calamari, so beware if you folks don't like your calamari non breaded. Regardless, it was good. The stuffing inside the squid was delicious. We dipped our bread in it and wish we had more. I ordered the rack of lamb. I love lamb. It was really good, but I've had lamb just as good for 1/2 the price. My wife ordered the rotisserie, it was cuts of pork. It was good, but not great. Something about rotisserie always makes us feel like it's gonna taste fantastic. Otherwise, I'd give the review 5 stars.A nice touch was at dessert. We ordered the ice cream. And they wrote Happy Anniversary on the plate in chocolate. And put a candle on the top. We would come back again definitely.
Friday after work we came in from Fremont based on my boss' recommendation. Our table of 7 shared the Dolmathes, crispy zucchini cakes, kalamari, grilled lam riblets and two orders of the grilled octopus. My favorite was the grilled octopus- the texture was perfect and the flavor quite amazing! For dinner, I decided on the Arnisio Souvlaki (spiced lamb skewer grilled with onion, bay leaf & tomatoes with tzatziki & potatoes). It came out on a huge stick/knife that if not taken away could probably hurt somebody. The lamb was cooked perfected, and I fell in love with the way the potatoes were prepared which paired well with the vegetables and the sauce.The others I came with got the half chicken, fish and lamb chops which all looked really good as well. No surprise, I barely left room for dessert. I sampled a bit of the huge Sundae and generous slice of flourless dark chocolate cake both of which were on the heavy but still highly delicious. The overall ambience of the restaurant was nice as it quickly filled up between 6-7 PM so make sure to make a reservation if you're coming in for dinner. Overall a wonderful Greek food experience in SF!
CAN SOMEONE TELL ME WHEN THEY HAVE THEIR GOAT STEW ON THE MENU? I would name my first born Nick-ades if I could have their goat stew every day
Amazing food and amazing setting. They have an amazing list and a full bar.
This is my go to favorite restaurant in SF...for many years now. Fantastic food, wine, and service. All to perfection. Sophisticated atmosphere. Never, never lets me down! The octopus is the best in town, steaks fantastic, lovely wine list. Just love everything about it!
This place is amazing! I came in here to celebrate a very special occasion and it didn't disappoint. The food was delishes, we ordered a bunch of small plates because we wanted to try different items and one entree. Everything we tried was delicious, especially the beets, lamb rib lets, stuffed calamari, and zucchini cakes! The service at this restaurant is amazing and it adds to the amazing experience. This place does require that you make reservations about a month in advance, but it's definitely worth it. I am hoping to come back soon for another awesome experience.
I like a good ethnic spot but Kokkari may be the end of me... Call me a California hippie but the flavors here are rich rich rich. Cheese, carbs, oil. My food was heavy, dense and greasy. I wish I could have more fresh veggies and a lighter meal. That being said. Damn it was good! I enjoyed my Moussaka. The word traditional reeled me in and I had to give it a whirl. It was quite flavorful and tasty but I could eat only 1/3 of it before I was full. Come to Kokkari hungry, not in the mood for roughage, with reservations and you'll definitely enjoy your meal.
I only have one word, "DAMN."
i'm preaching to the choir, but this place is unbeatable. I would love to take over the table in the wine cellar for a special occasion/birthday.
Outstanding value (for San Francisco!), service and food quality.  Great place for small groups. Takes Greek cuisine to a new level.
Stop staring at MY food. This is what I encountered the entire night while at dinner with Ben. But I didn't mind it because with great company and the best Greek food in San Francisco, I could have cared less if you spent the entire meal staring at MY food. We started off with the meatballs and the hummus. Very safe choices. But were they delicious. I love Ben and all, but he seriously needs to learn how to eat slowly. Then we moved onto the lamb and chicken. Portions were the right size and came at an opportunistic time, once we had allowed for the starters to settle. Then we topped it off with the traditional baklava. We definitely got weird stares from the tables next to us. Mr and Mrs Awkward date and this loud lady and her friend at the end of the row. My observation: old men like to impress the young ladies with this establishment... we definitely were the youngest guests there tonight, by far! But oh so fabulous!
The food was so-so. My dinner dish was just barely warm when it should of been hot. The appetizers were good. The service was good.
The deliciousness of Kokkari's food is as consistent as the rising of the sun. I've taken over 20 different people here during the past few years, and every person has been seriously impressed with the entire experience.I almost always order the same thing. What could possibly be healthier than eating fish grilled with olive oil and served with a side of steamed veggies? I mean, something has to balance out the fact that I couldn't possibly go there without ordering their unforgettable fried cheese appetizer!And try to squeeze in a visit to the restroom if you can. My stall had a lamp and an urn. It's probably fancier than my living room. Damn!
One of my favorite restaurants in SF!!!
Overrated, overpriced, stuffy.Why restaurants feel dimming the lights and serving tiny portions for mediocre food allows them to overprice????? I will never understand.
Amazing food, really great service. Nothing bad to say except a little pricey. But always enjoy going there. Have been there for special occasions and always leave happy, full and smiling. If you haven't been, you should definitely try it but make a reservation as always full.
It was Mardi Gras and since I am going to New Orleans soon, I did not want to have pseudo Cajun. Well you all have heard that Greek is the new Cajun--right?! Well this year it was. Myself and four friends dined at Kokarri and it was everything I had heard it was: excellent food and service. Thank Buddha my friends like to share so we went crazy on the starters: Dolmathes, Soutzoukakia, Spanakotiropita, Kolokithokeftethes, Kalamari, Garides Yuvetsi--yeah go to the menu and increase your Greek language skills. It rocked my mouth off.Then we order some mains and shared them too: the whole fish, lamb, chicken and rib eye steak. We also had a lovely wine--no way I can remember what it was, but it was tasty on the palette and complimented the food. The place isn't cheap but I was buying, so my friends felt the need to ply me with alcohol the remainder of the evening. Great idea--this year Lent got a new slogan: Detoxin' for Jesus. Yeah after the evening was over I decided to go on the wagon until Easter--we will see how that goes...
I'd say that Mediterranean food is not my top pick generally speaking. However, this place was delicious. Great ambiance. Lots of vegetarian choices. Next time, I'd love to go with a bigger group so I could try a lot more of the apps. Tip: Try the grilled peach salad when it's in season!
This is the perfect place to take your parents to dinner--especially if they are paying. I would give the food here a 3.5 (taking into account the high prices) but the atmosphere a 4.5.The space is lovely; warm and inviting, not too loud, lots of soft chairs and booths. Our waiter was really nice and helpful. Kokarri is in a pretty sterile neighborhood in SF, so if you're with older guests who feel more comfortable in Walnut Creek than ..say.. the Mission, you're good to go. Our reservation was at 5:30,which I thought might be too early, but by the time we had finished our leisurely meal, it was almost 8:00I think the best thing to do is to eat family style. We ordered a bunch of the Mezethes and a few main courses to share. I really liked the lamb chops and any of the spreads with pita bread. Tzaziki was yummy! Skip the watermelon appetizer; it's pretty lame (just pieces of watermelon sprinkled with feta and basil). The seafood platter for two was disappointing, even though the shrimp on the platter was delicious. If I could do it again, I would have substituted out the seafood platter with more of the Mezethes.
Gorgeous restaurant. Gorgeous food. Of course I had the advantage of dining with an native Greek person, who ordered food for our entire party. Those are the best dinner parties...where you don't have to think. I was impressed by the elegant, yet cozy decor. I was also impressed by the friendly and efficient service -- especially while accommodating a party of 9. I've never been to a Greek restaurant before and I've only had a few Greek food items here and there during my adult life, so when I say the food at Kokkari was hit or miss..I specifically mean for my palate. A few of the items were not my cup of tea, but my friends loved them and I could definitely see why. While I think Kokkari did a good job with all the dishes that were served, I think some of them are just an acquired taste. I enjoyed the flatbread pizza, the grilled meatballs, and the classic greek salad. And for the dessert, you must try the Galaktoboureko -- baked phyllo crust with a lemon custard filling.  Yum.  I did not enjoy the dolmas, the pan fried cheese, nor the grilled octopus.  I want to come back and try some of the dinner entres which sounded fabulous. Definitely recommended for family, special occasions, and dinner parties.
Overpriced, food was nothing special. Way too many other place on my list to try before I decide to try Kokkari again.
This place is incredible. The food is delicious (you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu) and the wait staff is attentive and professional. It's only downfall is that it's so pricey!
My second visit was even more amazing the first. Our server, Lyle, not only had a fantastic personality, but has been there for years, and is also the restaurant's wine buyer. Thus, he is incredibly knowledgeable when it comes to the food, wine, restaurant's history, everything. Lyle is charming. Lyle is funny. Lyle is darling. And if you are lucky enough to have him as a server, please tell him I said so.This time, I visited with my mom and her friend who was visiting from Colorado. We had the watermelon salad & halibut again... I couldn't NOT get them. But this time added the lamb chops & this amazing deep fried fish that is not only DIVINE, but was truly the most artistic presentation I've ever seen. It was butterflied and stood up in a way that it looked like a giant sailboat gliding across the water. I know this sounds crazy, but it's how Lyle described it and he was right on the money. Lastly, the deserts were incredible, and the wine that he selected was nothing short of spectacular.And I have to say that as far as the service goes, it's not just Lyle. I was also fortunate enough to meet and chat with the restaurant's manager, Paul. Needless to say, under his direction, it is no wonder why the service is so spectacular. Everyone who works here is wonderful in every sense of the word. I also work in hospitality, and we are taught to always "anticipate the guest's needs". Everyone at Kokkari is a step ahead. Their service is flawless, sincere, charming, and attentive. I can't say enough about ladies & gentlemen who work here. I love Kokkari, and I can't wait to return. For happy hour. For dinner. For dessert. And of course, for Lyle & Paul.
Kokkari is an outstanding Greek restaurant, as so many reviewers have stated. We visited recently and everything was just wonderful -- great food and great atmosphere. But the best part, in my opinion, was the service. Warm and informative but not pushy or busy. Our server knew the food well and spoke passionately about it. I had the goat stew, a special of the day, and it was great. Even though goat can be tricky, this dish was flavorful and the meat was tender and not at all gamey. Overall, we had a wonderful dining experience.
Probably one of the best Greek restaurants in the west if not the entire US. Kokkari feels like an authentic Athenian restaurant. With fresh fish, grilled meats and real feta cheese, Kokkari never dissapoints. The selection of wines is exceptional, with an incredible Greek list as well. I've been here for dinner with my wife as well as several business ocassions where we have rented out a room on the lower level as well as the large table in front of the kitchen. On each ocassion, we had tremendous service and excellent food. I can't recommend this place enough!
Best restaurant in the city. Really... Everything was perfect. Go NOW!
One of the best restaurants in SF. An elegant place to have a drink after work - their bartenders are the best! The Mezze Plate is amazing and probably one of the only dishes I have ever dreamed about.Kokkari is an SF mainstay that I have enjoyed for a few years now and look forward to my frequent future visits.
I still dream about the periotoneal fat + heart.  I will definitely go back there when in SF.
Simply Amazing place, Highly Recommend this place for a special occasion, True GREEK FOOD
This place combines great food with great service in a nice ambience. If you like greek food this is a go to place!Ambience: The restaurant is much bigger than I was expecting. For example you need to take an elevator to the bathroom which is downstairs. While large, the tables are spread out a bit to feel somewhat intimate and it's not too loud.Service: Impeccable service. The waiter knew all the dishes, made good recommendations and the staff was very attentive. My water was always filled.Food: Delicious. The menu has a nice range of meat to seafood. I particularly enjoyed the fried cheese appetizer and the grilled octopus. I ordered the lamb souvlaki and the portion was huge and very flavorful. The food was nicely presented and there were nice small touches to the dish like the lemon was wrapped in cheese cloth so the seed would not come out. My friends ordered the grilled fish and it had amazing flavor however they spent a lot of time picking out the bones.Value: Kokkori is a much more high end restaurant so prices were in line with higher end. For the 4 of us to eat and order 2 alcoholic drinks, it came to about 250 in total.Crowd: It's generally an older crowd (mid-30s +) and it appeared that many were having business meals. I spotted a CEO of a large tech company having a business meeting over dinner if that gives you a sense of the caliber of crowd. Most people were in business casual attire.
Poor Kokkari, they only have 700 reviews.... Not that they need it, but I'm adding another 5 star to their list. They are superb!!Top notch service, top notch food, such a wonderful selection and I've had at least 15 different items from the menu and have never had a bad bite. Great wine suggestions. Such a warm, inviting, beautiful atmosphere. Will keep coming back for more good food and fun memories and always will recommend this place to friends.
Don't you hate it when you get Robbed? well, it is Friday night i printed Kokkari's Menu went to pickup the car from the shop, and i figured i'll order dinner for the family. so I am looking on the over priced menu but i am out for a treat so I order 2 Lamb Chops dinner on the menu they are 27.50 and two half Roasted chicken (Friday's special) on the menu were 15.00 each, i figured a $100 with Tip I am worth it. remember this is a to go order no atmosphere there it came in a paper bag. I paid $38 per lamb chop dinner and $23 for the chicken so that is $36 above the advertised menu price on their website and like an idiot i left the guy a tip. I called them back and just expressed my feeling and i was told they will look into changing the web site menu. the food was OK.
We didn't eat a full meal here (just drinks and apps), but what we did have was wonderful. Beautiful ambiance with an open kitchen. The service was great and very quick. I loved how cozy it was! It was like eating with a big family, but there were still smaller more private eating areas if that's what you are looking for. The private dining room in the basement was gorgeous. Strongly consider it if you are looking for something like that!
We had a very satisfying dinner at Kokkari last Saturday. The restaurant was big and busy with a casual bistro feeling. It was a very warm night in SF, and it was HOT in the restaurant. Nonetheless, the food was great and the service was professional and friendly.For starters, we had zucchini cakes, grilled octopus, the spreads, and the grilled pork belly. All four were pretty good yet the pork belly was the winner. As a Chinese known for eating just about everything, I was pleasantly surprised to see three Americans enjoying the pork belly-- skin and all. It was juicy and flavorful, and the texture from the grilled skin, the melted fat, and the slightly crunchy cartilage was truly amazing.For entre, I had the whole bronzino, which was sweet, juicy and delicious. My husband had the ever-famous Moussaka, which was extremely rich and flavorful. (Warning: Don't let the bowl fool you. The serving may look small; it was-- as it should be-- very filling.) Our friends had the braised lamb shank and the grilled lamb chops. I was so busy with my fish that I stopped chatting for awhile. Looking through the half-empty wine glass (our friends brought an excellent bottle of Shiraz), I vaguely remember seeing meat falling off the shank bone. Judging by their smile-- and the couple of minute silence after the entres were served-- they were happy with their dishes as well. For dessert, they ordered a baklava and a flourless dark chocolate cake. I had a bite of both. They were good: moist and not overly sweet. However, I was too full to enjoy dessert; a shot of grappa was the perfect ending for my dinner.
i absolutely love this place. Its the sister restaurant to evvia in palo alto and both have awesome food, service and ambiance. Definitely try the lamb and if you enjoy calamari, its always good here.
De-lish! Very professional servers - they knew their stuff. Great recommendations, fantastic preparation and a great bartender who knew how to shake a proper drink.Very nice ambiance, dimly lit, but you can still see your food. Pricey - so good for special occasions, otherwise its a little outrageous.
I went here on Fat Tuesday and we couldn't have picked a better place to spoil ourselves rotten with great food and even better wine! I think our group ordered just about everything on the menu and I couldn't find a single thing that wasn't absolutely delicious. Yeah, thats the way you should start you Lenten season....you gluttonous sinners!! ....Yeah, I'm goin to hell....actualy I'm drivin the bus so hop aboard!! Seriously though, Kokkari is a great place to go on date night, or if you just want to start a night out on the town with a bang. Dress nice...you want to impress your lady friend dont you? Remember to shave..actually, if you can pull of a five o'clock shadow with a spiffy sport coat, do that instead. I'm sure she'll love it, unless she's a total snob. If thats the case, dont shave anyway and find yourself another date. Trust me buddy, life is too short....wow, I'm wayyy off track now...back to business...So yeah, be prepared to spend some money though, good food don't come cheap in the city....well....it does...if you use Yelp wisely... but not at Kokkari anyway :) Oh and you may want to double date with a friend so you can weasel him/her into being the designated driver...suckers :)
this place oozes rustic class. the food speaks for itself. simply well thought and has to be one of the best restaurants in the city! i had to pleasure in dining here. sat at one of the best seats in the house. we shared three salads: -karpouzi me feta - watermelon & feta with pine nuts, basil & Greek olive oil-horiatiki - classic Greek salad of tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, onion, oregano, olives & feta-domata salata - heirloom tomatoes & purslane with feta cheese, capers & olive oil then we shared:-arnisia paidakia - grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes -moussaka - traditional casserole of eggplant, lamb, potato & yogurt bchamelfor dessert, we ordered two sweets:-galaktoboureko - semolina custard in filo with figs & crme frache ice cream-baklava ice creameverything was outstanding and delicious!took home leftovers for the next day. yay!
I just ate here last week and my favorite part of the meal was the spreads they brought us in the beginning of the meal with pita (Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata, Tirosalata) -YUM! The atmosphere was very classy and upscale. Its definitely a bit on the pricey side, but a great place for a nice dinner out. The waiters are super friendly and know the ins and outs of everything they serve.Dolmathes: ok..but not the best I've had, but goodSpanakotiropita: alright Grilled Octopus: my friends seemed to love this...I wasn't in the adventurous moodAginares Souvlaki (eggplant and artichokes): not worth a second bite!Arnisia Paidakia (lamb chops): pretty goodKokinisto me Manestra (lamb shank): this was great--very tenderPsari Psito(grilled fishy): way tooooo fishy for meI think if I was more of a heavy meat eater this place would get better star power from me.
I cried in Kokkari! No, the experience wasn't that heartwarming. It was a farewell lunch for a special friend, but still...what kind of loser am I?This is a a fine place to dine...on the company dime! The appetizer spreads are wonderful and unique. I've never tasted hummus like that before! The warm puffy bread (neither pita nor lavash) is fantastic! The vegetarian entree options are slim, so I got the ravioli and it was tasty, dabbling in decadant. The dolma was some of the best I've ever had. And might I add what a wonderful excursion (via elevator) to the cozy bathroom, which is much nicer and bigger than my entire apartment.Still, Kokkari it's out of my normal dining-out price range, so save this place for special occassions and don't be ashamed to express your emotions all over the linen napkins.
Came here for Mothers day this year. My husband found it, and I love Greek food. I loved the decor of the restaurant, and would love my house to look like this place feels!I ordered the rabbit dish...Yummmy! Tender, and the sauce surrounding it was lovely. You can really over cook rabbit, but this was so juicy and delicious! My husband ordered the whole sea bass, and it was cook perfect, and the presentation was beautiful. Forgot to mention our appetizers. We had the spreads with warm pita. The pita was exceptional, and the spreads were so tasty. They had a special appetizer that night, of fava beans that were fried like tempura almost...wow.. so good.My daughter had the roasted duck that was the special off the spit. Very good, and the potatoes that came with it were so darn good, they were soaking up all the cooking juices(my guess) and lemon!! I could eat a whole plate of those alone.If you like Greek food, and want a more elegant version of it...go here.
This was my second time at Kokkari.  The first was not so memorable but this time around was a great experience. The only reservations we where able to get was for 9:30pm on a Thursday evening. Which does say a lot about a restaurant. We arrived almost 30min early and they host said they where waiting for us. They walked us to our table which was near the kitchen. Our waiter was cordial and after a little chit chat. He suggested that he would bring out three starters of his choice for the table to start. We where more then happy due to the fact that everything on the starter menu looks so good its hard to choose. After having a few sips of wine the waiters came by and served us Spanakotiropita ( which I had him repeat because it sounded so fun when he said it) Zucchini Cakes and Chanterelle Mushrooms with Feta Cheese.The Spanakotiropita was flaky with warm spinach and feta in the inside. The Zucchini cakes crispy outside and soft inside. They where topped with a yogurt sauce and pickled cucumber. The yogurt sauce had a light goat cheese flavor which went well with the crunchy cucumber and crispy zucchini cakes. The chanterelle mushrooms where lightly sauteed witch cubed baked feta cheese. Very light and earthy in flavor. For the main dish I had the Goat Stew. The dish comes in a clay pot casserole which is extremely hot. I had to wait a while before I could dig in. Instead I grabbed a piece of bread and dipped into the sauce while I waited for the dish too cool. Damn was that good! You can taste the cinnamon, salty feta, and all the Mediterranean flavors. The dish is comprised of shredded tender goat meat, orzo pasta, tomato, feta cheese, and artichoke hearts. I wish this dish came with a spritz of lemon. It would of brought out more of the flavors and spices. The next day leftovers I did just that and it tasted much better. My boyfriend had the special which was a trio of pork cooked 72hrs in a pit. It was shoulder, butt, and bacon with Kokkari potatoes(cooked in the pork drippings) and a half lemon wedge. I also had this dish for lunch the next day a long side some corn tortillas. The tender pork and the flavorful drippings with a spritz of lemon was just one great dish. We finished off the meal with dessert Galaktoboureko and some Greek coffee Glyko. The coffee was good not to sweet and did not leave me wired or with a stomach ache. A fine way to finish a meal.
There are private rooms available for small party groups (we observed belly dancing!)The spanokopita was one of the great appetizers.The wine list is good, but a little spendyThe Greek salads and fish entre were good; the lamb dish was outstanding.The baklava and chocolate cake were delish.Very good service by Jonathan.Parking on street (something like 25 cents for six minutes); private garage.
Visited Kokkari after hearing about it from numerous people numerous times. Also, its right around the corner from where I live. If you're going for dinner, it's wise to call atleast a week before for a reservation. The interior is awesome: they have a large fireplace adorning the room that you enter. The service is also excellent. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. When it comes to the food: I actually thought the appetizers were better than the main courses. We tried the Saghanaki which is pan fried cheese with lemon and oregano and is delicously salty. Also in the appetizer section, we tried the Soutzoukakia which are meatballs. These were also excellent. The main course consisted of lamb chops. I was a little disappointed by these since they lacked some flavor. The other dish was the grilled fish which was excellent but again a little low on flavor. Finished up with some Baklava that was excellent! I am generally not a fan of Baklava but inhaled this one. Overall though, its a good experience. Can be very pricey if you decide to add a bottle of wine to dinner.
Kokkari is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I love sitting at the bar but it is usually full. The staff is friendly and the food is amazing. The restaurant is pretty big yet it has a nice, cozy vibe to it. Everything was tastefully decorated, even the bathrooms. I definitely look forward to my next visit.
I had here my birthday dinner. Delicious! Loved everything we ordered. Service is superb. Will definitely go there again
Very nice restaurant. Went for lunch but the menu is still a little expensive. The zucchini cakes are great. I got the lamp chops and they were good, not great. But still a really nice place to eat at, would definitely go back
I know a little something about greek food. One of my closest friends from college is greek ... I mean really greek. Did you see that big fat wedding movie? incredibly accurate ... trust me, I stood up in her wedding too. seriously. I am more welcomed with open arms at her parents' house for holidays than my own. Her YaYa (aka grandma) cooked for us nonstop ... ah, the good old days.Here's what you do ... go to Kokkari and start with the Taramosalata (carp roe and pita bread), maybe a nice wine - something light like a sauvignon blanc. Another great starter is the Octopodaki tou Yiorgou (octopus and lemon stuff) or the Spanakotiropita (spinach stuff in those filo things) ... but if you're new to greek, keep your first time out simple. Ok, main course ... and its coming down to fish or lamb. I'm at a loss for why anyone would ever order anything other than the braised lamb ... I'm telling you, its coming with orzo and you too will be a believer.In the event that you are able to make room for dessert ... and hopefully you were wise enough to side step the salad and soup in an effort to plan ahead for dessert ...Sokolatina (chocolate cake) with a side of some good ol' ass whooping greek coffee.Pay attention though ... this is some heavy food ... like thanksgiving dinner heavy ... and when its all over you're gonna be looking for an empty couch, the remote and wondering why the football game is not on.
Yes, I finally made it to this place after years of not checking it out. Wow, i was very impressed. You know when people hype up a place, you always expect a lot, well i did and it met my expectations. everything we ordered was good and we ordered practically everything. Here they are from what I could remember after 3 bottles of wine (during lunch. yes, lunch time. that's how i roll. haha. jk). fried cheese thing: yummy but please share as you'll get a heartache if you don't. Brussel Sprouts: just the way i like, nice and crispy. potatoes: yes, potatoes, it was perfectly baked. yummy. octopus: nicely cooked, not under or overcooked. and it's easy to mess up octopus persimmon salad: not the best i've had but it hit the spot (prob the least favorite from the menu). beets: i love beets and i expect a lot for my beets and it was gooood. entree: fish (sorry forgot which one) after three bottles of wine, cant remember. but it was just a little better than average. they de-boned it but there was still a lot of bones left. that didnt bother me. the greens that came with it was perfectly cooked. okay now, the desserts: the sundae was just perfect. i know, its just sundae but it was good. we also ordered chocolate cake. i dont like chocolate but it was nicely baked. service: 5 starts all the way and I expect a lot when i pay big bucks. our lunch bill was over $500 for 5 people.
I love this place-- Great food & Great atmosphere & Great service!
Great food. Went with a large party and while many establishments struggle with a large number number of people, Kokkari did a great job both in service and in quality of food. I'm not typically a significant fan of Greek food, but Kokkari impressed me. The lamb and chicken dishes were outstanding. Great location and atmosphere.
Best lamb chop ever. Cooked to perfection and flavorful. The grill octopus appetizer is delicious as well. The texture is more like lobster than the typical rubbery octopus texture. The price is also very reasonable for a place like this. Overall one of the best meals I've ever had. I will definitely be coming back.
It's a cold July night in San Francisco. The fog is rolling in, your hands are freezing, and you are starved after a long day at work. You are craving something warm, hearty, homey, and delectable. Luckily, your honey wants to take you out for dinner and you get to pick. Where to go? KOKKARI! Right when you enter the restaurant, you are immediately enveloped in coziness and delicious scents from the kitchen. You start with the feta they light on fire and move into any of their meat or fish dishes. The menu sticks to your stomach, and the ambiance is warm and inviting. A lovely evening to share with good company and a nice bottle of wine. Giving it four stars instead of five only because it lies outside my budget most months.
I went there for dinner on a Thursday evening to celebrate the birthday of a dear friend as a group of five, and would happily recommend this restaurant to friends and family and will dine there again.The atmosphere is very warm and welcoming, and the restaurant is surprisingly large. It is divided into different areas, allowing it to maintain a sense of smaller scale. We noticed a separate room for larger groups in the basement, and I would certainly like to go there just with my wife if we could be seated in the front room tables for two with the high backed chairs. The food was excellent and as removed from the usual "Greek" fare as Albona Ristorante Istriano is from the usual "Italian" menu. Service was helpful, pleasant, timely and professional. Street parking in this location is free after 6PM, safe, and not difficult to find.
My wife took me here Saturday night for a belated birthday dinner. Being fans of quality over quantity, Kokkari was a hit with us. That said, you can certainly go the quality and quantity route, too. On the advice of our attentive, though not overbearing, server we just did a variety of Mezethes (appetizers) and added a few salads. As others have written, the zucchini cakes were good and the accompanying non-traditional ztaziki even better. The grilled veggies were good, but the flavor of the poblano sauce didn't stand up to it's aroma. Braised lamb riblets were tasty, rich and fall-of-the-bone tender. Even my wife was surprised with the flavor of the fried smelt and the accompanying garlicy, citrusy hummus (though I enjoyed them more with the ztaziki). We both had the arugula salad; the acidity of the vinaigrette was wonderfully contrasted with sweetness of the honey wheat croutons. I would have loved to try the tureen of trotters and pig head, but have trouble justifying cold dinners. Though we didn't partake, the entrees looked on-par with the Mezethes and quite generous. The crowd was a mix of young and old, tourist and townie. Definitely a good place for a romantic, after-dark dinner or a group celebration.
The food was amazing. The drinks were perfect. The zuchini cakes, lamb chops and goat stew were all fabulous. The service was excellent. I loved every minute of my experience there.But by the time we left we felt bloated, and now, an hour later, I feel like I ate the entire goat. Don't plan on doing anything exciting afterward. Where's the Pepto Bismol?
The food was great, we got seated right away with our reservation. Our service was extremely outstanding. By far the best waiter I have ever had.
My uncle Norse claims all the best Greek chefs immigrated to the U.S. and opened a restaurant. In the case of Kokkari, he's absolutely right. You step through the doors and are instantly transported to a beautiful Greek villa, the kind you can't really actually find in Greece. You may be seated at the long table next to the kitchen, at a cozy booth, or next to the fireplace. Anywhere you sit, you are sure to be comfortable and feel the relaxed pace of Greece. You'll want to try the appetizer sampler with assortment of dipping sauces for the toasted pita points. The skewered beef is always a delight. The side dishes are perfect. The wine list is excellent. Save room for dessert -- the chocolate is heavenly, and the baklava is a wonder! And coffee -- is very rich, deep, sand-brewed and delectable. They have a beautiful private dining room, great for parties or groups. Service is exceptional -- so warm, inviting. The standard is a relaxed pace -- you don't feel like they're trying to turn the tables and oust you before you're ready. However, if you are on a deadline, they are most accommodating. If you're needing a vacation but can't get away, visit Kokkari for a wonderful repast that will totally refresh you!
Service was terrific and the menu is filled with hearty Greek specialties.
Ugh... This place is SOOOO O V E R   R A T E D when it comes to the foodThe service is GREAT and they treat you really nice, I just think the food is not that great and kinda flavorless. The only thing that was kinda good was the lamb chops. Everything else was pretty unimpressive.... Maybe I just don't like greek food? I think the best part of my meal was the chocolate sundae they served at the end of the meal. Here's what we orderedSmelt appetizer - meh, I hated it. Felt like i was eating fried bait from someone's tackle boxLamb Ribletts- they tasted OK, but I felt like a dog eating left oversLamb Chops - Pretty good, but I feel like I've had just as good else whereRibeye - pretty good, but not any different than any other really good steak houseChocolate Sundae - yummy :)Wine : Neal, cab - One of the best I've had in a long time ..but $90 ouchThat's my summary... Don't think I'd go here again. It's just not that great. I'd rather try some place new.
Kokkari is hands down the best Greek food in the Bay-area. I'm Greek and I've eaten the best Greek cooking all over the world. From little old ladies in small kitchens in the olive groves of Greece, to my Grandmother's cooking, to the best Greek restaurants in NYC(Milos, Molivos, Avra, etc...), I know my Greek food. While Kokkari does add a little California flair to traditional Greek dishes, it doesn't abandon the cuisine's true heritage. The service is also consistently great.My Favorite Dishes:Apps-Oktapodaki(Grilled Octopus)Pikilia(Spreads)Kolokithokeftethes(Zuchinni Cakes)Horiatiki (Traditional Greek Salad)Entrees-Lamb ChopsLamb ShankGrilled Branzino (Fish of the Day)Desserts-GalaktobourekoFlourless Chocolate CakeFrozen Yoghurt & Granita
So maybe you shouldn't always finish what you started? If I'd stopped after the appetizers and the pinot, this review would be a slam dunk, singing the praises of a meal even Dionysus would be wow'ed by. But, unfortunately, we ordered main courses. And then preceded to go home and eat a snack so we wouldn't go to bed starving. The dolmathes were awesome, the melitzanosalta was unparalleled, and I could've ordered seconds AND thirds of the aginares souvlaki. But the lamb chops were nothing to write yelp about, and the red snapper came out only partially cooked and swimming in about an inch of oil. Flavor? Try again. All I can say is, come for the wine and fill up on all the amazing mezethes. I'll definitely be back for a great START to the night, and that's all.
I gotta say, i was expecting more. I thought that for suere i was gonna give this place the big 5, but i can't. I will say the service was excellent, the ambiance has an old world swank to it, very digable. But as far as the food, I must say I was expecting more. I had the zucchini cakes, with yogurt sauce-Awesome. my date order the roasted beats... which were beets, im personally not crazy about beets but i wont let that effect the review rating. Its also difficult for me to dock points for a comped item that was sent out as a gift of sorts, but the tempura fava beans(no chianti) where off, definitely missing something. My biggest grievance was with the signature dish-Lamb chops. over cooked med rare+ was about a medium well, but i wasnt about to send them back, my date ordered the fish special... definitely not great. kokkari sunday for dessert mostly as a joke, and greek coffee.4 stars, great rating, but i really thought i was gonna give 5.the good news is, i had all that and a great bottle of pinot, the bethel heights, $60 all for $200 including a 40 tip. excellent date spot.I'd like to go back and give them another shot to wow me.
Valentine's Day 2010--my boyfriend is the best! Everything was soooooo yummy from the fried cheese appetizer to the lamb chops for my main course. My boyfriend had the roasted pork platter. It literaly looked like they sliced up an entire pig and put it on his plate. The little taste I had was scrumptious. He absolutely devoured it all. We were hoping to make it back over the holidays for their roasted goose. I'm sure it's phenomenal!
Went with a group and tasted a bunch of different things, which were all very good. The one item that stood out and that I'll remember forever were the grilled octopus. Never had anything like it. So tender and completely different from the Korean (and the only) octopus dishes I've had in the past.
Husband I came here for an early dinner last Friday for his birthday. We were seated in the front area of the restaurant and I absolutely loved the vibe of the place. Our server Christopher was outstanding, attentive (but not overbearing) and his descriptions of entrees made my mouth water. My husband enjoyed his lamb chops and I enjoyed my entree, which was pork on their rotisserie. I'm filipino and it's basically an American version of lechon - yum! The sundae was outstanding and I will defniitely come back here again!
Service, atmosphere, and food was phenomenal.
Love everything about it. Had an absolutely amazing anniversary dinner there and they went the extra mile to take care of us. I can't wait to go back. Highly reccomended.
With 4.5 stars, Kokkari doesn't really need much more praise, but I'll tell you a little about my recent experience there.We had a reservation at 8:30 on a Friday night, but weren't seated until around 9 (booo -1 star). Our waitress was a delight, she was sweet and chatty (but not overly), and was very helpful with choosing menu items. We went with 5 mezethes (small plates) vegetarian style. The food was delish, but I think we ordered one too many fried things :(We sat in the front room / bar area, close to the door, so we were freezing our asses off most of the meal. When the waitress noticed we were chilly, she apologized and offered to buy us dessert. The lava cake was perfect!!! When we got the check, not only had she comped the dessert as she promised, but she waived the corkage too (they definitely earned that star back)! Kick ass, I love this place!
I've been here twice now. LOVE it! Can't wait to go back. Great service, great food.
Hands down one of the best restaurants in the city. The staff is very friendly and the food is great. This is one of the better Greek restaurants in the Bay Area. Hard to go wrong with anything you order.
I will try anything, once. Or twice...er maybe. So my friend made reservations, and got me all hyped up to join her...but this match wasn't truly meant to be in the first place. 1) I just don't like lamb, 2) I'm not a big sodium lover, and 3) I'm deathly allergic to walnuts.I enjoyed the zucchini cake appetizer, and the galaktoboureko dessert (filo rolls with custard, creme fraiche ice cream, and some of the most delicious figs I have ever had in my life, and NO walnuts, YAY). I ordered the Galeos (halibut) because I just didn't feel like having meat or chicken tonight. And it was OK, healthy-looking food, tender...sitting on a bed of veggies I could have put together myself, but after a couple bites I felt like it was a little too salty. If I ever came back I would definitely skip the grilled octopus appetizer (kind of a funky, smoky after taste that you need to chase with some Roederer - we were kind of celebrating). I would skip the lamb altogether, because I just don't like lamb. And did I forget to mention I am REALLY not into LAMB?!Our server, Karen was pretty awesome. I can't complain about the location or the ambiance of the restaurant...A LITTLE LOUD THOUGH. Just a LITTLE cramped. I was studying the dessert trying to figure out if I could even attempt to make it...but I came to the conclusion that I'd just have to come back for it.Tonight I spent $75 to enjoy a traditional Greek dessert. Yay. One star for Karen, a second for being decent, and the last one for the figs. Hmph.
My best friend in the whole wide world is Greek. We're talking Papu and Yaya Greek. Scoffing at the idea of Daphne's Greek. Dreaming of Tzatziki Greek. Dragging me to see that Nia Vardalos movie for the third time in the theater because it soooooooo reminds her of her family Greek. So when it comes to Greek food, I tend to trust her judgment.We went for her birthday and our group shared a bunch of mezes (appetizers). I wish there had been more portions of the small plates, but c'est la vie. Really delicious food, the highlight being the spanakopita. Flaky and spinachy and buttery. Three of us got the lamb shank. Rich meat falling off the bone atop orzo in a savory sauce. Astoundingly wonderful. (And this is where I should add that I don't eat ribs or anything else off a bone because it creeps me out so for me to not only eat this dish but love it says something.)Our resident Sugar Daddy/Good Buddy treated us kindly and picked up the tab...and to boost his "Awesome Husband Potential" even further, surprised my friend with a piece of birthday chocolate cake.I don't know if it was the food, or the ambiance, or that we got to take an elevator to go to the bathroom, or the fact that when we stumbled out of the restaurant we were a few bottles full of German Riesling, but my buddy struck the Mary Catherine Gallagher pose and triumphantly exclaimed: "OPA!"I'd say she enjoyed it, wouldn't you?
Great food and great service - my favorite restaurant in SF. Very classy decor, too. Food: Fresh ingredients, great spices, and attention to detail is what makes the food at Kokkari great. The zucchini cakes, grilled fish, grilled meats, all are great. I don't think I have had anything here that I wasn't impressed with. The food is actually better here than most places I went to in Athens, Greece - no kidding. Service: Other than having to wait (sometime a while) for a table, nothing bad to say. Attentive, but not overbearing.
Exceptional food. Great service. Wonderful atmosphere. Everything about the experience, from the time we walked in the door until the time we left was excellent.
came here for dinner on a saturday evening with my girlfriend, definitely a great mediterrenean spot. our reservation was at 6:30pm, but we got bored and came early at 6:20 and they were able to accommodate us. that is probably because we came just before the dinner rush, because 30 minutes later the place was slammed.the place is clean, nicely lit and server is polite and responsive. our server was a little quite but nice and helpful, but i saw some servers that were very outgoing - either way service was on point. we ordered a few small plates, but the items that really shined for me were the grilled octopus (VERY well cooked and simple but awesome flavor) and the kolokithokeftethes (zucchini fritters, tasty as well). for main courses, my gf got the moussaka and i got the lambchops w/ kokkari potatoes. her moussaka was tasty at first, but got to be so very rich we both had a hard time finishing it. my lambchops were well cooked and very tender, but the potatoes could have been better. both were very decent dishes however. for dessert we ordered the baklava with vanilla-praline ice cream, which was very good to top the dinner off! very tasty. we also ordered a half bottle of wine, which i followed up with a glass just for myself. overall, it was a great experience and kokkari has great food - i highly recommend it.
I was fortunate enough to get to go here for lunch.My work treated me because it was my 2 year anniversary with them. While there we got the Fried Calamari, Grilled Octopus, Spanakotiropita and Wood Oven Roasted Prawns. All were really good.The Octopus and Prawns were my two favorite appetizers. The Octopus was cooked really well I thought it was going to be really chewy but it was actually tender and easy to chew. The lemon, olive oil and oregano added a delicious citrus flavor to the Octopus.The prawns were fantastic. They came in a tomato broth with feta cheese melted on top. The cheese was a very nice contrast to the flavor of the shrimp and broth and definitely made this dish more memorableAt one point my Boss' boss said that we couldn't leave until all the appetizers were gone and since it was my anniversary I would have to be the one to eat what was left. I just smiled and grabbed my fork. I was ready to take that challenge. As an entree I had the Ahi Tuna steak. It was delicious, nicely seared with a bean salad. It was well portioned and the salad and pickled onions complimented it nicely.The wait staff was nice and very attentive. Our waiter came around several times to check on us and they had runners going around clearing plates and bringing water.I would definitely go back here.
Best restaurant in SF. I've been here a number of times over the past 5 years and have never been disappointed. Top notch service, even with large parties. The food is authentic (we were just in Greece) and always delicious. I highly recommend the Octopus, Taramosalata, Saghanaki, Gigantes and Psari Psito.
Nearly 400 reviews and the last thing you need from me is to join the choir and sing the praises of Kokkari. But I am. La-la-la.cleanscores.com/1883/Kok
It is difficult, this moment, I almost don't want to yelp you because I would like to be able to get a table. I like to drop in when in the mood and also plan ahead for special meals. Kokkari, your food is fabulous! The staff is gracious (oh, except for one snobby waiter) and the whole experience is great! I love the food, I am part Greek and have not had such fabulous food since family reunions and trips to Greece. Wonderful and thank you.
We went here for our anniversary and although it was a weekday we didn't have a great seat but the place was super busy! Couples, families, after work crowd...For apps we ordered: Spanakotiropita and Wood Oven Roasted Prawns. Simple yet amazing flavors. My favorite were the prawns! For dinner we both ordered lamb dishes and although we were not able to finish them (nice portion size) we took them home and ate them later. My braised lamb was so tender and aromatic. Yum, I want some now! Unfortunately we didn't have enough room for dessert but the server was nice enough to include a few small cookies, etc into our to go bag. Decor was homey and service was impeccable. I would come back here in a heartbeat... I think better for a group meal than something quiet and romantic but the FOOD! YUM... =)
haven't been in years, but glad to see it's still as good as i remember. had:the greek salad - it was ok, not a huge fan of cucumber but used excellent tomatoeskokkari salad - very standard, nothing to write home aboutzucchini cakes - excellent!! highly recommendlambchops - probably the best i've had, lamb was not game-y at alldefinitely recommend a reservation. the dining room is warm and comfortable and the service is extremely efficient...almost too efficient. we were seated, had eaten and paid within an hour.
Amazing lamb. Good wines, great service. It's expensive, but it's worth it.
Had lunch at this place while in San Fran. The appetizers are amazing, the baked feta which was definitely a highlight. The mains were good too, we had the chicken kebab and lamb burger. Both were very good, with a lot of flavour. Really nice setting, the inside is extremely clean and has a Greek feel to it.
I was taken out to lunch here by some coworkers about a month back. This place rocks. We ordered a ridiculous number of starters, a salad, and a few entrees. The grilled meatballs were among my favs and I highly recommend ordering them.I even tried the octopus salad. I'd never had octopus before, and as I expected, I didn't like it. But this place is so great that I tried it!
This restaurant ruined other greek food for me. Everything else will always be subpar and hardly worth eating. The food was so good, that even after getting what was probably the worst table in the house, behind the hostess counter and freezing with the door half open all night, I would still go back....It was THAT good.
I've had lunch there atleast 10 times and it's always been really, really...really, really good.Great spot for anything from a group meal to an executive lunch.
This may be MY FAVORITE SF EATERY! They have the most deliciously prepared lamb I have ever had. Whenever possible they use local and sustainable ingredients and you can taste the difference. I am not a fan of goat meat, but their goat stew is the stuff dreams are made of. Our waiter, Michael P. was a delight and was extremely knowledgeable of wines both domestic and imported. This is my number one choice when we are in the city!
This place really goes for it and gets almost everything right. The menu is varies and crucially offers both small plates and larger dishes. The interior is OK, a little on the stuffy side and the ambiance was just OK. Quiet enough for business dinners. The wine list was solid. Our waiter was exceptionally knowledgeable, to the point of over slightly overdoing it at times. The food was consistently strong across the board, and offered ample vegetarian options. My main criticism is that many of the specials and some of the menu was just a bit "out there." Goat stew for example. The dessert menu looked good but I was not able to partake. A nice choice for a business dinner or special occasion.
This place is the jam. Yeah you're gonna shell out some good coin but you do get your money's worth. The atmosphere is awesome, food is incredible, and service to match. You must order the lamb chop and the smelts. And the .. and the.. just order it all, you can't go wrong. In my Top 10 list of SF eateries.
Came here for a company recruiting event couple months back. Still one of the best places for a meal around the area. We sat down and had a few starters around the table for everyone to try. All were delicious and everyone seemed to finish it rather quickly. People just couldn't get enough of the different spreads. I got the lamb chops for the main course and it was out of this world. Probably one of the most delicious lamb chops I've ever had...made it pretty hard to share but I did. It would be difficult to make Kokkari a regular event but for special occasions, Kokkari would be perfect.
Oh my goodness, I left this restaurant so deliciously full and satisfied! The service was amazing, so attentive and knowledgeable of the food. They were even willing to let us sit, order three appetizers and say well, can we see if we are still hungry after that and order dinner? And it was fine! The food came out super fast... or maybe it seemed fast because of the wine? I finished my meal and realized I had been there for two hours. I really can't say enough good things about this restaurant. The only negative comment is that the brussel sprouts could not be made without the bacon wrapped around it. But, you can't have everything. Seriously, this restaurant is huge. There is a private room downstairs, and you have to take an elevator to get to the restrooms. I just really loved this place, in fact I wish I was there right now!Note: if you go on a date (good date place!) request the small booth near the front by the window; especially on a warm nite!
Easily the best meal I had in my week up north. I found out though this restaurant is owned by the same people as Evvia in Palo Alto, which is my favorite Med restaurant in the Bay Area. I ordered the wrong item though =/ , should have ordered the whole fish or the lamb chops which are their best dishes.Getting a table there for lunch on a weekday is tough, this was actually our second attempt to go during the week. Try to get a table reservation earlier like 11:30 if possible, that's what we did and it wasn't too crowded around that time. By the time we were done though, the place was packed.
We had to call early in the week for a Saturday reservation, but we finally made it for a late dinner at Kokkari! As sort of a "welcome back to the bay" celebration dinner, my old roomie knew we had to come here!It was good! There are a zillion reviews that say the same thing, so i'm not sure what I can add. You should go, just because you should.yum yum greek. OPA!
Great service and great food. I had the mousakka and my Girlfriend had the ravioli. both were great. Mousakka was a good hearty meal for a cold night.
Goat stew! Flatbread! Shrimp and Riblette apps! Tatkizi! Terramasalata! Pita Bread! Amazing Service! Everything is absolutely incredible.
This place is amazing..simply..nothing less than amazing! The food, the decor, the atmosphere..just amazing.I came here for my company's Holiday Luncheon and boy was I glad we did.We had made reservations a month in advance and that's the only way they will book the table for you. It has to be exactly a month prior to the day you show up. I did not make the reservations so that had no effect on me. Anyways, we were seated around a round table (I LOVE round tables, it's much more personable) and the service was light, quick, and very attentive in a discreet way (the best service you can ask for). Our server was smart, funny/quirky, and very knowledgeable about the menu. He seem like he takes alot of pride in his work (hard to come by). Now keep in my mind that this is an introduction to Greek food for me so please bear with me as I attempt to name the dishes.One of my co-worker is my partna' in crime, we vouch to always sit together and order different things so we both can share and taste everything. As a starter we had the dolmathes and the fried garlic smelts. I had Dolmas before so I knew what to expect when the little dish came. It was the best one by far.. really soft and the rice filling was very flavorful. The fried smelts was awesome.. AWWWee freakin' some.. They were so good.. I felt bad because I almost (not almost I did) finish all of them. It taste like garlic fries but better..these were little fried fishes. I also nabbed some grilled octopus and beet salad from the other people in our party. Those were good too.. but not Awwe..freakin' some like the smelts! For the entree I had the lamb chops. It was cooked perfectly, just the way I like them; medium rare. It came with a few wedges of fried potatoes. It was very good and very filling. The partna' had the whole fish of the day. It was a very fresh and flaky sole with a side of greens. Really tasty and healthy, a good choice for those of you who are counting..whatever it may be, carbs, calories, sodium, pennies.  For dessert we had the Baklavah, a custard filled filo dough dessert that I can't pronounce or name for the life of me, and the Dolce De Leche ice cream with a pine nut sauce. Everything was really good and very sweet, but maybe too sweet. Still they'll get five stars from me!Oh the bathrooms are a trip, you have to take an elevator to go downstairs to it! Let's hope we don't have any accidents on the way there.
Hands down, best lamb chops I've ever had in my life. Really nothing else to say except the place was hoppin' so be sure to make a reservation.
Exceptional food. To start of, the appetizer, crispy zucchini cakes with yogurt mint spread were absolutely mind blowing. They were unique, flavorful and blows away any crab cakes we have ever had before. The entrees, grilled sea bass with some delicious broth was the best. The lamb chops were probably just ok (could've been more flavorful) but perfectly cooked, yet overpriced. But the Kokkari potatoes on the side easily made up for any shortcomings of the lamb. The most scrumptious roasted potatoes that we had ever tasted. Aaaaaaaawesome! The dessert (baklava icecream) was actually a bad choice on our part, and did not pan out to our expectation. Definitely a top restaurant on my list.
Wow, i can't believe it's been so many years since i was last here (been getting my fill at evvia in PA).we had the private room downstairs where my partner and i entertained some of our top clients (one of whom is a gourmet chef). i can't say enough about how exceptional the food and service were. and it's well-priced for what you get. my discovery for the night was the duck dolmas (not sure if it was a special. my client ordered). YUM. the duck was so tender and flavorful it just melted .... :)
This is an abbreviated review since I hope to return for dinner. I celebrated a coworker's bday here and took her to lunch. Kokkari is very elegant but not stuffy. It was like power lunch central! The cucumber patties are succulent, served with a fresh yogurt sauce. I had the best lamb EVER here, served on skewers with a side of roasted or grilled tomatoes to moisten the several triangles of fresh pita bed. The spices were out of this world and my mouth was having convulsions.Lunch was not to expensive, but I hear dinner can be. I'm sure it will be worth every penny.
Excellent food paired with good attentive service.We arrived at 8:30 sharp for an 8:30 reservation but by 9pm, my friends and I were pretty restless since we hadn't been seated yet. They made it up by seating us in the private room and the first drinks at the bar were comped. I was expecting a little bit more for making 11 people wait 30 minutes, but the food and the service made up for it.We started with fried zuchini, octopus, spanokopita, and fried cheese. All of it was excellent. My lamb chop course was also delicious and well prepared.Service was snappy and fairly attentive. My water was kept full and the waiter took his time to inform us of the dishes and make sure we were happy. The private room downstairs was small but cozy and quiet for us to enjoy the meal.The deserts were both top touch and very tasty. In general, the food was pretty rich so you can probably forgo appetizers and leave very full.I was a fan and the food and service was mostly excellent.
This place knows how to make bad work day great!!!I went for lunch on Tuesday and had Lamb Tongue ($8), Zucchini cake ($7.75?) for appetizer. After two dish shared by two, I was already full. Lamb Tongue was very soft, and Zucchini cake was crisp and yammy (1 order for 2 cakes). Then, I had daily special of Pork sandwich with roasted vegetable and yogurt sauce($13). The yogurt sauce that they have here is very tasty. The sandwich is HUGE and was cut in half so we were able to share it easily. Two people shared this three dishes and it was more than enough. But we had to also try rice pudding with peach ($7?) to finish off. This, I will not order again, not because they did not make this right but I am not a big fun of rice pudding itself...Rice is best with soysauce!!The service was great. My bad Tuesday is now a great one.
Went here with a friend for dinner on a Thursday night and was pretty excited to check it out since I'd heard nothing but GREAT things. Pretty good but not AMAZING! I think the ambiance of the restaurant is what really makes it stand out...so well laid out and lush in decor. The food was decent, but nothing spectacular. We had the meatballs, ravioli and fish of the day. The meatballs were actually pretty delish, and I feel like its pretty had to go wrong w/ ravioli!? The fish was so-so.  Eat here if you're interested in a special overall dining experience, not just a drool-worthy meal.
What can I say... All you Yelpers were right, this place is simply amazing. I was here to celebrate a very close friends birthday on Wednesday, we could not have picked a better place. Around the the bar was packed, the drinks were just right, delicious and had a kick to them. The food was sublime, we had a variety of dishes so decided to sample each others others, it's a good way to go if you want a bit of everything. All the plates were perfect, but my favorite was the "LAMB CHOPS"!!!, done perfectly, tender, juicy, and seasoned just the right way... This is a must go place.
Walking into Kokkari is like walking into a friends house...actually let me re-phrase that, it's like walking into a rich friends house, ok fine it's like walking into a really nice homey feeling house. The chairs are big and comfortable, the lighting is dim, there is a big open fire and there is an open kitchen. It seems as though there are no bad seats in the whole restaurant & the bar looks very relaxing and intimate.After reading all of the reviews and hearing all the hype about Kokkari, I thought for sure I was going to be disappointed, but I was definitely WRONG! The wait staff and hostesses were awesome, they were really friendly and were everywhere, when you needed them, but out of sight at the same time...is that even physically possible? I guess so! It was probably the best service I have ever had at any restaurant, which says a lot. As for the food, it was equally amazing! The zucchini cakes with dill sauce were awesome (I am craving them right now) and the spanakotiropita (spinach, filo dough & cheese) were very good as well.For my main course I ordered fish that came with potatoes, pomegranate seeds and whole cloves of garlic, which was delicious. The rib-eye steak was also really good and was served with spinach and potatoes. I wish we had ordered desserts, but we were too full. I guess I will have to go back soon...like I have to force myself. I would definitely recommend ordering a bunch of appetizers and maybe splitting entrees so that you can try more things on the menu since EVERYTHING looks awesome!Everything from the service to the atmosphere to the food was perfect, and as hard as I try to find something wrong with the restaurant I can't (besides for the high prices), but I still definitely think it is worth every penny and I can't wait to go back!
I stopped in here on business one time, flying solo. They didn't have any tables available but the host and the bartender both saved me a seat at the bar (as a group was leaving). They made sure no-one else sat there while I used the restroom, so that was a nice gesture.I sat down and the bartender was very attentive. After a few recommendations, I got the lamb chops, the zucchini appetizer, a glass of shiraz, and a dessert pastry-like thing which I don't remember the name of.Every part of this meal was just incredible. The food tasted delicious, was prepared and presented well. The service was impeccable; they regularly checked up on me. Couldn't ask for a better experience.
Huge fan of this place. The atmosphere, food, and service are superb. They also have a great wine list. It's also a great place for a semi-casual business dinner. The noise level is not too loud but not awkwardly quiet either.
Probably deserves more than 2 stars but i can't get myself to give it three. The service was fine. We had the room to ourselves upstairs. You know the one next to the restrooms that people have to take the elevator up to.Its not because its expensive, or because of the presentation or the service. Prices are nothing compared to gas prices. Service was pretty good. Portion size was rather large and they look good. Its just all so "ok".  Also, the ribeye was extremely salty. extremely.
Every single thing we ordered was divine, from the wine and appetizers down to the dessert. My friend and I had met up earlier in the day to go shopping and then her husband and his friend wanted to meet up for dinner - since I live next door, they suggested Kokkari. I've been living in SF for about 10 months, but just never went to this little hidden gem. We ordered a boat load of appetizers for the table - get the Saginaki (flaming cheese) for sure. And then for my main meal, I ordered the soup and persimmon salad...the food was so good and I ate so much I was actually full until the next day. I cannot wait to go back. YUM!
What's left to say, 1426 Yelp reviews so far, almost all 4 to 5 stars. Well we went for the first time tonight and if I could give 6 stars, I would. This is my new favorite restaurant, definitely in San Francisco, and probably in the U.S.. Lamb chops, cooked to perfection, whole Petrale Sole, cooked to perfection, service, perfect, ambiance, perfect.
Sorry, but no.... I have Greek family and I know Greek food so I decided to go to Kokkari after numerous friends recommended it. The wine BTG I was served smelled of acetone, obviously the bottle had been opened for a couple of days. Then, the beer my bf ordered was later filled with water by a forgetful waiter. The shrimp appetizer was good, but our entrees weren't! I had the lamb shank which had a red sauce that tasted of canned pasta. My bf had a rissotto... hmm...wasn't too bad, but not for a restaurant like Kokkari. We weren't too pleased with what we had eaten so we ordered dessert...couldn't go wrong with a Greek dessert! Had the yogurt... it was ok....I guess....kinda wierd.... sooo what happened?? I think it might have been an off night, I truly want to believe that. This restaurant has so many good reviews and friends insist that this restaurant is amazing.. so Kokkari, I promise I will give you another chance. I will change my choices and forget about my prior experience.P.S. Something positive I can say about Kokkari is that it has very very prompt service and a beautiful interior design.
Great service, lovely ambiance, and delicious food=5 stars.Highly recommended
We went on a Saturday night. They gratiously sat us right away, despite being 15 minutes early. The restaurant was really cute, and the service was great. Our waiter even helped teach us how to pronounce a few Greek words, including one with about 20 letters!We were very pleased with the food, the decor, and the service. We will go back!
There is really nothing I can say that hasn't been said already so I'll just keep it short and sweet. Food is great and its a great place to hang out and bring a date, family, or a big group.
This is one of the best restaurants if you are going on a business lunch or dinner. Probably a little bit on the formal side for a date or dinner with friends, but if it is work-related, everyone is sure to be impressed. Fantastic Greek food (try the octopus salad!), great wine list, perfect service. Five stars all around!
Look, we tried. We were ready to like it. We were ready to enjoy the fancy food, the fancier wine selection, the fireplace, the lot. But no... the weak link won:LOUSY SERVICE RUINS EVERYTHING"Is there space at the bar?""Yes, a few people are about to be seated, enjoy!"HAH! After much effort to forcibly inject ourselves into the unyielding bar crowd, we hoped we wouldn't have to fight to get the couple drinks we wanted, plus some quick noshes to munch on. But NO! After too much waiting at all points of our visit, we realized the only way to get anything was do to it ourselves: grab our own menus, force them to take our order, beg for bread to accompany our late food, serve our own oil for our dry bread...HELLO? KOKKARI? Do you have much experience with this whole SERVING thing?What's the problem? Are they understaffed? No, two bartenders behind their non-giant bar, and plenty of fresh-faced servers buzzing around us......just nobody that actually makes a difference. Or nobody willing to drop their attitude and actually pour a decent drink.Oh wait, I have to admit one reasonably attentive person -- the server who brought out our two, tiny spanokopita triangles (for $8). He was somewhat generous, even if the serving amounts weren't.No need to go back there again.
Always a delightful experience!Our waiter Abel made our experience at Kokkari a 5 star!He reminded me of Emilio, in Adam Sandlers movie, Mr Deeds. Our Abel would vanish until we thought of him, he was there in an instant. Glasses and such would disappear from our table without seeing them being taken away. i don't know how he did it...The food was tasty and the Sundae is unforgettable. Home made ice cream!!! This place has it all!I'd go back every night... Now I just have to find a date for every night of the week to be able to afford such a treat.Cheers!
Several years ago we went to Kokkari's sister restaurant Avvia in Palo Alto, and I could not wait to get back there. Sadly, there was a fire and the restaurant is closed while we are visiting California.The good news is we went to Kokkari instead. Fabulous! Wonderful atmosphere, terrific waitress, friendly, informative chef......but most important: the food is GREAT. The lamb ribs are fabulous, all the appetizers are so delicious, the moussaka great, the chocolate dessert was yummy.Here is my one "complaint," though it is really just a suggestion. This restaurant, and all other restaurants, should STOP serving a basket of bread before meals. It makes no sense. Why on earth would I fill up on plain old bread just before I am about to have a terrific meal with house-made pita, and all the other delicious specialties? We just had the whole basket wrapped up to take with us, because I hate waste. But this is a tradition that needs to go away, in my humble opinion. Anyone agree with me?
Beautiful decor, delicious food, I could come back here any day of the week.
How can this many people be wrong? Take it from me, they're not, Kokkari is great in every way. Decor-great, food-great, service-great. Honestly, one of the best meals I've had in a long time. Worth every dollar. Definitely try the lamb shank with orzo, it's so tender, slips right off the bone.
Came her for a nice dinner since my wife and I were all dressed up to go to a company party after. Valet parking outside for $8 was actual welcomed as it was nice to just drop the car and get right inside. For appetizers we had the zucchini cakes and the potato wedges. Sorry for not knowing the actual names of these items. The potatoes were really good they had oregano and lemon flavoring. We had two soups: the black lentil and the chicken lemon. I thought the soups were just OK compared to the appetizers. I probably would not get a soup the next time. For my main meal I had the ravioli's, my wife has the pork chop special. Both were really well done, I really enjoyed it. Full of flavor and really well done. Terrific. The service was very good, our hostess was very patient with our several picture requests. And I noticed whenever we got up for a picture or to use the restroom they came and folded our napkins back up. A nice touch. Oh I must mention the mens restroom. Although a trek from the main dining area (down an elevator in the way back), it was really nice. The thing I wanted to mention is the water is instantly warm. I cannot put into words how great this was. It made my bathroom experience complete. I wish all places did this. Overall a very nice dinner for our special evening out. We were really dressed up but you didn't have to be. You could just have something nice on without going all out. A definite gem.
I've walked by Kokkari tons of times before my first dining experience. Some days (summer) the windows are open, and when walking buy you can see in. But, I had no idea exactly how cool the place was until last Friday.My friend had made reservations weeks in advance; our table was ready right on time, we sat in the front room. The interior feels very homey, except that many tables surround you and some geese were rotating over a fire...other than that, just like a really big house. Arm chairs, lamps and dim lighting. Perfect date spot, wish we had a booth though.We ordered two appetizers, zucchini cakes and the giantes...everyone is right about the zucchini cakes; they are awesome! The "giant beans" were okay. We split the lamb chops (medium rare was perfect) for our entree, they were REALLY good. Tolosa Pinot was nice, I only had one glass. If I would have had another I probably would have finished off our entree, but we left one lamb chop on the plate.I will be going back for sure.
One of my favorite meals yet in San Francisco. I think we ordered just about everything on the menu and there wasn't one thing I regretted! Someone else in the party picked this place, I wouldn't have selected it myself, but now I can't help gushing about it to anyone looking to a great restaurant.
I love Greek food and this place is one of the best in SF by my opinion. We come here for business lunches and also had a big company dinner and everytime it is amazing! Their pita is thick and soft and delicious, today we had zuchini cakes and watermelon with feta, pinenuts and basil (AMAZING). I highly recommend you check Kokkari out if you get a chance.
Kokkari doesn't seem to need the help of yet another perfect review, but I can't deny them my five stars!When people asked about my San Francisco trip, I said, "We went to the most perfect restaurant and has SUCH a nice evening! . . . Oh it was also raining the entire trip, and someone busted the rental car window and stole my suitcase."
Whoa - am I stuffed. We went to Kokkari with some family members and had one heck of a good time. The service was impeccable except for one waiter who showed up only once as a follow and had some attitude, but he never showed up again. We started with a selection of the small plates that included the prawns, giant beans, some sort of fried Greek cheese, the trotters (which were surprisingly good), but the star of the small plates was the grilled calamari with black olives, fennel and orange. Holy cow, that was the best calamari I've ever had in my life! Our large plates consisted of the goat stew, some ravioli and of course the lamb chops. Everything was amazing and the waiter helped us pair up some wines. For dessert I had the baclava with praline ice cream and it was darn good.The ambiance of the place, too, deserves mention. The restaurant is deceptively large when you get inside. There is a rustic sort of feel with all the wood and what looked like wrought iron or something to me (sorry I'm not so sophisticated). In the main dining room people looked really comfortable in high-backed chairs with arms and plush cushioning. We wound up in the back back room (beyond the back room) I am only assuming because of the size of our party, which was seven. The front room was your usual deuces and four-tops, the back room had really big tables, while the back-back room had the sort of medium sized tables for groups of our size. On the way we got to pass the kitchen which was cool. I love the energy in a restaurant's kitchen.
Top notch food, staff and atmosphere! Conveniently close to downtown for a business dinner. Looking for a place to take a client? You cannot go wrong at Kokkari. They always make every trip there feel like a special occasion.
All I can say is "wow!" Was on vacation and had dinner at Kokkari, based on the recommendation of a Chicago foodie. Given that I live in such a food-loving city, it can take a lot to impress me -- and Kokkari did just that. We had the artichoke, fava bean and mushroom appetizers. Each of them was amazing. For entrees, we had the halibut and lamb chops. Dessert was the lemon/cornmeal stuffed filo dough. Yum, yum, and more yum! Brian was an amazing server -- he made a fantastic wine recommendation, and was very attentive. I can't wait for my next trip to San Fran, so I can revisit this gem!
I wasn't THAT impressed with the food sad to say. My friends and I ordered the Kokkari Patates and Spanakotiropita for starters and I found the patates really salty.I ordered the Kokinisto me Manestra - I felt the lamb could have been a bit more savory - perhaps added more spices to give that nice Mediterranean kick.Sadly for the total price of my meal ($50 + taxes and tip), Kokkari is sadly overrated.
Well, after Kokkari being on top of my list of restaurants to try for a very long time. I finally had a chance to try it this past week, so I can easily say that I started 2010 on the right path. The dinning room is gorgeous, rustic and very cozy. As you enter Kokkari you are greeted with a genuine smile from the hostess. We were seated promptly and very near the large fireplace ( which was lovely on this particular cold night ) This fireplace is located on the front dinning room, by the way. The service is very nice and very professional. One of the best wine lists I have ever seen, excellent selection of wines. Now, the food is incredibly delicious such the starter " Zucchini cakes" with cucumber & mint yogurt dressing.. yummy, we have also try and this is a must have "Artichoke Souvlaki" Grilled artichokes & eggplant skewer with greek yogurt and housemade pita simply amazing! The two main courses we tried and they were equally delicious... Whole fish roasted or traditionally grilled with spices and cretan olive oil and rib eye steak cooked to perfection served with kokkari potatoes. These last two items are very generous in portion, so I recommend splitting or sharing them. One last recommendation, when the dessert menu arrived there were at least 3 items we wanted to get, but we opted to have a ice cream sunday ( only vanilla ice cream) it may sound simple but was soooo good. Overall I can only say "Very impressive". Can't wait to go back.
Yum Yum...I love the cucumber mint yogurt they serve with the fried zucchini pancakes, De-lish!I thought the stuffed calamari was just OK...kinda weird orange taste mixed in with the grilled calamari that is stuffed with feta and olives.Very tasty meatball appetizer, but a tad small portion to share. My BF and I chose to arrive early so that we could get a seat for two at the bar and do cocktails and apps. Perfect timing, we arrived at 5:45pm on Sat night and scored the perfect bar seats. The bartenders were very nice and attentive, and the food came very quickly after we ordered each app.I loved the flourless chocolate cake, very rich. My BF had the rice pudding and glazed peach which was the perfect dessert to have along side the chocolate cake. It was light and refreshing and balanced the richness of the chocolate cake nicely.I've been to this restaurant about 5 times now and each time it has never disappointed. Solid food served by friendly competent servers.
This is some of the best high-end Greek food I've ever had. The grilled lamb's tongue was good and it was my first time eating tongue. The eggplant and artichoke kabob was fantastic, especially the yogurt sauce. The lamb shank was quite good as well. But the best item of the night was the moussaka. Perhaps the best I've ever had. The galaktoboureko (our dessert) was also delicious.
Well it's kind of too large to be charmingIt's got a lot of windowsThe open ovens and stoves are very attractiveStaff well appointedWarm colors. Cali-Eastern Decorum and Yummy Food of course.-=but not that yummy. I only went once.
Had my wedding reception here. Everything was amazing. This is still the best restaurant in the Bay Area.
The decor reminded me of being in LA. I want to come back until I've sampled everything on the menu.
Oh how I wish Yelp allowed for half stars. The food was excellent, the atmosphere was great and the wine list was vast and did have a few nice bargains on it. I did not have a single bad dish, though some were better then others. I pretty much loved everything I had there save the octopus, which wasn't seasoned enough for my tastes. As half-sies are not allowed, I had to chose between 4 and 5 stars, and our impeccable service puts them over the top. We decided to do two rounds of orders of about 4 small plates and our waitress was not only extremely helpful, but was always there refilling our water and our wine and answering any questions. I deff want to go back again because the lamb shank (a main course, while we decided to stick to mestizos) looked FRICKEN AMAZING.
Been there three times. Very lively atmosphea. Nice foods and services. Like their seafood over meats.
The steak. As good as it gets!
Yummmm. I ate so much here i thought i was going to explode. The food is delicious. Vegetarian options are plenty.  It is a bit spendy for a lunch, but let the company take you. well worth their money. Downfalls: LOUD!
Fries with Eyes Fries with EyesFries with EyesFries with Eyes
I've been a fan of kokkari for a long time -- the food and ambiance are always dependably great, and the service usually matches. However, our server last Friday night turned a rare night out for my husband and I into one that felt decidedly average and unspecial. He was both abrupt and rude. He didn't have time to answer our questions about the menu and kept looking away while he was talking to us. The appetizers came out too quickly -- we had three things on our small table at the same time which made it hard to share and maneuver. The server took my plate away while I was still in the middle of eating our apps, but he left my husband's plate. When I asked to have my plate back, he said he was switching it out to get a cleaner one, but why wouldn't he have taken my husband's equally dirty plate then? We also asked to have some of our leftovers packed up for us to take home, and we never got them back. Now that we have young kids my husband and I aren't able to go out as much as we used to. I can assure you that after our experience the other night, it will be a long time before we spend our money with kokkari again.
i had a totally different experience this time around, maybe as i get older my taste buds changed, but wow, the food was awesome! started with an order of their pita breads with 3 different spreads, roasted eggplant, creamy yourgut and their smear of salted "fish"?, my mouth was in heaven. if they didn't come with our entree, i could have totally had an entire meal off those spreads. but thank god i stopped, the perfectly cooked medium rare lamb chops were delicious. well seasoned and well cooked. what more can you ask for to end the year? great food/service, incredible company and a solid glass of the most delectable wines.thank you for such an unforgetable night!
I love Greek and this is probably the best I've had. Highly recommended. Treat yourself!
I've lived in SF for 18 years. Single and without kids, finding SF's best dining experiences is a favorite hobby. Over the years, Kokkari has consistently ranked among my top 3. More recently (past few years), as a neighbor, it has become my top-line favorite. The food, the ambiance, the people, the wine list... every time, this place serves up a memorable and satisfying experience.
I'd hit this shnitz so hard King Arthur couldn't pull me out.Not only is Kokkari (Ko-car-ee) my favorite restaurant in the city, its probably my favorite bay area experience not (necessarily) involving my lovely wife, motorcycles, or pirouetting penguins and electrical tape.The first thing you'll notice when you walk in is the beautifully rustic living room with a bar at one end, a huge fireplace (often with meats roasting on it) and tons of overstuffed furniture. Past the bar is a second room that mixes amazingly well a high-tech spotless open kitchen, a glass-enclosed private dining room, exposed beams and standing lamps. Its an atmosphere that manages to be wonderfully romantic and intimate yet energetic and comfortable. Lots of restaurants try for 'casual elegance' but few pull it off the way Kokkari does.The food is every bit as good as the atmosphere, possibly even better. If you don't have the lamb as a main dish, at least get it as an appetizer (listed as Arnisia Plevrakia- grilled lamb riblts). Everything on the menu is great, but if you like fish and it happens to be available check out the Lavraki (sea bass). Amazing.For all this praise, the thing that makes Kokkari isn't the food or the furniture so much as the people. Management understands that the restaurant is there to make its customers happy and has assembled and trained a staff that takes this seriously. Service is wonderful... attentive without being obsequious, informed without being supercilious, friendly but not intrusive.I'd expect to spend about $75 a person for normal dinner. On our last visit my wife and I were both eating very lightly and paid $75 plus tip and a $20 bar bill for two appetizers, an entree, two servings of tea and a dessert.Reservations can be hard to get but the full menu is served at the bar. With a smaller dinning room semi-hidden on a lower level, the venue can also handle private parties of from eight to three hundred.
My Big Fat Greek DinnerAfter my friend heard numerous positive reviews from friends about Kokkari, we all decided to give it a try. The decor is very nice and gives you a warm homey feeling. It's hard getting a reservation here and even booking a week in advance we got a 8:30 reservation. The restaurant is large and has 3 sections. There is a large wood burning open oven that they use to grill the fish. As you walk through the restaurant, every waiter or waitress you pass by all greet you and say welcome. This is a small special touch that many people appreciate. A perk about getting seated in the back of the restaurant is that you get to walk by alot of tables and see what people are eating. Chinese people love to stare and see what other people are eating for some reason.The waiter was extremely friendly and very helpful. He took about 10 mins explaining all the various dishes on the menu and how you could have them prepared. For appetizers he suggested all the items we already were thinking about ordering. We had the:Kolokithokeftethes - which are crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber and mint-yogurt dressing, Spanakotiropita - which are filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill, Aginares Souvlaki - grilled artichokes & eggplant skewers with Greek yogurt Soutzoukakia - grilled meatballs with tomato & green olive compote We all agreed that the Spanakotiropita were the best out of all 4. The crispy zucchini cakes and grilled artichokes & eggplants were really good as well. The meatballs were a bit salty.For the entrees we ordered:The sea bass,Kokinisto me Manestra - aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra, Mosharisia Brizola - charcoal-grilled, dry-aged rib eye with braised greens & Kokkari potatoes The fish was cooked in the wood burning oven and had a good smokey taste, flavorful and moist. It was accompanied with vegetables that were also good. The meat literally fell off the bone on the braised lamb shank. It was flavorful and very tender. But my favorite of all is the rib eye. We had it cooked between rare and medium rare which at all good steak houses know it as rare plus. I'm always skeptical about ordering a steak at a non-steakhouse, but we decided to give it a try. Boy are we glad we ordered it. The meat was cooked exactly to our liking, red center and the steak was very flavorful, had a hit of lemon and was very tender. I'm a steak Nazi and have done extensive personal studies in meat so for me to say a steak is good is rare.For dessert we had the Galaktoboureko, which is semolina custard in filo with apricot spoon sweet & pistachio ice cream. It was very good! We also tried the Greek coffee which I didn't think was very good. Overall it was a great dining experience and the prices aren't that bad. I suggest if you eat in a group, order a bunch of appetizers and share the entrees family style. This way you'll get to try alittle of everything and the portions are large. Great place for a date or dinner with friends.We only tried this place because so many people have been raving about it. The next stop on our eating tour is Gary Danko, then French Laundry!
loved it. the service was lovely the ambiance was lovely and the food was great. i would definitely go again. have a blessed day
Went on a date here once and was sooo good. I loved the ethnic flare and the food and ambiance was incredible...
The food style is said to be Contemporary Hellenic Cuisine, whatever that means, it was indeed greek style food, modern greek, ok, that explains the style ;-)) The food indeed is excellent! The service as well, and the location itself is quite a hot spot in San Francisco, quite fancy people in there.The rest rooms are downstaris, and you have to take an elevator to get down there. I don't want to get stuck in there on my way downstairs.. And at the end, the prices were not too bad, with 4 people we didn't spend more than $ 250. The have a second location on the other side of teh Bay, Evvia, 420 Emerson Street in Palo Alto.
Kokkari is the trifecta of dining out for me. Excellent food with a non-snooty atmosphere and incomparable staff. The food and service are of the top caliber for San Francisco, but dining here is an experience. You feel warm and fuzzy rather than sterile and quiet. For me, it doesn't get better than this. As a party of three celebrating a birthday, we knew we were in for a treat as we walked through the sumptuous rooms of Kokkari with its warm woods, copper accents and fire ovens. Water service and bread were prompt (the birthday boy LOVES a good bread basket). Our waiter, Christopher, deserves a special mention. His encyclopedic knowledge of the menu was applaudable and he was just a nice guy willing to walk you through the menu to get the best meal possible. A chilled greek white wine along with a sampling of appetizers started us on our way. We tried the dolmathes ($7), Kolokithokefthetes ($9) and Spanakotiropita ($9).... all three were delicious, but the zucchini cakes were my favorite. For entrees, they offer grilled or plank-baked fish each day... no matter what it is, get it, get it grilled and savor. Served whole with roasted vegetables, it's impeccable ($32). As the other reviews will tell you, the lamb chops are arguably the best in the city; at $31, it's a worthwhile splurge for the flavor and tenderness. For dessert, we tried both the Sokolatina ($9) and the day's ice cream (baklava); they were both flavorful and well-balanced without being heavy on the sugar. With a little Greek Coffee (metrio means medium sweet), you'll get that kick you need to pull you out of the impending food coma from sampling all the delights of Kokkari. Pacing of the courses was great and the food is drool-worthy on all counts. Thankfully I had a generous gift certificate in hand and we spent it all. I highly recommend taking any client here the next time you've got an expense account to burn. Or, simply know that you're paying a worthwhile price for food, service and ambiance that all combine for a wonderful evening conducive to good conversation and great celebration.
Entering the high-ceiling, dimly litted restaurant I was surprised with how many people could occupy the interior based modest facade. Dressed to impress, circuling the bar and sipping cocktails empty stomachs and full eyes awaited to be seated. The longer I stood there the more impressed I was with the decor and the grand seating area-- especially when taken to a roomy booth near the back. The waiter was accomodating and generous, knowledgable and patient. The four of us who range in winos and foodies to your average eater decided to let the waiter chose our menu-- to our delight, everything was well-cooked and thriving with flavor. The lamb was flaky and the octupus was ripe with seasoning. Be bold. Leave it to the waiter and you'll be booking the next reservation over dessert.
I came here after an interview. Wow, this was good. We boarded a tiny elevator down to the basement where we had a cozy wooden room all to ourselves, complete with pointy nautical instruments hanging from the walls. Our waiter was knowledgeable and engaging. I had the grilled lamb chops medium rare, a glass each of Aristos Riesling and one of their Pinot Noirs, and baklava pieces mixed in with praline vanilla ice cream. It was gastronomically amazing. I was very happy with both of the wines the waiter chose for us. This place is definitely a treat.
I went on the evening of December 30th, and it was my first time (after reading other reviews on Yelp). The restaurant was a lot bigger than I expected it to be, but the design and decoration was very classy with great ambience.Our party was seated right away, and the food was brought in a very efficient manner. Our servers (three) were all extremely friendly and came checking at the right times to refill drinks and to see how we were enjoying our food. I definitely felt that we were being well-attended to.As for the food itself, we had, as an appetizer, some sort of mushrooms (tasty), the spanakotiropita (cooked to perfection), and a bread-and-dip platter of favosalata, tirosalata, and tzatziki. Each of them were delicious in their own right, but I'd say the tzatziki was the best! I ordered the Kokinsto me Manestra (lamb shank) as an entree. It was savoury and rich, though I had eaten a bit too much of the appetizers to enjoy it as much as I could have. The meat was tender and fell right off of the bone. For dessert, we had Yiaourti Granita, pomengranate-flavoured, which was advertised as "palate-cleansing" by our main server; this proved to be the case as the flavours of the mint syrup, yogurt sorbet, and crushed pomengranate ice blended well.I would absolutely recommend Kokkari (I personally can't wait to try some of their other dishes), and I'll be excited to go again as soon as I have the chance.
The lamb meatballs ROCK! And I don't like lamb. Really don't care for it. I think the meatballs are a combination of lamb and beef, but they are so good. You get the richness of the lamb without too much of the distinct taste of it. The smelt was good, but as totally expected, salty-ish. Service is top notch and the locale is just beautiful. Anytime I have a chance to eat here, I am the first to sit down at the table.
Everyone knows this is one of the top restaurants in the city. Amazing food - innovative yet comforting. Service is perfection. Decor is consistent, elegant, and adorable. Wine, always on the money and intelligent staff to support what you need.But like I said, this is already well known. All I am here to do is to tell you to go get the Goat Stew that is not on the menu, and might only be around for a few nights. Fresh Napa Goat stewed to soft shredded perfection. Then served in a small baking dish with orzo pasta soaking up all of the tomato based juices from the goat stew. Topped with fresh oregano leaves and divinely salty feta cheese. That's it. The stew has elements of cinnamon, nutmeg and clove giving a spicy savory earthy taste. Salt and cream texture balance out the mouth, and the orzo leaves the faintest amount of juice at the bottom of the dish.Don't think...just go and get it. Don't call your friends, just go yourself and sit at the bar. Bon Appetite
This restaurant had some mouthwatering dishes prepared perfectly to the tee. Their chicken is juicy, beef is tender, and lamb is delicious. I'm not a lamb fan, but the way they prepared it was most appetizing. There was no hint of "gaminess" and the meat was falling off the bone.The desserts are worth saving yourself for too. I highly recommend the flour-less cake.
I have to say I was a little disappointed. I live right across the street from Kokkaris and it was the first place everyone recommended to eat at. Pretty pricey and the menu is limited. It's a fun place to grab a drink after work though if you can stand the suits and snobby environment.
Update to my previous review for anyone coming here for someone's birthday, anniversary, etc. - we were treated like royalty! Food was outstanding, as always, but this update was really about the service.I brought my gf here for her 40th bday. I had flowers sent ahead and without being asked made sure we had the best seat in the house. They also brought multiple desserts and wrote "Happy Birthday Wendy" with chocolate over the plates. They also had my car running and ready at the front door when we stepped outside. Well done Kokkari, you've got a customer for life.
I lived in Astoria, NY, so I know Greek food.....not by choice. But this is solid Greek food.I prefer the down-home mom and pop, but Kokkari has good portions, cooked to your liking, a really good menu and the service is among the best in SF I have experienced. Kokkari is good for a date and/or group of friends. If you are lucky you'll see Newsome there hitting on his friend's wife.
One of the best Greek places I'm town. I took my Greek step-mother-in-law here and she loved it. They also have a good a wine list and great waitstaff.
ahhh Kokkari - you migh be the best meal I've eaten since I've lived in SF! OK, I'll keep it short - er since so many people love the place. Love love love the decor and the service!Food:Apps: greek salad, zuchinni cakes, spanikopita - all delcious!Mains: Moussaka, special rotisserie lamb, and halibut - again all delcious. One thing I will add is the Moussaka is richer than any I've ever had, very aromatic and amazing. Dessert - one special of fresh berry pudding, one Galaktoboureko - (semolina custard in filo with Meyer lemon spoonsweet & crme frache ice cream), and a berry tart with ice cream. I am NOT a dessert person but the galaktoboureko was one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten!! the custard was so good especially mixed with the pastry and ice cream. Honestly, orgasmic. Prices I felt were totally reasonable - especially for the quality of food, srevice and decor. Really, just an amazing dinner.
Kokkari is one of my favorite restaurants in SF, and hands down the best place in the city for Greek food. Good wine, great appetizers and amazingly authentic, hearty food. The braised lamb shank with orzo is so tender it pretty much falls off the bone - I order it every single time. Service is great and the venue is sceney, despite it not being "trendy" in terms of decor (i.e., the venue has a warm, meditteranean style; family-friendly and good for potential dates and business dinners alike; not exactly "hip" NY style decor, but then again, we are in SF).If you are a fan of Kokkari, you would probably also enjoy Evvia Estiatorio in Palo Alto.
My new favorite restaurant. The zucchini cakes were a revelation. As was the house-made pita bread, thick and warm and chewy and amazing dipped in the trio of delicious dip samplers. Speaking of which, the eggplant dip was incredible -- not smooth like baba ganooj, but chunky and slightly sweet and more like a relish. Also enjoyed the grilled octopus, blood orange salad, lamb riblets, lamb souvlaki main dish, and Greek cookies for dessert.The staff were charming and friendly, the atmosphere was warm and festive. Hope to go back again soon...
Had dinner with three of my great friends last night there. Wow, this place is simply amazing!! What a experience! The lamb chops were simply delicious. And I love the whole fish they did. And of course the coffee, desert.... I LOVE the place. It has great atmosphere, so warm and inviting.
How do you say fucking awesome in Greek?Warm, earthy vibe; lovely waitstaff and the food was superb. Definitely order family style here or you will be insanely jealous of everything that everyone else at your table is eating.
I went to Kokkari for my friend's birthday party. Once you step into the restaurant, you could feel the nice fancy atmosphere.We ordered many appetizers which I don't recall any of the names, buteverything was excellent.I ordered a whole snapper sauteed with vegetables. It was nicely cooked and flavored. My friend ordered a rack of lamb, and it was excellent too.They have very nice wine selection.Well, I have to say that the price was fancy too... I would love to go back but maybe on a very special occasion.You can definitely impress your date by bringing her here.
Never fails...yummmmy.Great atmosphere and service, not to mention the delicious food.Lovin it.
Thanks Yelp for helping us find another great place! With almost 2000 reviews, this place deserves yet another 5 stars for making our celebration for my mother in laws 84th birthday amazing. The staff was so nice to her, from the hostess to the servers, and everyone wished her a happy birthday which made her feel like a princess! We had the lamb chops, as good as everyone says, the moussaka, quail and octopus salad. We all agreed we would get the exact same menu again, everything was perfectly prepared. The octopus was lightly char cooked and so tender and light, perfectly complemented by the salad which was lightly dressed. Moussaka was complex and rich, the quail was beautifully seasoned with fresh herbs and the roasted veggies that come with it could make me a vegetarian! Loved sitting in the front section of the restaurant, the back seemed louder and more crowded. Make reservations and go, this place it wonderful!
Love Kokkari! Food and ambiance deserves 5+++, but the high price brings the overall rating down to 4+ stars for me.Been there for both business luncheons and evening get-togethers. Awesome menu, even on my "low-carb diet", I was able to order the most succulent, perfectly seasoned fresh seafood (Thalasina Scharas Yia Dio -grilled assorted seafood to include a whole fish for two people). The appetizers (mesethes) are also great. If you can eat a lot of carbs, get the spreads with pita bread (Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata), but if you want low carbs - get the Kalamari!The Turkish coffee and the Greek yogurt with honey and fig bring a perfect end to the meal....The location is also located in a very nice area - very accessible by BART and close to the Embarcadero.
Some may say that Kokkari has been done, but I disagree. Great food is great food, and Kokkari is solid.First, I love the level of quality in this food. It's easy to tell that the food you're eating did not come out of a can. When they make an artichoke dish, those artichokes are freshly peeled and expertly prepared. When they serve something with garbanzos in it, you can rest assured that they're going to be as clean and unmessed with as possible. The second thing I love is the seating. In the long run, comfortable seating is just a good idea. It pays off because people feel more comfortable. They can loosen their ties and enjoy themselves without feeling pushed or rushed. My only complaint is the price point. I don't see how why they can't shave a few bucks off here and there. Other than that, this is a real gem that I hope will be around for a long time.
Meh. Maybe I was just disappointed at its averageness, after Kokkari was talked up by coworkers. The starters ranged from delicious (melitzanosalata, taramosalata, tzatziki sampler, feta and olives) to average (spanakotiropita) to not very good (dolmas). My entree, the Ahi Tuna, was the biggest disappointment. It was a flat slab of tuna that I am pretty sure I could easily duplicate from the frozen section at Trader Joe's. My summer bean salad had maybe three summer beans, which were delicious, and the rest was a practically inedible (due to the stem to leaf ratio) plate of greens, with a small amount of pickled red onions. When it came to dessert, I was again disappointed. I am a huge fan of baklava, and although that is what they served me, I think they might have left the flavor in the kitchen, because it was downright bland. The environment was great, the decor tasteful, and our waitress adept, but the overall experience left me wanting more.
The food here is fantastic! The lamb roasting on a spit is a nice touch to eating authentic Middle Eastern/Greek food. The ambiance was comfortable and classy. It wasn't pretentious and you don't feel like you have to sit up straight and speak in complete sentences. Our waiter was great. He was very "to the point" and efficient with us. I would go back again but with my parent's. Honestly, it wasn't romantic enough to go for special evening out with the boyfriend and it's not funky or hip enough to go out with friends. It's PERFECT to go to with parent's, grand parent's or clients for a business lunch or dinner.
Alright first off, I just have to say that this is my first review on Yelp. Why is this my first review? Because this restaurant is AMAZING. It deserves six stars but I cannot give it that many so five will have to suffice.Basically, I can sum up this restaurant in one statement when happened to come up in conversation while dining:"This dessert gives sex a run for it's money."Go here. Eat much. It's well worth it and prices aren't bad at all for the experience, food, service, and atmosphere.PS - Make sure to have a few glasses of wine before/with dinner. It makes everything that much better. :)
I used to live across the street from here about 10 years ago and i would cross the street in my sweats to eat at the bar and remember how tasty the grilled lamb chops were.well, its better than ever now!  i finally got myself a date one day and asked him to take me there. i didnt realize what a wonderful date place it is. the old 'woody' decor and that huge fireplace just brought out the kitten in me.i ordered some grilled octopus to start out with. sooo tasty and didnt fill me up too much.the heirloom tomato salad was alright, but nothing to write home about. the tomatos didn't seem very heirloomy to moi.but the rib-eye totally made up for everything because i was put in a food comma afterwards. totally worth stuffing your face and having to work out everyday for 2 weeks for!oh, and don't forget the dessert with the pistachio ice-cream
First time here and I will definitely be going back for occasions both casual and festive. Overall fabulous place in terms of energy, ambiance and staff. Light and airy, yet really knowledgeable and serious on that note. The only weird part was the fact that you huddle into a small hallway to then take an elevator to get to the bathroom downstairs....not a huge deal.Anyway, went with three friends and stuck with the appies. Here is what we shared and what I thought of it:Fasolakya Tiganita (fried beans and cheese) - good but won't get again. Not anything special.Kolokithokeftethes (cripsy zucchini cakes) - FABULOUS! loved these. Good size, tender and tasty, cooked perfect.Bamies Briam (okra braised with tomato and onion) - loved this too. Okra was great -not soggy or gross, and just the right seasoning.Kalamari (calamari grilled and stuff with feta and kalamata) - no go. Texture was wrong for me. they did a good job, just not my personal fave.Sampler platter with: Melitzanosalata (feta), Taramosalata (salmon roe) and Tirosalata (eggplant) - These three were amazing, but the salmon roe was my fave. Sounds odd, but it is nothing like you expect. Please try it. THe pita is so fresh and tasty and with these spreads it is to die for. The dolmas on the side were ok, but the big event are the spreads. Dessert was the Galaktoboureko which is a filo with a semolina custard and then we had figs on the side with Greek coffee which is an interesting little thing. Different for American tastes, but good - strong, but good. The dessert was great too - really fresh and like all the other stuff, cooked to perfection. Wouldn't get it again because I saw other plates that looked more interesting - next time I am going with one of the specials.
Beautiful atmosphere, incredible service with a warm and friendly staff, and fabulous food - what more could you ask for?
I always thought greek food was falafels and olives and feta...Not at Kokkari. The food here is amazing!I hate lamb, but since their other main dishes were somewhat boring sounding, and I had deprieved my date from ordering anything with lamb on it for all the other dishes, I okayed the Lamb Shank, because the waiter said it was the "least lamb-tasting lamb dish". OH MY GOD. It was so freaking amaaaaaaaazing! I never thought I would eat lamb and think it was good. But it was. Amazing.We also had the hummus/yogurt type dish, forget what it's called, the greek pizza thing with caramalized onions and sundried tomatoes, some shrimp appy's and everything was so good! This is probably the first restaurant in a VERY long time that just blew me away! Loved it!P.S. So, I thought that maybe all the lamb I had tasted in the past was just bad, and I actually could like lamb... NOT the case. I can only eat lamb at Kokkari... Sounds silly, but true.
My husband and I went here for our anniversary, and it was great, we had great service, great wine and amazing food. We happened upon Kokkari by a recommendation from a friend who lives in San Francisco.We live in Sacramento, and Kokkari has definitely has become a destination when we travel to San Francisco. We had the stuffed and grilled calamari, zucchini cakes, and the seafood grill. We didn't order the calamari, but our waiter brought it out for us to apologize for the service being a bit slow, honestly, I didn't notice... I must be used to a much lower level of service. Anyway, I'm so glad we tried the calamari, it was great, probably my favorite dish we had that night.We will be going back soon!
OMG.If I could leave the review at that, I would. Nothing else I say matters. This place was that flippin good. Every single thing was delicious, and it was a cool atmosphere. A must go to in San Fran.
I really enjoyed the lunch here. Nice people, sweet food, in a classy setting. You must try their grilled octopus and the lamb riblets, perfectly prepared. The best Greek food I had in a while.
Went here last night with high expectations for my boyfriend's birthday and I was impressed.As others have said, you need a reservation because it is a popular spot, the atmosphere is rustic and cozy/a little fancy, and the staff is very friendly. After reading some good reviews of the lamb riblets we decided on that as an appetizer. They were in fact delicious and so tender. Each one was pretty small, but there were 6.For the main course I got the 'whole fish'. I forget exactly what it was (something I hadn't heard of before) but it was white, thin, and flaky... and so tasty. I got it grilled and the spices they used on it were so good. Keep in mind 'whole fish' comes with the head and tail (and then the part you eat is in the middle). It did have a few bones in one area, but as long as you eat slowly and are careful, it's not a problem. I didn't think the 'braised greens' were anything special but oh well the fish wash! My boyfriend got the lamb shank... I tasted it and thought it was pretty good. I can't say too much else but he seemed to enjoy it and finished it off. Good portions and value. My 5 stars are due to the awesome tastes that all the dishes had, just the right amount of sauce and spice. I wish we had gotten another appetizer (or more) because so many sounded so good. I guess I'll have to go back!
I feel as if I should have enjoyed Kokkari more than I did. The atmosphere is dark and woody, perfect for a quiet dinner with good company, with a large fire burning in the room. I found the tables too large and the chairs so uncomfortable, I was regrettably ready to leave after eating.I've eaten here for lunch numerous times and for dinner twice. First, I am not a picky eater at all, so all I can say about the food is that it was excellent and I had no complaints. I plan on coming in again and trying my hand at eating at the bar, something I always enjoy doing.
mmmmm.I used to work in the financial district. Kokkari has been the "business lunch meeting spot" du jour for me for years... I miss it now that I'm not near there!Went there recently and for the first time since I became vegetarian actually lamented my decision. The moussaka there is THAT good.Mmmm wine list.Mmmm spreads... lamb... chicken souvlaki... pretty much everything here is goodPLUS there are hot waitersMake a reservation, though. Its most always crowded.Enjoy!
Creative yet authentic Greek fare. Awesome wine list. Lively space. Gorgeous architecture. Perfect for special occasions to celebrate the awesome people in your life.  Don't mind the slightly arrogant wait-staff or the crowded walkways and you'll enjoy yourself.
Very very good food. I've always enjoyed Greek food, but never was a huge fan until Kokkari. I know Greek people who say this is the most authentic restaurant in SF. I've gone multiple times and never had a dish I didn't like. My first time here was with a large group for a work meeting and we probably ordered everything on their small plates section and 2 main dishes and shared everything. The lamb shank was huge. And rich. Things you have to order:EverythingI've worked with them to book this for event space and they were very nice and accommodating.Bathroom is downstairs. Traditional stone ground coffee. Very good, and cool to check out when they make it. Great place for after work drinks at the bar and order small plates. I highly recommend this restaurant.
Wow. I love this place.Every single time I go, there is amazing food and great service. This is one of my favorite restaurants in SF. I am vegetarian so I appreciate all the appetizers they have available for me!
Used to come here more often when I was working in the financial district.Good place to take clients, etc. Good food, but place is not pretentious like Aqua would/could be. Prices are a little on the higher side, but not unreasonable given the quality of food and service.They serve the best lamb chops!Minus one star only due to the sucky parking situation.
Took my mother here for her birthday with the rest of our family. All of us absolutely LOVED IT. Mandatory valet parking (which sucked but whatever), EXCELLENT waiter service, and a pleasant atmosphere all contributed to a fantastic dining experience. We indulged in a lot of different foods, but what I tried was this: From the appetizers: Epiros Feta (average - standard olives and feta), the Kalamata Pita (DELICIOUS), Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki, Favosalata or Tirosalata with housemade grilled pita (DELICIOUS - a plate of fresh pita with various Greek dips), Horiatiki (average - classic Greek salad). For my entree: Kokinisto me Manestra - aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra (DELICIOUS - the shank was not game-y at all compared to the chops and it had a very delicious and unique taste; the orzo was to die for). I also had a taste of my sister's entree which was the Makaronia me Horta - ravioli of braised greens & feta with summer squash, cherry tomatoes & pine nuts (TASTY - had mizithra cheese sprinkled on top which made it even better). For dessert we had: Fresca Fruta - iced seasonal fruit with mint syrup (DELICIOUS! The fruit was dragonberry I believe, and it was the perfect blend of tart and sweet). And I topped my meal of with a danty cup of their Greek coffee which is stone-ground and heated over sand (I got it medium sweet) - as a coffee afficionado and a student of coffee's history, it was fun to know the rich and interesting history behind the coffee while enjoying it - to say the least, it was absolutely delicious for a coffee fanatic! All in all, it's pricey, but well worth the money! We had an incredible time thanks to good company and a great restaurant!
The bar menu at this place had more Greek offerings that most dinner menus at other places. Greek salad of tomato, cucumber, and some other things. WonderfulThen they had some grilled lamb things. Great.the Moussaka that is rockin'For dinner:The ravioli with some chicken. And then lamb chop with orzo and something else.I have no idea what the names are of the species.Hell, it's all Greek to me. And great.
Average clientele is pretty snobby, some older bougie people tried to steal our bar seats even though we were there first. They told the bartender "Weren't we here first?" Umm, no. For that reason, I like Evvia more. I tried my beloved galactoboureko and it was not as good as the one at Evvia. The shame.
Lamb shank was wonderful. Service fantastic.
Would you expect anything less than five stars from a restaurant created by the nation that conceived modern philosophy, drama and democracy?I didn't think so.I wish I could address Kokkari with the moniker "undiscovered gem", but the fact of the matter is that it's all too "discovered", as the horde of Achaean-like patrons huddled outside its reservation system can attest to. Alas, everyone knows about this Greek restaurant and its fantastic foodstuffs, so be sure to call ahead if you have a large party. Or be prepared for a ten-year siege on its impregnable walls.Near Embarcadero at the edge of the Financial District, Kokkari caters to an upscale clientele. The ambiance is festive, not like the bacchanalia of yore, but much more subdued and refined (though with similar volumes of alcohol available: the wine list was fairly extensive). The feel of the restaurant was definitely Mediterranean, with large tables, heavy wooden chairs, and shiny copper crockery hanging from the walls, yet a very modern touch to the decor.The food was excellent. The moussaka was one of the best I'd had this side of the Pillars of Herakles. I chose the roasted chicken as my entree, though I probably should have gone with the more traditional Greek fare. Regardless, the meat was succulent and saturated with herbs that miraculously complemented each other. Despite my sophistry, I could find no flaws in the arguments posited by my taste buds (curse them and their Socratic method). Absolutely delicious.What struck me most about Kokkari, however, was the singular attentiveness paid to my water glass by the ever-alert busboy who catered our table. This man invariably came running to fill my glass every three to five sips of water. Never did I reach the halfway mark during my stay at Kokkari! Like a strangely compulsive Poseidon, he devotedly brought me the very element he commanded, keeping me hydrated and within homeostatic bounds throughout the night. His curvaceous pitcher was his Amphitrite, well-instructed in the ways of watery, refreshing pleasure. Together, they would drown me in their clear, trickling love and attention...Four and a half stars for Kokkari, plus another half star for this wondrous waterboy. Not even the gods can undo the work of Clotho, Atropos, and Lachesis: I shall return to Kokkari, for my fate is sealed.
fantasmagloriphorm. im a vegetarian. GOAT STEW BECAUSE ITS A FACE MELTER. birthday special occasion for the price, but totally worth it, totes ma' goats.
This was a very nice surprise. We were in the area late one evening and dropped in for a drink and light meal. The decor is very nice. Lit just enough so you won't go blind reading the menu but dark enough to create an intimate atmosphere.To the food. I did not know what to expect being that the extent of my Greek food experience was the occasional hummus at a party and the search for the perfect gyros. That said, I was blown away by the food there.Epiros Feta-Olives and feta covered in olive oil. My mouth is watering as I write this.The pita bread was great and I rarely say anything about pita or breads at dinners. You have to order this.The lamb riblets were amazing. They were perfectly cooked with just the right amount of seasoning. I thought about placing an order to go so I would have it in my fridge the next night to munch on.The crispy smelts were the best. They came with a some sort of potato garlic based paste that was perfect for sharing. I could eat those all night long.We were so full by that time that we split a prawn, tomato and feta dish that was also very good.We rolled ourselves out of there about 11pm I am sure much to the relief of the staff. We will be back though. I am now a huge fan of Greek food.
I loved it! I've been wanting to go here for some time now but it is one of my top 3 SF restaurants! I loved the food, atmosphere and the service was good. I'll be back!
"YA-MAS!"Kokkari's delectable cuisine is the kind that will transport you to the finest restaurant on Santorini's caldera...during sunset...overlooking the deep turquoise Mediterranean.... oh man, it is dreamy. Make reservations, and plan on devoting your night to savoring every morsel that is served to you. I have been here a few times, and each visit tops the last - so, so good - and best to share with your lover. The service is impeccable - they know their wine, and they know how to pair it with food. They are helpful and attentive, yet give you time and space to enjoy your meal. A few of their culinary gems - their homemade pita bread and rich babaganoush; crispy spanakopita, perfectly grilled octopus with fresh lemon, and the hauntingly delicious lamb shank is not to be missed!
my 5 stars should speak for themselves.what we ordered:Grilled Meatballs - with spiced tomato sauce & Greek yogurt Grilled Lamb Chops - with lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes Moussaka - traditional casserole of spiced lamb, eggplant, potato & yogurt bchamel (my middle eastern background makes this one of my fav. dish of all the restaurants I have been to. and despite the lack of reviews, I have been to many.) Rizogalo - arborio rice pudding with strawberries & Mavrodaphne Everything was simple, tasty, and cooked to perfection. This is one of my favorite places to eat in the city.
superb service and great food.
love, love, love it. great service and delicious food.
Had the Lamb and the Ribeye. I never knew lamb could taste that good, and the ribeye was as good as any (if not better than) top corporate steakhouse in Southern Cali like Mastro's, Flemings, or Ruth Chris. Ambiance is great for bringing a date. I would say this restaurant is underpriced because I would definitely more for the quality of the food they provide. Definitely a must.
I was taken there as a surprise, and the experience is fantastic. The restaurant is located in Jackson Square. You enter through an extremely high door, which hints at the high ceilings inside. Very comfortable chairs, white linen on the table offset by lots of wood set an elegant-but-rustic and comfortable scene.The food is gourmet Greek and we made sure to try a lot of the dishes on offer. There are various fruit-and-cheese appetizers (we tried the watermelon with feta). We bypassed the crispy zuchini cakes and opted for the phyllo dough stuffed with spinach and cheese. We also opted for some excellent octopus (the worry is always that it may be tough/chewy, but this was succulent). There are a host of other appetizers to share that all looked excellent. We chose to have the lamb chops, which the restaurant is known for and deservedly so.The wine list is phenomenal, hitting all the key spots around the world. We opted for a glass form Burgundy and a glass from Cotes du Rhone. There are plenty of bottles to choose from as well. We skipped dessert (we headed off somewhere else), but the desserts looked delectable.
The fried cheese is a must! Loved everything I had!
Best Mediterranean restaurant I've ever been to. Great atmosphere, nice people, excellent food. Pricey for sure, and maybe not so good for the whole family. Quite, intimate, and dressy. Keep it as a date night mom and dad. Leave the kids at home.For my SF friends - I recommend this as a perfect date night dinner outing...Next time I'm in SF - I have to get back there. So good.
I think they forgot to bring one of our appetizers (grilled artichoke & eggplant) BUT I didn't mind the least because the rest of the meal, the wine, and service was amazing. Also- the flourless chocolate cake is the BEST I've ever had in my life. Will definitely be back again.
Kokkari should be renamed Agnus Dei, because it is the LAMB of GOD
I've been here twice and both times I've had a good experience. It can get awfully crowded over the weekends so book a reservation early. The dips are pretty good!
So FANTASTMICLY good!We came here for a dual anniversary dinner. Food was WONDERFULService was great as well. My husband liked his lambshank so much he ate the fat!! LOL
I'm a fan and I'm going back! I was a little reluctant to hit up at greek restaurant in a city I'm not familiar with (being greek and all), but I couldn't escape it since my cousin said I "had" to try it --- and it's a good thing he did! The food was delicious and the place is HUGE! We sat at the bar (full menu) and drank greek wine while eating all our favorite appetizers: dolmathes, roasted potatoes, spanakopita, horta...all SO yummy. Only thing I have to mention that isn't positive was that our bartender wasn't the friendliest and didn't crack a smile once I don't think, but the manager (Dimitrios, HA!) MORE than made up for that. Wish my whole family was there to enjoy it with me, they would've loved the cozy atmosphere. Overall - it was a really great experience, and EXACTLY what I wanted to do with my last night in San Fran :)
So I am officially the 250th reviewer for Kokkari.Why?Because I am so f*cking full, I paid sh*tloads of dinero to feel this full and I still don't feel like I was overcharged.Ugh.Let's just hit the highlights, okay, 'cause you know I'm not going to describe the dishes in intricate detail:Wine list - oh. my. god. they have TWO lists - one of regular bottles and one of reserves. The regular list includes a healthy by-the-glass list as well as some very nicely priced bottles.Service - I love professional waiters. Love, love, love them! Ours was sassy, familiar without being obsequious and knew exactly what wine to recommend with the food. When my companion didn't like one of the selections he picked (we went blind and let him choose everything - sign of serious trust!) he replaced it with another with no fuss. Our meal was enhanced immensely by his suggestions.Ambiance - we were in the back room - thank you lord! - and it was comfortable, with the hum of conversation never overtaking our table conversation. I don't think I would like the front room, but the back room has a wonderfully old and worn feel.Food - I am in a coma. Do NOT ask about the food right now. Just...get dessert. Trust me.Overall a wonderful 5 star experience. I love San Francisco!
Two words:Lamb. Chops.Two more:Medium. Rare.Easily the best I ever tasted. They come with some nice potatoes and a drizzle of olive oil and lemon.They've got a pretty good wine selection, an array of traditional and greek inspired dishes, including meze, entree's and desserts (a perennial favorite being the fruit flavored granita). Service, and ambience are excellent, and its located in a quiet part of town.If you are looking for good Greek food in the city or you happen to be craving some lamb chops, definitely make it a point to stop in at Kokkari.
Kokkari is a top-notch go-to for Med/Greek cuisine. It can be crowded...even early with the after work crowd...so get a reservation and choose your seats. The layout is sprawling and long. Some tables (booths also) looked dark and tucked away...with larger parties in bigger rooms or in the private dining room on the lower level. We sat at a table in the bar area before a show. Great service, perfect wine rec., and great food. Order a bunch of the plates and dig-in. I can't wait to try it for lunch. Solid place.
This restaurant came highly recommended from countless people. Maybe it was the hype, but my experience didn't quite live up to expectations.First, the good:-The food: My boyfriend's rib-eye was great. He said it was probably one of the best steaks he's ever had. My lamb chops were really tasty as well. The potatoes could have been crispier, but so it goes. The octopus appetizer was good (my boyfriend was neutral about them), and the meatballs were delicious (but, really, I don't think I can remember meeting a meatball I didn't like). Dessert was passable, but not spectacular.Now, the bad:-Service: The restaurant was pretty understaffed. Our server was completely preoccupied with the large table of 8 behind us. I'm sure they were ordering a ton of wine, but really, when I'm paying that much money to eat at your restaurant, you should at least fake it. The couple next to us got the shaft as well, so I don't think it was personal. Just totally annoying. After our plates were cleared, it took the waiter over 15 minutes to bring a dessert menu. Hmph. He was also super-smug and pretentious. -Ambiance: We were seated next to a high-traffic aisle, and as a result, patrons walking by almost seemed to keep bumping into us. The tables were too close together as well, and the people sitting behind me felt it necessary to grab/touch my chair to steady themselves as they went to the restroom. Which happened at least 7 times. I did not appreciate it. In addition, this place was LOUD. Though I suppose that was all the better for my boyfriend and I to talk about our waiter practically in front of his face without him realizing it. Also, there was a large group of people seated at a table across the room, who thought it would be fun to toast themselves loudly every few moments as they got completely wasted. The decor may have been classy, but I wouldn't say this place attracts the classiest of patrons. Bottom line: the food is good, but there are so many better places to eat at in the city.
4/8/2008Another excellent meal! This place just rocks!- again, the taramosalata and favosalata with warm housemade pita was the best!- 1/2 order of the crispy smelts!- the saghanaki was divine! Who would think cheese and lemon work together?- the seafood grill was lovely but way too much food!- this time the yogurt sorbet came with blood orange granita. Another perfect ending.3/24/2008This place is fantastic! I came here on a tip and wish I had known about this place earlier. I loved every dish we ordered and the service was perfect.- the melitzanosalata, taramosalata, and favosalata with warm housemade pita was so good!- those crispy smelts rock!- both the grilled octopus and grilled calamari were both really good but a little too similar to one another. I would just order one or the other next time.- the grilled whole fish can be ordered with head or not. It's a thing of beauty.- the yogurt sorbet with satsuma granita & mint syrup reminded us of a really fancy creamsicle. We all agreed it was the perfect ending.
this is one of my all-time favorite restaurants on the planet. i used to come here all the time when i lived in the bay area, but have moved to LA a little while ago. so, you can best believe that i was going to have dinner there on my visit to SF this past week. went there with the lady, and we had some of the best bass and duck ever. they were the specials, but yet were not that expensive. the whole bill was around $100, i think, which was amazing considering we ate apps and entrees and had wine and beer, and dessert.i love this place, and it was so awesome having dinner here on my return to the bay.efaristo!
By far one of the best meals ever in SF!The romantic lighting and fireplace make the mood. The olives were, as expected, delicious. The lamb was actually roasting on the fireplace spit when we came in and by fiancee said it melted in his mouth. My fish was delicately cooked, but was yummy and lemony-olivey.The food took awhile to come out of the kitchen, so the waitress brought us our amazing desserts on the house. There is a reason why this restaurant is rated to highly.
Variety selections of lamb, but not good for sea food. If you are not a fan of lamb, please dun go there...
My second favorite restaurant in the city- holy jeebus!! Love, love, love this place. Simple flavors, seasoned extremely well and executed consistently. Every time I cheat on Chiaroscuro and come to Kokkari for lunch, whatever I norder tastes exactly the same as it did the previous time.Best things on the menu (in my opinion): the lamb and chicken souvlaki are to die for. The moussaka is also outstanding. As an appetizer, go with the zucchini cakes.This place is always completely packed at both lunch and dinner. The restaurant winds around all the way to the back, and is deceptively larger than you would expect. However, every time I make a reservation, I always wait about ten minutes to sit down because literally every single table in the restaurant is full with the exception of the one being cleared for me. That's a good sign of a great restaurant.
Yeah. Definite yeah. Go. Go now. Repeat. Probably my favorite meal of the year for 07 was my first time dining at Kokkari with my Girlfriend and we both loved it. We returned a few months later with her foodie friend and my cousin (the infamous chef referenced in other reviews I've written); they both loved it.Last week with "boss" in town from NY, I brought him and a colleague for dinner and they both loved it.Why? The Room - It's upscale without a hint of pretension. Warm, comfortable with a rustic charm that is in no way kitschy. It feels like someplace you can relax and go again and again.The Service - kind, friendly, personable and also very warm. You like the people, you enjoy talking with them and value their suggestions. The Food - I know, I know, it really belongs on top, but the other two are also outstanding. Whole roasted fish is perfect. The lamb is regarded by some as the best in the city. We had a stuffed Calarmi dish that was like nothing I'd ever tasted. The specials are on point. The desserts are good. The originality - French, new American and California have been done, many times, and the choices are endless. The menu here is different from what you see everywhere else...if only I could pronounce it all.People, this is what a good meal is all about.
Just wanted to let the world know that this is hands-down one of the best restaurants in SF and has never disappointed - they just keep getting better!Go with a group and get the Hannia room downstairs - it's intimate and you will feel like your're in an old Greek kitchen...and their service is impeccable. Had the Lamb Shank last time I was there and couldn't eat it all if I tried - and I definitely tried!! For appetizers you have to try their sampling of Hummus, Baba Ganoush, and other random dips - and of course their marinated Octopus...oh my GOD it was delicious.If you don't know what to get, just ask your wait person to recommend some stuff - they have never steared me wrong and their wine selection is incredible. Their sister restaurant in Palo Alto - EVVIA is awesome too - but I would pay the gas and the extra parking to go up to the SF locale any day of the week - trust a major Foodie on this one y'all! ;-)
I can't rate this restaurant high enough. Even the day after Thanksgiving I ate like a pig.  A friend that owns her own restaurant even says Kokkari is one of the best, if not the best, restaurant in San Francisco.Just go.
Greek is my favorite kind of food. I was lucky enough to live in Greece for two years dining at the tables of tavernas and yiayias (grandmothers) across the country. Kokkari made me feel like I was there again. It's completely authentic, so authentic, I even heard Greek being spoken in the restaurant. We had a lot of food: fasolakia (white beans) zucchini cakes (always a must), the Psari Psito stin Sxara (a whole mediterranean branzino sea bass, holy cow that was good), stuffed kalamari... everything was incredible. Kokkari is as good as it gets. I've eaten at enough Greek restaurants across the bay area to say that. Everything about it was comforting. We got a table in the window looking onto the park, next to this enormous firplace with a rotisserie lamb inside. It was my birthday as well, so they brought out some baklava icecream with hot fudge... wow, it was so good. It's just the best, hands down.
I have only had lunch here, but it was pretty great. I like how they didn't shun me for ordering multiple small plates. I gotta maximize up the flavor combos yo! The stuffed squid squid was awesome. Great service.UPDATE: Made it here for dinner the other night and was excited because as well all know a dinner menu can put a lunch menu to shame. I had some smelts and the goat stew which was insanely good. So good I had the leftovers for breakfast. Nothing like some tender goat meat in the morning.
Wow! All I can say is Wow! You have to try it.
I've been to Kokkari twice. The first time I went was lunch, the food was GREAT! The service was EXCELLENT! The second time was food still good, service SUCKED! The bartender (some short middle aged guy with bushy brown hair) was an ASS. He was super arrogant and RUDE! We had the octopus, watermelon and goat cheese salad, spanokopita, etc. We ordered everything on the starter courses and loved all of them!!!
After hearing great things about this place through reviews and friends, I was finally able to dine at Kokkari. Definitely one of the better experiences I've had in SF but i'm not entirely sure I was able to fully enjoy the experience because of the lack sleep I've had.It's the first time I have had fine dining for Greek cuisine and it was great! It seems that the quality and choices of appetizers are better than the entrees so you might be better off ordering more appetizers and just share an entree. I had grilled lamb chops which was great, and shared a bunch of appetizers (pan friend cheese with lemon & oregano, grilled octopus, grilled lamb tongue, and the platter with grilled pita) which were all really good. Wine selection is pretty limited but we did get a bottle of Stag's Leap so can't complain!In addition to the food and drink, the service was definitely great as well. The waitress was extremely attentive and friendly. I'd love to go back but reservations are hard to get for short notice so it might be awhile. Definitely one of the better restaurants in SF.
If I had clients and an expense account, I would only bring them to Kokkari.
This place is Uh-maaazing! Seriously! Has a great atmosphere! We went on a Monday night and it was packed. Definitely make a reservation! We made a reservation, and still had to wait 30 min! But the restaurant called me the next day to apologize again! Seriously, the service and the food was all the way superb! Perfect for an intimate birthday with a significant other or a few close friends.
Be prepared to spend an arm, leg & part of your torso on a meal here. Appetizers: Delicious, expensive and small in portion. Dinner: My dining companion had the pork special and it was FANTASTIC. I ordered the sea bass special and was not all that impressed by it. Desserts: The trio of desserts which we ordered were absolutely DELICIOUS. Drinks: The pomagranite martini was good (could have used a little bit more vodka). Service: The waiter was on his toes with our large party throughout the evening. Bravo to you!
I took hubby here for his birthday, and I can't say enough good things about this place. The waiter was perfect: attentive without being intrusive or calling attention to himself; he made excellent recommendations and provided knowledgeable guidance on our selections. I had the lamb chops which is one of their signature dishes, and I think they were the best lamb chops I've ever had: seared with lots of crunchy bits of tasty goodness on the outside and flavorful and juicy on the inside. With that said, I could have made a meal of the appetizers. We had the Saghanaki -- a pan fried cheese (who can NOT love FRIED CHEESE!!!!!) -- and the Spanakotiropita --- a stuffed filo pie. Both were excellent. The only thing that could have made the meal any better would have been if Kokkari were an outdoor traverna overlooking the Aegean. The restaurant is beautifully appointed in sort of a rustic-chic look. I felt slightly underdressed in a blazer and nice slacks --- most of the patrons were dressed to the nines, so you might want to rethink the jeans and flip-flops. Valet parking is available. Noise level is high, although the acoustics at our table were such that conversation was not a problem. Tables are packed in quite tightly; it's not the place for a quiet, intimate, romantic dinner in a secluded booth --- but then, it's a Greek place; you expect it to be a little on the raucous side. Drinks are as expensive as entrees at lesser places. I had a $12 Cosmo and hubby had a $14 Scotch. Restrooms are a little hard to find and require taking an elevator to another floor... so don't wait till the last minute if you gotta go!Reservations are hard to get. Plan ahead. You can make reservations online via opentable.com.Vegetarian alert: although the menu offers a good selection of vegetarian choices (albeit many with cheese), you should be aware that there is a big fireplace with a whole lamb roasting on a spit in the bar area. Knowing that the site of this can be off-putting to more sensitive vegetarians, you may want to consider dining elsewhere if you fall into that category.
Our most authentic Greek food experience was on the Greek islands of Mykonos and Santorini back in summer 2006 when we vacationed there. We had the loveliest moussaka, fish entrees and everything Greek esp hummus and olives! After reading all the captivating reviews on Yelp, we've decided to try this place out. We were early for our reservation and was told to return closer to our time. When we showed up, we still had to wait for a few minutes (we noticed this was the norm since other couples or diners were told the same).We were whisked to the back room which was a nice relief since we saw 3 other couples being seated in the main area, just a stone's throw from the entrance in this tight and crammed table area which diners would definitely stare at them when waiting or walking in, not a very romantic spot. Well, then again, the restaurant's noise level is high so it's definitely not your pin drop type of ambience. Our server was super nice and friendly and told us the special for the evening. Bf settled for the duck special which was oven roasted to perfection, succulent and just had pure tenderness. I was craving moussaka from our Greek trip so I settled for that. For starter, we had tzatziki and pita bread....pita bread was warm, soft and so good, just fabulous! The sides of olive oil and olives were fabulous as well. For dessert, we were tempted to go for the Greek yoghurt but the server reminded us that he has yoghurt for dessert so we settled for his suggestion of Galaktoboureko - Traditional semolina custard in filo with warm quince spoon sweet & lemon-sage ice cream, delicious and a nice finishing touch. We'll go back to try the lamb the next time. The duck and moussaka this time satisfied us very well. :)Oh yes, do take the elevator to the lovely and spacious restrooms at the basement level. So clean and in a bright red color!! Love it. :) A nice touch....When I was downstairs, I also snuck a peek into the Hania room which is a private room which sits about 6 people, would be a fabulous experience for a small group and esp for the special occassion with a close group of your closest friends or family. Sigh, this dining experience made us wanna return for a trip to the Greek islands soon.
Named after a small fishing village on the island of Samos in the Aegean Sea, Kokkari is a fantastic Greek restaurant in downtown San Francisco. The interior of the restaurant is said to offer the charm of a rustic old-world Mediterranean country inn. It definitely has the charm but in the literal sense there's nothing rustic about this upscale urban restaurant. The impressive interior is warm and inviting, with appealing woodwork and impressive attention to detail.We booked our reservation the same day, to the surprise of the hotel concierge, with the only time available at 9:30. If the restaurant was supposed to be busy that night it didn't feel like it. Most of the tables were full but unlike many bustling downtown restaurants the atmosphere in Kokkari remained calm and relaxed. This really helped to create an intimate dining experience that felt more like visiting a spa than a restaurant.With plans to be in Napa Valley the next day I chose not to partake in wine that evening but instead enjoyed a couple cocktails with dinner. They did have a nice wine list however, focusing on fine producers from around the world including several Greek and Mediterranean selections and of course an emphasis on California. On my next visit to Kokkari, and there will be a next visit, I'll look into pairing some Greek/Mediterranean wine with my meal.The menu offered up several outstanding choices, with no real surprise given my affinity for food from that region. To start the meal we enjoyed a Kalamata Pita, basically a flat bread/pita pizza, and some feta stuffed calamari. I always appreciate it when restaurants offer new ways of preparing calamari, especially if not fried, and really enjoyed the flavors that the feta provided. For some, the texture may be a little weird. As a main course I enjoyed the Moussaka, a rich casserole dish that comes in a little crock-pot and offers rich flavors of silky cream and nutmeg bbq pork.I don't often order dessert but the meal was going so well we couldn't help but splurge on the house favorite Galaktoboureko, as recommended by our server. The filo wrapped custard and apricots were excellent and the crme fraiche ice cream was perfect. Overall our experience was excellent including our server, who offered up fantastic recommendations and provided impeccable service...including when I spilt salt allover the table and tried my best to cover up the accident myself. "It happens all the time," I was told. I wish this kind of dining experience happened all the time, that's for sure!
A-Ma-Zing.You must go. Now.We started with Greek Salad, Spanakotiropita, and the most amazing grilled octopus you will ever eat. Seriously...it's so good. It's very simple...lemon, olive oil, and some spices...but it's amazing.I had the grilled lamp which cooks in the huge oven as you walk into the restaurant. Melts-in-your-mouth good. My friend ordered the fish of the day and was equally impressed.For dessert, we had this dish of yogurt with walnuts and dates drizzled with honey. Perfect ending to a perfect meal.
Things I like most about my job #7: proximity to Kokkari.Mmmmmmm...taramosalata...Mmmmmmm...giant beans...Mmmmmmm...tzatziki...The only "disappointing" thing about Kokkari is that there are times I never get beyond appetizers. Sigh.
Had a pleasant experience at Kokkari this evening, above average for sure, but not a standout destination. I was very impressed with the menu, very authentically Greek. And the service was really good. The waiter recommended some excellent apps (best was the grilled octopus), and even threw in an extra zucchini cake so everyone at the table could have one. But once we got to the entree, everyone thought it was a little heavy, though the portions were generous. My dish was the goat stew, which I recommend, but again, felt much heavier than I was expecting.Overall, it's probably closer to three stars, but I think most people will interpret the experience as four stars or above. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt they were on an off night with the food.
I have never been treated more rudely in my life. After mixing up our reservation time, they proceeded to blame us for the problem, rush us out of our table insisting we had to leave before we could order dessert, and offered up not a bit of an apology. The hostess even held up her book as we were leaving to show us how we had the time wrong. I had to whip out my calendar in defense. Will never go there again. Even if we had been wrong (which we weren't) that is not the way to handle the situation. At. All.
Came back for lunch after a hiatus following a disappointing dinner experience a few months ago. Have to say: everything was rock-solid. Meatballs and lamb riblets to start were to die for, and both the lamb chops and the special (grilled sole) were excellent. Baklava icecream and rice pudding rounded out an awesome meal in a great atmosphere.
I'd go into the story, my usual antics. But seriously, this was among the best wine lists I've ever seen. Filet mignon kabob whihc literally melted in my mouth. I've been salivating so much since that I spelled which wrong already in this review. The dolmathes were impeccable, the baklava: Superb. Don't get me started on the lamb, oh the lamb...    The pinnacle of beauty in presentation and taste of the food, my vocabulary is too limited. Or perhaps words don't do justice to kokkari. If you have the money, this is place is a must. 636 reviews and the average is a 4.5. That's what brought me to it. Thank you fellow yelpers for making a dear friend's 60th as wonderful as it was and furthermore, for getting me on my gf's dad's good side.Oh and if you guys rent a room here it's $3000 you got to meet. So do it. With wine alone it's possible. We had 19 people 2 babies included and 4 or 5 non drinkers or light drinkers. It's possible, believe in yourself and justin vineyards isoceles' reserve.
I bet if I asked some of my friends to name their favorite Greek restaurant, they couldn't name one! In fact, they would probably stare at me blankly as they search their minds for something - anything, that might qualify. It's not because they don't have one, but most likely because they probably don't think of Greek food as one of their top choices when we go out to eat. When I lived closer to the city, I would go out of my way to visit Kokkari Estiatori - mainly because of their Mezethes. I love a good spanakopita. My friend's mom made the tastiest dolmas and spanakopitas and even fed-ex'd them to me while I was living in Seattle. If you've never tried Greek food, you're missing out. Aside from japanese food, few other cuisines will tempt my desire or hunger for excellent food. Greek food is one of them. A sad casualty of the pace of modern life is that too many people feel too ahead of the game if they can find time to sit down and enjoy a great meal (especially with a loved one). Most would rather make their mental to-do lists and rehash the events of the day, over something they popped in the microwave or picked up "to-go" and sit in front of the TV. Olives? Eggplant? Artichokes?? I love 'em all! The food here envelops me, grabs a hold of me and makes me forget about my long days at work or the other stresses in life . It's that good! I'm a sucker for their baklava too. Additionally, they have a great wine selection to accompany your meal. While the price might be expensive for some, it is definitely worth it. If you can't remember the last time a meal set your senses on full alert and made you crave it again a month later, you need to visit Kokkari Estiatori. Oh yeah, I recommend getting reservations.. =)
the grilled lamb chops and the grilled calamari are a must. Extensive and great ambiance make this a great stop in the city
Mayor Gavin Newsom eats at Kokkari. Whether or not you agree with his politics or choice in women, you have to appreciate the man's taste in food. (He actually approached my family's table while we were dining, I think because my dad kept staring at him. He (Gavin) was nice, in that used car-saleman way.)But I love Kokkari. It's easily one of my top five favorite restaurants in San Francisco, and that's saying a lot. The food is just amazingly delicious, a modern take on Greek cuisine. The service and ambience are also consistently impressive.
Great spot. Classic upscale SF establishment. Greek influences on the menu, lamb is a must order. If you work downtown expect to see a familiar face or two at the bar. Love the seats here! Super comfy. Lean on the staff for dealing with Greek specialties, they usually have a selection of offal if you want to get adventurous. An expensive meal great spot to take clients as well.
Six months later, I'm still drolling over this place. The champagne, the souvlaki, everything else I got to try. But on top of that, our waiter was so great. Perfect date place!
Ok, so I have been slammed by SO many of my friends for liking this place. "Oh my God, it's SO expensive - full of rude Financial District hos and their admirers!" as one friend told me. I went here for a meal with my husband once and it was great! Very romantic, very elegant and yes, a little pricey. But for a special occasion, I say it's worth it. Our server(s) (we had a rotating staff due to some kind of shortage) were all very competent and friendly. The meal went so seamlessly that I barely noticed that almost 3 hours had passed when we were done. Food here is good, if not as inventive as I would have hoped. I was told this was an upscale Mediterranean style restaurant and yet, I missed a lot of flavorings inherent to Greek and Mediterranean food. My husband is Greek, though, so maybe I am just more sensitive than the average joe :)Overall, a really nice dinner in an elegant setting. I would definitely go back.
wow. food - amazing. we had almost every single appetizer on the menu, and they were all delishious. service - impeccable... attentive, yet not overbearing.ambience - a great spot for a date, family dinner, or just friends going out on a night for dinner. sounds like it's nearly impossible to get a table without reservations, so book early!
This restaurant was phenomenal. The food, service, and atmosphere was perfect and I would highly recommend it! We had the calamari and arctic char and both were amazing! Highly recommended.
I was blown away by the food and service in this place. My wife and I sat at the bar and had a late lunch there. Our bar tender was first class (and I'm an expert or bartenders). The manager or owner? overheard us talking about how Greece became part of the EU and joined our conversation. The place was very busy, but he took the time to talk to us. After a really amazing lunch (my wife loved the Pikti, a terrine of Berkshire Pig trotters & head with radishes, cucumber & black olives, I had moussaka and we shared the lamb chops), we couldn't finish our meal, they put it in a bag and when we got to the car, we found a surprise complimentary bottle of their wonderful olive oil. We'll definitely come back.
AMAZING. The Goat Stew (a special) was one of the best things i've ever eaten in my life. Everything was exceptional, and the portions are huge! Definitely going back here for another special occasion!
Was just in San Francisco for very quick business trip. Met up with a former colleagues who chose this spot for lunch on 8/3. The food was very good -- I had the octopus salad entree. All I can say is that this meal would have cost double (at least ) in NY where I am from. The server really knew her stuff. I will be back
not like i'm a foodie or anything, but how can i not have heard of this restaurant?! zomg such great food!first, the bad: no parking. but i guess that's to be expected with any restaurant in this area. i parked in an underground lot a block and a half away and for lunch it was $17.50. zoinks! (good thing the meal was free!)i came as part of a client's very belated office holiday lunch (in january LOL), so we all went hog wild. we had the following starters: * grilled pita with these spreads: melitzanosalata, tzatziki, tirosalata. (i didn't try because well, i'm not a fan of such spreads, but the pita was thick and yummy!)* grilled lamb riblets: yes, they're quite riblet-y (as opposed to rib-y), so they're small, but the meat is succulent and flavorful.* grilled calamari: i was a bit sketch to see calamari stuffed with feta, but hey, it was delish! (the feta was goopy and melty and so yummy inside the little squid!)* spanakotiropita: pretty much what you'd expect, but the crust was oh-so-flaky and buttery! the pieces were decently-sized too, so having one per person was definitely enough.* wood oven roasted prawns: HALLELUJAH. seriously, i would drive all the way from fremont just to have this dish again. the prawns were ginormous and meaty (nom nom!) and the flavor was just phenomenal. (i had to have two shrimp--could not leave it at just one, client-consultant lunch etiquette be damned.) i can't describe it...just wonderful. tomato-y and yet very far from shrimp topped with spaghetti sauce. gah! so good!for my main course i had the beef short ribs taverna style. this was a very hearty, crock-pot-ish dish. the meat was braised to such tenderness. not all sloppy melt-in-your-mouth with no substance, but enough of a balance between tender and chewy. i'm not normally a big fan of orzo, yup, i ate every single last piece. the person sitting across from me at the table had the albacore tuna souvlaki--it looked to be a bit overcooked, but he didn't complain, so maybe not. for dessert i tried some of the greek yogurt with honey (yiaourti me meli). i'm a big greek yogurt + honey fan and this was excellent, if not a bit TOO sweet. others at the table said the flourless chocolate cake (sokolatina) was very yummy. i also had a cup of sweet (glyko) greek coffee--like an espresso with sweetner. a nice change from a typical after-dinner coffee.the service was excellent, as was the warm decor. i would definitely come back in a heartbeat!
If you are sick of Asian Fusion restaurants or Californian/French cuisine, Kokkari Estiatorio is indeed a breath of fresh air.Decor is rustic, Ambiance is bustling (with many Financial District banker and mgmt consulting types); food is superb; wine list extensive.We started with the baked Gigante beans and shared the grilled seafood plate for 2 as the main course. Very very solid. The food is different as I said from the typical SF restaurant experience.Kokkari Estiatorio has officially become my favorite restaurant in San Francisco.
This is my favorite restaurant hands down in San Francisco. 1) b/c im greek2) b/c I love greek food3) b/c I love a fantastic dining experience4) b/c excellent service, atmosphere and lamb paidakia are my idea of heavenThis is my #1 choice of where to take clients as well. If this is your first time there and you know "tipota" (greek for nothing) about Greek food, here is the best thing to order and you will impress your date, family, or even the biggest Greek food critic.Apps:-- Olives, lots of yummy olives, from small and green to big purple Kalamata olives-- Grilled Octopus-- Fried Smelts with LOTS of lemon-- Pita Bread with Tzasiki Sauce - creamy cucumber and garlic spread-- Spanakopita - spinach pie, filo stuffed with spinach and fetaWine:Safe bet on the reds is Nemea, it's a lighter wine with a lot of flavorSalad:Horiatiki - essentially this is a "village salad." It doesn't have lettuce, only cucumbers, tomatoes, onion, peppers, and feta cheese. dip your bread and pita in the dressing, it's perfectly acceptable, if not expected.Dinner:Lamb Paidakia - or lamb chops, i have to say that at Kokkari, don't order the lamb off the spit. Its not as good. the paidakia are delicious, and are served with the most delicious potatoes.Whole Cooked Sea Bass - flown in from Greece, and the BEST bet for anyone who doesn't eat red meat.Desert:Galaktoboureko - just ordered it, sweet honey drenched filo with custard. oh my...And of course - a Greek coffee, heated old world style in a heated urn filled with sand and do NOT eats the grinds at the bottom~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~And 2 years later from my original review: 2 more satisfied clients loved Kokkari tonight!New items to try: grilled eggplant and artichoke, tiro salata with pita!
It's an addiction. I can't stop ordering the stupid lamb chops. I'm totally not that guy that orders the same thing every time, but I've had the lamb chops three times now. They're that good. They're always cooked and seasoned to perfection and are blissfully joined with these amazing potatoes with just enough citrus to bring the meal together. If you've ever read Plato, this is the Form of the Lamb Chop. Kokkari is excellent for just about any occasion -- a business dinner, date, parents / friends visiting from out of town.
One of the best Greek restaurants I've been to. Great ambience, albeit a bit loud when crowded. Excellent food, delicious, nice portions. Great service. A great special occasion restaurant. Highly recommend it.
It always happens here at Kokkari. My worst ordering nightmare. No matter who I'm here with (and it's usually for business, so I can't be my typical menu-nazi self), no matter what time of day, someone ALWAYS wants to order the spreads.Why such a crisis? Because the spreads are boring. They are possibly the MOST boring of all the apps. And there is some good stuff here: giant baked white beans, stuffed calamari, meatballs, any seasonal vegetable or special salad, even the zucchini cakes... why go for the spreads? Of course once they are on the table I will eat them, thereby reducing stomach space for other good things to come. Why can't we for once just take a pass? Of course, the spread-orderer then goes for the second most-boring thing on the menu: the kabobs. Sure, they are decent kabobs (and unusual in that they are not so dry as to choke you immediately). But they are kabobs. Meat on a stick... served with the same accoutrements as the spreads. What, you didn't get enough tzatziki and pita? Here you go! (This is an especially flagrant offense at dinner time, when there are spit-roasted meats --- duck, baby lamb, suckling pig --- to choose from. Fools!)I, on the other hand, commit no such ordering atrocities. For a long time, my go-to lunch was the whole grilled fish. Sole or bass, fresh, local, light and clean, drizzled with olive oil and lemon... nice seasonal veg subbed for the stringy over-boiled greens that usually accompany... life was good. But then I discovered the lamb chops. These were chops to be reckoned with. Big, robust, meaty, perfectly charred on the outside and a gorgeous pink-red all the way through. With some crisp-yet-buttery potatoes... what was I thinking, wasting lunches on fish all those times?Unfortunately, on my most recent visit, said chops were overcooked to the point of mostly gray toughness, forcing me to saw unattractively at the area closest to the bone to find some rosy flesh. I remembered the pink perfection of chops past and sighed...But was not disappointed for long, because it was then dessert time, and Kokkari's desserts kick ass. All of them. Rice pudding, baklava, whatever fruit tart is right at the time, monster ice cream sundae that other restos should look to for sundae perfection, the requisite flourless chocolate cake done phenomenally well, and my absolute favorite, the custard-filled pastry that sounds meh but is knock-your-socks-off tasty. Plus they do cappuccino like no other --- how do they get the foam SO thick and creamy? Every barista in the city needs to take a lesson from these guys. They are that good.
This is a really good restaurant and good for business lunches and dinners. It's classy and quiet enough to have conversation with the individuals you are having the meal with. I've had dinner here with a large group in their back room and its really nice. The back room is a score, its near the kitchen and fire place and is really welcoming and cozy. The atmosphere is great, too.
best place in san francisco for greek, imo.  my first time there was for dinner. the second time there was for lunch. third time there we brought some out-of-town guests. on every visit we had spectacular service, seating, food and the ambiance is always spot on....dimly lit but not overly so that you can't read the menu or see the food.especially with a full house, the noise level can make it difficult to enjoy conversations with shouting.the charm of the place is the location. you can walk across the street for a post-dinner walk through the park or go the other way to catch an indie movie or walk a little farther to bay.
expected more .. average food, but the waiter was great .. their Turkish coffee was tasteless, watery, with no foam
One of our favorite restaurants in the city. We take our parents there when they're visiting; we take our friends there when they move to or move from the city; we go there when we badly need to catch up. It's cozy, the kind of restaurant you can make your own.Favorites: the meatballs, the zucchini cakes, the gigantes, the pupo.  Anything lamb, anything roasting on the spit. The difficult thing about this place is that, unless you're versed in Greek wines, the wine list is a mystery, and maybe I don't know how to talk to a sommelier, but I'm particularly bad at picking out wine at this place. I find the staff only so-so in this regard. But there's always the competent but not spectacular bar, if xenozeropopolisizxerao vineyard doesn't ring a bell.Also, I wish they would freshen the menu every now and again. It's getting just a little stale.
Off the chart!!! AMAZING Greek food here! Excellent service as well. Big $$ But worth it! I will go back. We will!!!
This is my second visit to Kokkari. I came here several years ago for drinks and appetizers. Apart from the great atmosphere, one thing that truly left a lasting impression on me was their friendly, and very knowledgeable staff. The place is classy with high ceilings, beautiful decor, and comfortable seating. There is a huge fire place in the middle where they roast their meats. Singles, couples, and smaller parties can sit at the front dining area, the bar, and along the walls leading to the back where larger parties are seated. There are private dining rooms available downstairs. The restrooms are also downstairs. We ordered (based on our server's recommendations):Garides Yuvetsi, wood oven roasted prawns with tomato & feta cheese - $12.75Ghurunaki Stin Souvla (Souvla Tis Emeras - today's rotisserie) grilled pork, beans - $29.50Arnisia Paidakia, grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes - $29.50Yiaourti me Meli, Greek yogurt with spiced walnuts & dates drizzled with Greek Attiki honey - $8.00The prawns were perfectly cooked, and the tomato & feta cheese sauce was worth noting, however this dish didn't make me say; "WOW! Those are some good prawns!" The pork was really delicious. It was still juicy after 20 mins. Much better than I expected. I may order this next time if it is available. My lamb chops were perfect. Good size, well seasoned, juicy and tender. mmmmm! The stinkin desert pretty much ruined our dinner. Greek yogurt with spiced walnuts & dates drizzled with Greek Attiki honey. When they say "drizzled" I think they meant "liberally drizzled" as it was definitely on the sweet side. I think the yogurt and honey combo slightly upset my tummy. :( Tummy hurt, no good.Our server was nice. However it took a while for our main dishes to arrive. Perhaps we would have been better off by filling in with a second appetizer and/or a bottle of wine.
Without a doubt, one of my favorite places for lunch in San Francisco. Their paputsaki dish -- only available on Fridays -- is superb. With impeccable service, among the best I've experienced in San Francisco, Kokkari is unquestionably a thoroughly enjoyable dining experience.
Why does everyone love coming here? I just don't understand.Besides the moussaka which is way too heavy for one person to eat, the appetizer spreads, and the side plates, I've not really had a good meal here. It is impressive for business lunches, but with so many choices in San Francisco, why would you go here?
My husband & I have been trying to dine here for over a week. It is amazingly hard to get reservations, even early in the evening & early in the week! But, now that we have tried Kokkari, we can see why.The restaurant is cozy & serves delectable food, & they do not rush you out of the restaurant. We started out with dolmas (stuffed grape leaves), which was yummy & had just the right amount of lemon juice. My husband had the ravioli, which he loved while I tried the roasted whole fish of the day, a sea bass. The bass was flavorful & held up nicely against the oregano, onion, olive, lemon juice seasonings. We finished up the evening with the baklava...yummy!We'll come back to try out some of the other dishes; their pork chop special looked amazing!
Updating my review a year after the last one. Guess what?? STILL LOVE IT. Wish I was at the bar right now with a big glass of Santorini and a platter of dips with Pita. Yummy. The bartenders make it worth the trip alone. The meatballs are a must. The greek yogurt with honey and dates? Hellooo.. Whatever is rotating over the fire each night - get that. The lamb chops? Get those. The Kokkari salad? Delish. The bar is even better than the tables. A little loud but thats part of the charm. Valet takes a while to get your car, but hey - they have valet which makes it easy to go to and its only $8. 2 big dripping, hummus covered thumbs up.
Would've been a 5 had we enjoyed our food more. Great atmosphere, fun waiter, and taking Greek food seriously is much appreciated. The food was fine, but for $100+ for two, we wanted to love the moussaka. We didn't. We'll try it again and see if the food fares better.
Everything tasted fine. The goat stew was amazing, but the rest was standard--nothing really stood out. Lamb chops, fish, calamari, etc. The space is gigantic, and the chairs are nice and squishy. Mostly older FiDi crowd, or people our age eating a nice meal out with their grandparents. Service was helpful, but kind of overwhelming--like, tell you about the 10 specials of the night while the whole table sits in stunned silence kind of overwhelming.
Amazing! Service, Decor, Food! Very reasonable for SF. Recommend it highly, but the bar is extremely crowded, if that's where you are headed. We went on a Friday night and that's my go-to seating. We got a table for two immediately and truly enjoyed the entire experience, thanks in large part to Edward, our server. We had Artichoke and Saganahki for appetizers, the special white peach salad (both of us). Then my dining companion got Moussaka and I got the stuffed calamari for my entree. FABULOUS all around. Wine selection was incredible and Edward helped me with the pairing. We didn't get dessert, we just didn't have room.
Perfect! Service was fantastic, especially after the horrible service we received at A5 just down the block. The staff accommodated us on a friday night even though we did not have reservations. Our waiter was extremely friendly and thoughtful. And the food was just delish. We had lightly fried fava beans, fried cheese (of course!), fried smelt, grilled artichokes/eggplant, and the zucchini cakes. For dessert, we had vanilla ice cream that was laced with baklavah.....mmmmm........ And when we ordered one glass of dessert wine to share, they were so nice to split the pour into three glasses. Very thoughtful, and we got a little extra to boot. What a great experience.
Excellent food and atmosphere.
My wife and I had a fab dinner with friends lfrom Nevada on Friday evening.. Our Italian waiter was a 10 and funny too. Manager Patrick, as always, the great host.
Ate here last night with the roomie to celebrate his birthday. I heard a lot about this place from one of my "foodie" friends who has since moved away to Europe. Decor: 4 stars. Felt like I was in someone's home, the backroom was a lot quieter than the front room which felt like you needed to scream to be heard.Food: 4.5 stars. The lamb chops were amazing, and so was the calamari, the greens, not so good. The cucumber cakes were delicious. Service: 3.5 stars. Made a reservation on Opentable, was seated within 2 minutes of arriving. Nice. Our waiter, was so pretentious and full of himself. He made recommendations for wine and they honestly sucked. I asked for a simple sauvignon blanc that was crisp, mine tasted flat. My roomie didn't even drink all of his and he's a borderline alcoholic. J/K, he's not alcoholic, well at least not on Wednesday nights.Dessert: 5 stars. Fantastic flourless chocolate cake with whipped cream, the roomie had something that he gobbled up within minutes. Very good.Noise Level: 3 stars. I had a hard time hearing my roomie talk, then again I probably was a little out of it because of a long day.I may be back in the future to try out the lamb shank.
Great restaurant! After a full day of sightseeing in San Francisco we weren't sure if were dressed nice enough for our dinner at this restaurant. But no one seemed to care or treat us any differently once we entered into the room which was great. We received excellent customer service. Our waiter was very attentive. We were also very fortunate in that we were seated near a couple dining at the table next to us with whom we struck up a conversation. Turns out our table neighbor had been one of the guards are Alcatraz! We couldn't believe we were sitting next to someone who had so many stories to tell. We were curious to learn so much more about the history of Alcaztraz because we had just taken the night tour the day before and our heads were spinning with what questions to ask him because we knew this was a rare opportunity. Our food was excellent. I had fresh fish with greens which was excellent. And my partner had the lemon chicken with potatoes. Cooked perfectly.Each dish came with half a lemon wrapped in some type of cloth so that you could squeeze the juice out without getting any seeds. What a nice touch. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
my co-worker is heading out to nyc and our boss wanted to do a 'good-bye, good times' type of lunch outting. and this place was awesome. the area is beautiful and the inside is low lights, friendly and lovely. we ordered alot, as my boss mentioned 'i don't like to share'. zucchini cakes were hands down amazing. slightly crisp on the outside, light and fluffy on the inside. the mint yogurt with this was fantastic. also on the table was grilled calamari, grilled octopus(!!), and lamb riblets, which were good and tender, but could have used a little more seasoning. for the main part- they had the 'whole fish' and three different types. of course, we each got one. I had the red snapper, they left on the head and tail but deboned it, which was perfect. half a lemon in cheesecloth to dress on top with some delish braised greens. very light and fresh!our server also had the first course paired with a crisp, light greek white wine and for the whole fish brought us a bit heavier white, also greek, and tasty, names of which i was obviously was not paying attention to at lunch :) and on to the final course- my favorite...desserts! the galaktoboureko is a must! yum yum yum!! semolina custard in filo with meyer lemon spoonsweet & crme frache ice cream- it was this fantastic crispy looking treat with the soft sweet center. we also munched on a fruit tart, boss's fav, although for me, I prefer a flakier, crisp tart shell compared to this, although delicious, soft and chewy tart. and lastly, baklava. overly sweet but a must try.
A fun and cozy atmosphere with a huge fireplace and meats roasting on an open spit. I love the hidden location, rustic decor, delicious Greek cuisine. We loved the eggplant mousakkah, succulent lamb and the Greek coffee.
Great place. Love the food.
Another one of my faves. I love the saghanaki, it's this pan fried cheese with lemon juice. BOMB!!!  The daily rotisserie is usually good but runs out early.  Anything with red meat is really good.  It's a cool restauarnt with lots of dark woods, big chairs and tables etc. The wine list seems to have a pretty hefty mark-up.
Reservation was late by almost an hour on a thursday, no apologies.Food was overpriced and not knocking my socks off.  I had lamp chops, which was good, but not THAT good. Fried cheese was good. Dolmas were ok. The vibe was pretentious and on the rich side. I don't pay so much for vibe, only food. Meh. I will not be soon to return here.
Very good Greek food. On par with Evvia in Palo Alto. Long waits and a bit pricey, worth getting reservations.
Kokkari is a definitely a great restaurant - one of the best in the City. Getting a reservation is a pain, however, so plan a couple of weeks ahead and, even then, don't necessarily expect to get a great table time.I'd give Kokkari 5 stars, however, I think the value for money is not the best. Plus the fact that the last time we went the busboy used his fingers (really) to remove some ice that he'd dropped onto my daughter's cutlery. Maybe that would have been okay, but he didn't replace the cutlery!
this place is off the hook! Excellent service....very nice ambiance...delicious food! We enjoyed everything, including the octopus for starters...very fresh...perfectly cooked. Then I had the paella. Very good too! The waiter was also very knowledgeable about wines and paired some really great wines with our food. Thank you kokkari!
Seriously one of the best meals I've ever had in this city. My friend and I shared a variety of appetizers and each one was better than the next. Like many of the other reviewers, I agree that the zucchini cakes are absolutely to die for. We also had a platter of three of their dips (the feta one, bean one, and eggplant), also delicious. Spanakotiropita was wonderfully flaky. The kefa cheese was good, but a little rich to be shared between just two people. We ended up having way too much food (4 apps plus the dip platter), but I'm totally glad that I got to try so much. Still deciding whether to award them with 5 stars....
I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant. I love the decor and the ambiance. It's comfortable and classy and not pretentious. I've tried various appetizers and entres and everything was delicious!!! (although, I don't think I would get Thalasina Scharas Yia Dio - seafood grill for two with whole fish again) The food is tasty, prices aren't crazy, and the service is excellent.
Incredible food. Lamb chops are scrumptious. Beer selection is nice. Spanakopita is fresh, fluffy and tasty. Lovely decor and great service (couldn't tell if the waiter was faking the accent though).
Kokkari hits the nail on the head! The food is top notch, the restaurant is lovely, the service is spot on! I recommend going with a group so you can sample all their greatness. My dinner at Kokkari remains one of my best- and most memorable meals in the city. Cant wait to return!
This place has good food. I had the lamb and it was perfectly cooked. Service was awesome.The only weird thing about Kokkari was when I first walked in I thought hey this is a nice cozy restaurant. A nice bar, a few tables. And then I turned the corner. My god I was not prepared for the great expanse that lay before my eyes. This place is HUGE. It took me quite a while to find the bathroom. I walked into the back kitchen, gave the cooks a few hi fives but still couldn't find it. Finally I realized I had to actually take an elevator downstairs. And once I got there, I noticed there was yet ANOTHER room in there for dining (for private parties I assume). This place just never stopped surprising me. I think there is probably an underground chamber where they hold some kind of debacherous orgy -- with lots of wine and Greek food of course.Anyway, needless to say not a great date place if you are looking for a quiet, intimate time. But if you have a bunch of power-suit businessmen, a convention in town, or some has-been Free Masons this place is ideal for you.
Oh so good!  Delicious food. Great location. Wonderful service. Every time we go we find new things to love. Try the whole roasted fish. Yum!!!
This is by far the best Greek restaurant I have been to in the U.S. They do put their own touch on the traditional Greek fare, but I think that is only appropriate in a restaurant of this caliber. The octopus is amazing, especially considering how difficult it is to get nice octopus at any restaurant. They know the trick to keeping it tender and not rubbery. I admire that the waiters can pronounce the names of the food also.
stop #5 on our "chronicle top 100" adventure...this is the best greek food i have had outside of greece.the sagananki (fried cheese) appetizer was a sublime foray into artery-blocking bliss. the octopus was prepared almost as they do in greece-- succulent and fragrant. the off-the-menu lamb special was good, not great-- i think i'll order the lamb chops on the menu next time. but there will certainly be a next time... bravo, kokkari!
A very elegant restaurant with great food and great service. The way they mix flavors is amazing. It is not typical Mediterranean food. The dishes have a very interesting mix of ingredients and flavors.The atmosphere was cozy but you knew you were in a top notch restaurant. The service was excellent. We were there early on a Monday night, and by the time we left the place was packed.
Delicious! Most memorable was the grilled calamari and the rib-eye..perfection.
Phenomenal food and dining experience. Definitely worth a trip if you haven't been there.
We took my Dad here for Father's Day. Let's just say, as a group, we were underwhelmed.Holiday aside, and the usual pitfalls that come with staff hit by a busier then normal night, the service was smooth. Our specific waitress was a little flustered, but her supporting cast was great.The food, sadly, was not nearly as redeemable. As a party of 5, we ordered 5 starters: zucchini cakes, lamb meatballs, purslane and apricot salad, fried smelts, and gigantes (beans). The zucchini cakes and salad were good, not great. But the remaining 3 apps left something to be desired. The meatballs were dry and underseasoned, despite the sauce that was liberally applied over the top, and the fried smelts were limp and the garlic sauce that came with them was too pungent. The gigantes were fair, although the baked beans dish at Nopa is far superior (as are their fried little fish).The entrees too left us disappointed. The two fish dishes we ordered were a little too fishy tasting and the accompaniments and sauces were bland. We had two orders of the rotisserie duck, which sounded promising and was fine. The skin was not crisp and the duck was a little overcooked and dried out. The sauce on the potatoes and the baby arugula was nice. The only "wow" dish was the porterhouse. A tender, perfectly cooked piece of meat with excellent sides and seasoning.We gave dessert a shot. It was fine. A little too sweet and they all tasted similar. But at least a tasty ending to the meal.Three stars based solely on the porterhouse. Otherwise the rest of the food would bring it to a 2.I would recommend the short drive down to Palo Alto to visit Evvia, Kokkari's sister restaurant, which is vastly superior.
Good food. Pleasant atmosphere. Great Service!
Ordered both the lamb chops and rib eye, both came out perfectly medium rare. Octopus appetizer was very good, surprisingly not too chewy like you would imagine. Grilled Flat bread and hummus was good but ordinary.
I've heard much about this place, and since I was very hungry I decided to try a bit of everything on the menu. I had the lamb and my girlfriend had the steak, huge portions! We also shared appetizers like the lentil soup, and enjoyed dessert like the Greek yogurt. Definitely a nice evening out and their staff was extremely warm.
late last-minute reservations...early arrival for hope of early seating for two....standing wait only....full-service bar area full capacity random weekday evening....squeeze through bar order pinot grigio and merlot $eleven glass each....await standing lean against handrail and wine shelf entrance...sip of wine and chitter chatter companion....first glance restaurant small and cozy...realize walk by kitchen to open larger dining seating space....elevator ride down to restroom level...reveal private dining room availability...also full on weekday night...seated just before reservation time...long wait and really no hope for early table at kokkari...early reservations a must feeling...starting fresh bread with crisp thick outer...small munch with olives and seed spit plate start....additional pinot grigio and cabernet glassing....browse menu and setting a plan...admit printed menu in advance and been contemplating over plan a, plan b and plan c.....plan a being all out hail mary appetizer war.....plan b being appetizer heavy and sharing entree....plan c the boring separate entres....tempted by plan a, but whole fish appeal...plan b the pick..companion and self declare war....one grilled lamb riblets vs. roasted bacon brussels sprouts... giant beans vs. stuffed grape leaves ...of course whole fish, a sea bass type selection over snapper....fabulous, divine, a gift to taste.....all just perfect "crisp"....delicate mini-lettuce head in appearance brussels sprouts...nice crisp perfect charring best ever experienced in mini-lettuce head eating....perfect balance of salty bacon best pairing...grill lamb riblets crisp blackened favorite....perfect salted and hint of lemon taste oil bed...clear tie and truce to two equal plates....next...tomato saucy cheesy gigantes beans in circular flat bowl...tasty scoop after scoop....mild spoonful of various flavors fantastic..tomato being powerful taste.....stuffed grape leaves "mini-burritos"...nice bite through leaves and taste of refreshing rice...mild hint of dill and mint freshness....giving giant beans a small advantage...both good in different ways....final wait and wait....additional glasses of pinot grigio....switch of plating and utensils....whole fish!...crisp skin tender meat....cut in half for equal share....heads or tail?....self head...companion tail...figure easier bone manage for tail half....gentlemanly take head and pick through bones eating....leaving just skeletal remains...rub of tummy and finish all clean....four glasses of wine self...two glasses for companion....roughly under $one-hundred-forty adding of bill before tip....complimentary flourless chocolate cake and solo candle-lit celebration from waitress....nice gesture on the house...$one-hundred-eighty-five total for one of most fabulous dinner dining for two....
Good spankawhatevers and great desserts.Wonderful atmosphere. Would be a great place for a date.
Since my first visit in early 2000, this place has been rock solid in all areas. Great service, beautiful decor and excellent food. The lamb chops are some of the best I've had. Prepared with olive oil, herbs and lemon, and then grilled. Awesome. Also a big fan of all the small-dish appetizers. Great to order 5-6 for a group before the main course. Zucchini cakes with yogurt sauce are delicious.  To maintain such a high level of quality and success over the years in a place like SF is a tremendous achievement. Obviously this a special owner group, having been successful with Evvia in Palo Alto as well.
Still one of my favorites. They claim the lamb chops are the best in town. They are pretty good. Right up there with slanted door's lamb chops. Otherwise, the best mediterean food you can find in the city. You never go away dissappointed. Truly, a must try.
We eat at Greek restaurants all over the place and this is my absolute favorite Greek restaurant in the whole world! My 2nd favorite Pylos (in NY) doesn't come close to Kokkari.The ambiance is wonderful. The servers are so professional and execute everything perfectly. The food is amazing! The lamb chops were delicious. Perfectly seasoned & tender. My favorite is the traditional Greek coffee. It's heated on a bed of hot sand. It's thick and kind of nutty & the aroma is just heavenly. I haven't been able to find another place that makes traditional coffee this way.You can't go wrong here.
Im coming here a lot more now that evvia is closed, their food like evvia is QUALITY and Authentic. Its like eating dinner at your greek grandmothers house. I've never been dissapointed. To add to the amazing food, you have a great atmosphere and a great crowd. You need a reservation, and even if you have to wait, you wont be dissapointed its truly worth it!
I went here for my husband's birthday and it is a nice place but felt it was overrated. The food is good, it's a bit packed and loud and the service was just ok. For all the hype I was really expecting much better service.
The food is pretty much amazing, the overall decor made the place look great, the waiter service was excellent (if not over the top too much). Gotta say, the (what I thought was) a pig on a spit as I walked in was a great touch.So went there with a group of 3 for lunch. We split the 3 of the 5 various dips that came with the pita pieces, and each one was great. I had the kokkari salad and chicken soulvaki for the meal. The salad was really flavorful, and the chicken dish was pretty tasty as well.We split some baklava ice cream and it was pretty much delicious. Definitely a place anyone should try if they get a chance.
SUPERB! Great wine list....awesome food....super-friendly people! You have to visit this place and not worry about the price....just order what your tummy can handle...I assure you, no matter what you order, you'll be satisfied!
Greek delicacy. My faves:Saghanaki - pan fried Kefalograviera cheese with lemon & oregano Marithes Tiganites - crispy smelts with garlic-potato skordalia & lemon Moussaka - traditional casserole of eggplant, lamb, potato & yogurt bchamel
Restaurant ambiance / location - 4 stars - cute bar and nice tables. Good lighting and noise control.Wine - 4 stars - good selectionFood - 2 stars - I got the lamb chops and it was boring. I have never had to salt my food at a restaurant, but here I had to dump a ton of salt on it just to have it taste like anything. Sheesh, lamb is VERY flavorful but here....*sighs*.....At $30, it should have SOME flavor!
Warm, cozy, delicious food, attentive service. Perfect for a special night out. Had amazing watermelon salad for an appetizer, and halibut, tomato goodness for my entree. So simple, yet so delicious. Massive wine list.
One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. Items you must try if you haven't been here before.Gigantes Lamb ChopsWhole FishGreek Salad Delicious Food!
Been wanting to try this place for a long, long time and finally got the opportunity this month. If you dig well-prepared Greek or Mediterranean food with a warm and inviting dinner setting, this is your place. Everything was exceptionally fresh and flavorful... often with a distinctly California-cuisine edge. The pork chop entree I ordered was perfectly cooked and of a very decent size. In addition, more traditional dishes like Spanakotiropita and Saghanaki were perfectly executed and reminded me of those oh-so-authentic dive places I've gone to as long as I can remember. Still, this place is a more upscale experience, although with the quality of the food, you certainly won't feel ripped off. (If you want gyros or beef kabob, look elsewhere.) Also, the prices for wines by the bottle were, surprisingly, very reasonable, especially for a downtown restaurant.What makes Kokkari a real treat, however, is how incredibly cozy and friendly it is. Our server was beyond-nice and the setting of plush overstuffed chairs and a warm fire was sublime.
Had a great date here! It was in the winter and so we walked to check out the ice rink after on the embarcadero. If you time it right it could make for a very sweet activity before or after. It can get a little noisy but it is still pretty intimate in some places. The owner remembers alot of faces as I've also been introduced to Evvia, their sister restaurant, in Palo Alto. You must order the lamb- without question!! Outside of a vacation to Turkey it was the best lamb I have ever had. I always get it and am never disappointed. The place is pretty big and right on the corner. They have a pretty deep dining room and some private dining areas one can access by elevator. It's a long walk back there from the front. Can't wait to go back.
Yes go here. Their specials are amazing and they have the best service. The ambiance is perfect for a dinner with the parents and they have a great bar. I don't think there is a better Greek place in SF. Of course they are known for their lamb- so that's a must. The octopus app we got was kinda amazing, as was the lemon tart thingy that we shared for desert. The Duck and Prime Rib were other highlights. I of course am partial to the yogurt! Mmmnum!
a fine dining mediterranean restaurant. came here on a busy saturday evening w/o reservations (you definitely need to make a reservation), but fortunately we were seated at the end of the bar after about 30 - 40 minute wait (not a bad wait w/ chatty girlfriends).cozy, rustic feel..........its been about 2 years so i don't remember what we ordered. all i remember is that we had great girl time eating veggie appetizers & i loved their dense doughy pita/flatbread with the dipping sauces.
This was everything I had hoped for and more. I walked to my table passing by mayor Willie on the way, and sat in a booth next to the real housewives of san francisco. I thought the trophy wives and slimy husbands clientele might cause a one star decrease, but they provided so much entertainment that the star stays. The service was great and the food was simply the best greek food I have had. Corn with feta butter, artichoke hearts with greek yogurt, zucchini cakes, and my personal favorite, the moussaka. It was a heavenly greek version of shepards pie. For dessert, we had strawberry rice pudding and cream filled filo dough. I just can't wait to go back, but unfortunately, I might have to save my pretty pennies since this restaurant is a little out of my 'first job out of college' budget.
Went here for a girls nite out! Tried to make reservations on the same day, but they were completely booked. Not surprised. Got to the rest at 930 and was seated within 15 mins. While we were waiting, I noticed how similar this rest was to Evvia. Our server Daryl came over to greet us and asked what we would like to drink. We got wine and sparkling water. All of a sudden she came back and started to go over the menu in a very odd way. She said, At the top of the menu this is our... and we said appetizer and she was like correct . Very uncalled for. Was this bc we were asian?? Not sure. Minus 1 star for that. Anywho, this rest was amazing, we ordered 3 appetizers and our entree. We were stuffed!! It was about 70 a person, but not bad at all. We headed to the bathroom and boy was it an adventure. You have to walk all the way to back and if you're wearing heals, you have to be careful bc the wooden floors are slippery. Then take the elevator down to the basement and walk to the left hand corner and wala. I went to work and told my hygienist how delicious this place was and found out that her other boss was the owner!! He owns that one and Evvia. Now everything makes sense. I highly rec either one!
My work held our employee company Christmas party here and everything was perfect. Our service was wonderful: very good recommendations for every question and we never waited long for anything.The food was incredible. Now, bear in mind, I'm not familiar with Greek food, so everything seemed great (and as authentic as I could imagine). The veggie dish was a green ravioli, which was great. The other girls had the chicken, the lamb and the sole, which they all said were delicious. The appetizers were the best part of the whole thing: the pita bread plate with various sauces and the fried zucchini cakes.The interiors are gorgeous. We had the best seat in the house, right in front of the bread station and rotisserie oven, which was in the middle of the front room and perfect for people watching at the bar.I will definitely be going back soon. Everything was great and the prices were just fine for what we got - the portions are perfect. Even if I didn't have time for a full dinner, I'd go back for the drinks and appetizers alone.
oh hey sister of evvia. please give me your moussaka recipe. thanks!shirley
The atmosphere of this place is GREAT! Love the open kitchen, the exposed beamed ceilings, and the warm cozy feel of rooms that are the bastard child of a souk and an italian villa or cottage.The food was very very tasty. Lots of choices on the menu too. I really enjoyed the calimari and goat cheese, the moussaka (doesn't seem like I was the only one!), the 3 dip thingy, and the grilled octopus. The wine selection was extensive. The wait staff were very attentive, professional, and friendly (but at a place like this, I wouldn't expect any less). Also a plus for the nicer setting and no kids running around ruining the dining experience.This would be a great date or special occasions place, or just dinner for those with a fat wallet. For everyday Mediterranean food, I'd go somewhere else and save some cash. Oh, by the way, 100 post!
I used to work around here, and would pass by every week or so, longing to be one of those people casually sipping drinks while leaning out the shuttered windows. Because its in more of a financial area, I never thought to go there for dinner. I'm glad I did. This is not your typical gyro and falafel type off Greek place. It is about a zillion times better. We stuffed ourselves with grilled lamb tongue, feta stuffed calamari and Taramosalata to start. Entrees included whole roasted fish and Berkshire pork straight from the spit. Crispy pork fat was one of the best things I've ever had. And to finish, Traditional semolina custard in filo with apricot spoon sweet & pistachio ice cream with traditional Greek coffee heated over hot sand. Quaint, old world charm on the inside, knowledgeable old-school staff, and a menu that is as simple or as complex as you want. Everything was flavorful and good. My only regret was that I couldn't eat more. I can't wait to come back for the Moussaka.
Kokkari's food is excellent. In fact, I would happily make a meal of their pita and taramasalata. The avgolemono soup on my last visit was a bit dull, however, probably because of the use of tasteless boneless, skinless, chicken breast. Nevertheless, most everything else is wonderful. The service is also consistently excellent, though almost too efficient. It's tough to get a reservation on less than a week's notice, so be sure to plan ahead.
I love them both! Kokkari and Evvia- weather you are in the comfort of your San Francisco home, or if you find your self in Palo Alto, try these appetizing restaurants! Kokkari in comparison to Evvia is a bit stuffier- in terms of the crowd, and less Mediterranean- in terms of the dcor. BUT! The food is fantastic just the same! Every single appetizer on that menu is scrumptious. You have to try the lamb chops- succulent! As an avid fan of Greece and the Mediterranean, I really enjoyed the traditional setting in Evvia. The service was great; the waiter was able to pronounce everything with a remarkable accent. The food was mouth-watering... Souvlaki Souvlaki Souvlaki! ... reminded me of a rustic restaurant in Mykonos.
Love Kokkari! Now...I've never gone to another Greek restaurant so I have nothing to compare it to. But, here are my thoughts on the foods I am bold enough to attempt to pronounce:Lamb riblets - SCREAMIN'' (even w/out bbq sauce..teeheehee)Cod Row (I am sure the spelling is all wrong) - SCREAMIN'Something wrapped in grape leaves - SCREAMIN'Smelt - SCREAMIN'Blood Orange Salad - SCREAMIN'Lamb tongue - would have been more screamin' if it didn't look like a tongue sitting on my plateWe left the wine selections up to our waiter. He made excellent choices. Everything at our table was SCREAMIN "eat me". So I did. And I hope I will again.I deducted one star because the Maitre'd sorta ticked me off. We were like 15-20 minutes early for our reservation. He kept mentioning it. That irritated me...I am easily irritated these days.
Most of the food here was delicious and I'll admit to saying that I am indeed a pickier eater than I thought I was. Not a big on feta, spanikopita, dried candied fruit, or saganaki. But for those that do like it, Kokkari definitely has the goods.We had plenty of appetizers, the best for me was the Kalamata Pita, kind of like a flatbread pizza. I wasn't the biggest fan of their Tzatziki, too tangy and heavy by itself, but with the Zucchini Cakes, which were fabulous, it paired perfectly. Their pita bread was amazing, freshly baked and lightly grilled. As for mains, we ordered the Moussaka and I wasn't terribly impressed. The bechamel sauce was excellent as was their preparation of eggplant but the ground lamb was overpowering and dense. And maybe that's just because lamb has to be done just right for me because this tasted a bit too gamey for my taste.For dessert, I had the cookie plate and I felt apprehensive about finding that one cookie with anise which would have ruined it all for me but luckily, I didn't find one. The rice pudding had the candied currant in it and I couldn't handle it. The yogurt sorbet was really good though. They paired it with a red icey fruit crush and it was the perfectly light and refreshing. Beware of the Greek "mud" coffee.The service was great. It's good when you don't notice what's happening. All of a sudden plates and new sets of silverware appeared, drinks were refilled mysteriously, dishes were placed rather meticulously. Our waiter took very good care of us and in good humor, taught us how to pronounce some of the items on the menuThe ambiance felt a bit as though it was a good place to take a high powered client out and not as much fun for a group of girls wanting a night out but it was still fun and we took it for all we could get. Pricey, so come prepared. In case you're wanting to impress, they DO have a $700 bottle of wine. I'd recommend Kokkari for sure.
Not long ago, I was put in charge to organize a last minute dinner celebration for a party of 10. I was left with two choices: Kokkari and Ponzu. I selected Ponzu. What was I thinking?!? I dined at Kokkari for the first time a few weeks ago for another birthday dinner celebration. And, I was very pleased. Everyone shared a bunch of appetizers to share among our party of eight: -Kokkari Patates - potatoe were roasted to perfection -Dolmathes - so yummy that we ordered three plates of them-Marithes Tiganites - little fish w/ the head still attached, breaded and fried...you can't even tell the head is still there.-Garides Yuvetsi - the roasted prawns were huge and tasty in the tomato/feta sauce.-Kalamari - grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel & orange with black olives-Sparaggia - roasted asparagus with feta, dill & lemon vinaigrette-Kalamata Pita - Greek version of a pizza: flatbread of Kalamata olives, tomato, caramelized onion, Myzithra & Parmesan-Arnisia Plevrakia - grilled lamb riblets with lemon & oregano. My date and I shared one entree: Psari Psito (steamed fish with various vegetables)...which was served deboned upon request. Makes it way easier to eat, but you still need to be careful eating as there would be a few bones remaining.I must say everything was amazing. Service was impeccable. I am a fan of Kokkari. Why haven't I gone there sooner!
This is one of the best greek/mediterranean place I've been to. I give it a 4.5 star. It's a $$$ - $$$$ restaurant, but worth it on occassion. The pita with the different dips is a must. Just the pita bread itself is extremely yummy. All the different mezzes (appetizers) are really good. Even the smelts (little fishies). It sounds disgusting, but they are actually quite tasty. As for entrees, they are all really tasty. There isn't anything that has stood out to me. All the fish is very fresh. For dessert, I'm not a huge greek dessert fan, but their assortment of cookies is good. I don't drink coffee either, but everyone says the coffee is something you should try. The chrysanthemum mint tea is a great cap to a pretty heavy meal. The service is wonderful and the ambience is very different. It's a little dark inside and can be pretty noisy, but you definitely feel the "mediterranean-ness".Great place to celebrate a special occassion and one of the top restaurants in SF.
I went here the other day and had such a wonderful experience. Doug the host,was the man at the door who kindly took me to my seat as I was waiting for my guests. We had like four different types of appetizers before our meal,the maritha (fried smelt), Arnisia Plevrakia (little lamb ribs), octopothi (octopus) the saganaki (flamed cheese with Metaxa brandy) was off the heezy and were a great start for appetizers.My main course was excellent (Pacific Halibut Steak - pan roasted over black lentils with artichoke & Kalamata olive tapenade) freakin YUM! I was pleasantly surprised with that dish. The wine suggested by our waiter George, was ridiculously good so good we got two bottles! The area is great, the atmosphere nice. Oh! and get the Greek yogurt with honey it is very simple and just enough for a desert. The service is also something I am always about, George our waiter was AWESOME at recommending items and taking care of us during our meal.This place is great, definitely check it out.
I grew up in Detroit who has a Greektown. I've had authentic Greek food and I must tell you that I love it. This place was just ok.....too pricey and meh food. I must say that the service and the people who work there are very nice and courteous, otherwise I would have rated it much lower.
A beautiful restaurant with wonderful food! It's a definite must try in terms of good food in San Francisco. The appetizers are much better than the entrees. Try ordering a variety of appetizers (lamb riblets and calamari are delicious) instead of the traditional entrees. You will not be disappointed.Make reservations before you go. Although the restaurant is upscale, the service is warm and impeccable and the crowd is a veritable melting pot: corporate meeting diners, families w/ children, large groups of friends, romantic dates, etc.
My favorite restaurant in the city by some distance. The ambience greeting you at Kokkari always ensures that your visit gets off on the right foot. The huge open fire, high-backed chairs, bustling dining room and high ceilings let you know you're in for a classy dining experience. The service is excellent: attentive, witty, knowledgeable but not intrusive. Here they know how to do it right.The environment is inviting, but dining-out is about the food, and Kokkari wins here too. This is high-end comfort food cooked to perfection. I've eaten here many times and have never been disappointed. Regardless of whether you're here for a business lunch or a romantic dinner you can be certain of a knock out experience. Close to perfect.
Kokkari is a place that can be there for you, whatever you need. The place is gigantic, and can accommodate all sorts of groups. And yet, its also a great place for a date/ Its classy and the food is good, but it is not outrageously expensive.Really, the appetizers are where its at. Sure the entrees are good, but lets face it, greek food is dolmades, spanikopita, etc. The grilled octopus is fan-friggin-tastic, and tI can't pronounce Kolokithokeftethes, but I sure ate a lot of them.Seriously, come check this place out. Even the retsina tastes good here.
I've been here more than a few times and I'm sure I will be back many more times. The service is great and the atmosphere is perfect. To be honest, I go there mostly because friends and associates seem to love the place. I wish I could enjoy it as much as they seem to - I guess I'm just not a huge fan of this sort of cuisine.Definitely worth a visit, if not for the food then for the company and conversation that have always made my visits here enjoyable.
There's a reason why this is the #1 spot in San Francsico for lamb. They have the best mussaka I've ever had and the fried goat cheese is orgasmic!!
The food here is great! And the service is wonderful. After our civil wedding at City Hall, my husband and I celebrated with our family and closest friends here. Service is wonderful and the food is just delicious. By the way, it's also great to see politicians here as the others have said. Saw our mayor Gavin Newsom last time I ate here.
great food,warm, sexy place,good service,a great meal !
Oo-PAH! All the Yelpers are RIGHT about this place! Kokkari has a warm and cozy atmosphere; superb service; and delicious food! We came for my BFF's birthday and it is the perfect place to eat a nice dinner with a group of friends or an intimate dinner with that special someone. When you are inside the dining area, it feels like you are dining in someone's home because it is so cozy. The rooms are softly lit with lamps and I'm going back to sit in one of the cushy chairs they place at the 2-person tables.The food just adds to the ambience. It was my first time with Greek fine dining and it was delicious. Since we had a big group, we ate family style and got to taste everything! The Mousaka (sp?) was rich and hints of cinnamon (?) spices; the lamb chops were as good as everyone else has said; the zuchini cakes app was great with the yogurt dressing; but hte table favorite was the special rabbit stew. I was against eating it at first because I like bunnies, but I got talked into tasting it and it was so tender and flavorful...talk about guilty pleasure.We were so stuffed with dinner that we all shared the rice pudding desert with Greek honey, which was just the right sweetness. I missed out on trying hte Greek Coffee, but I didn't want to put myself through a sleepless night given how strong it sounded from the waiter's description. I'm definitely heading back for more!
I went here on a Thursday evening for my friend's belated birthday and it was slightly crowded and cramp. The waitress was nice and helpful, but the service was slow and not the finest because I had to request water 3 times before actually getting it. Also they separated our table into two and got our orders mixed up between us and a couple, which was acceptable once, but irritating after this occurred a couple times more. Overall, the service was a 2.For appetizers, we had the zucchini cakes which were very delicious. The yogurt dipping sauce added a nice light touch to the cakes. The portions for the entree are big such that my friend and I had to go boxes in the end. I had the lemon-oregano chicken with roasted onions & Kokkari potatoes, which I enjoyed. The chicken was tender and well seasoned, maybe slightly too lemon-y. My friend had the braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra. The lamb was so tender that she didn't need to use a knife to cut it and still delicious. The orzo was tasty, but I think in combination with the lamb, was definitely too rich and buttery to handle. We finished the night with desserts of course. The semolina custard in filo was delicious and just right for the palate. I enjoyed the sundae with chocolate and vanilla ice cream because of the touch of hazelnuts and layering of hot fudge, but the vanilla ice cream was slightly too creamy and rich.
4.5 Stars. I really enjoy this place. I associate it with work because I work around the corner from this place and we frequent Kokkari because of its proximity. But being close to work is not bad when you like the food. Having said that, though, I think it's a pleasant place to have a meal and I find most of their dishes relatively tastey. The ambiance is also quite pleasant and the service is good. Here are some dishes I recommend: I'd order the grilled pita and spreads to start (very delicious!!!). I'd also recommend any of the salads or the lamb souvlaki (moist and so good!). I would not recommend the whole fish (they always say it's their "special" - the sole, or whatever). Yes, the fish is good, but it's a little bland. Kinda vanilla. I'm sure it's pretty healthy but my taste buds were left pretty unimpressed! Also, their lemonade and ice tea was watered down. Stick with the water or a nice glass of wine!Over all, though, good food and good service = 4.5 stars!P.S. If I remember correctly, the last time I stayed for dessert, they come out with the little bread crumb scooper and cleaned your table after your meal. That's cool. I like that. That's service.
High food & service quality & very classy atmosphere. If possible dress accordingly. Get your salt buds ready for the unlimited olives. First place, in our experience, to offer grilled calamari & it was delicious. Staff is very well mannered on our visit, almost intimidating. Meal was exceptional. Seemed as if my ribeye has been marinating since my birth...it oozed with so much flavor! The spinach is great as well. My wife had the sea bass & it was amazing! Only warning is if u like a problem free meal don't order. The sea bass is bone less (for the most part but) but most every bite had a lil bone to deal with. All in all a great Greek restaurant.
You should be ashamed of yourself if you haven't tried this place....oh wait....you haven't been to San Francisco either? How dare you! I hardly ever get entree's that still have the "bone in," but I am an avid believer of what the staff is recommending. As I am now recommending the Lamb Shank on the menu. The first time I went to this place was unbelievable-the atmosphere, the location, the food, the service, the staff, the whole sha-bang! The price range was great too! It's what I would expect from a place that I would consider 5 star. I was thinking, maybe they had a good night that night, but I went a second time and it was exactly the same. This place is amazing. Like I said, you should be ashamed of yourself if you go to San Francisco, live in San Francisco, or even think about going to San Francisco without trying this place.
Hmm... I wish we had a 1/2 star or .X system on this thing. I don't know that it's 5 star worthy.... but it's certainly over 4 I think.... so... let's just call it 4.5 for now.I had dinner at Kokkari with a few friends last weekend. Great food... Great service... Aside from 1 time when we didn't leave thinking 5*, we've loved every meal there. I think it's one of the most underrated restaurants here. I think that most people get a mental image of Greek food... but this place is way better. The wine list was good too. And the fact that you can bring a bottle of wine without corkage if you buy a bottle there is very fair.The decor is realy nice. I would say it's a perfect place for family events or a nice meal to share with your friends. It's one of those places which don't come up when thinking of where to eat... but when you finally do get around to going back... you remember how good it was.1 last thing.... OK... Kokkari... if you're listening... please think about redoing your website. The main page is just sad. Some of my friends were shocked that I was suggesting going to this place after they saw the website. If you've never been.... You're going to judge based on this website. Something modern... something fitting of San Francisco is called for. Don't let us down!
this place is awesome. The food is delicious with just the right balance of flavors. The ambience is almost worth the trip itself. a tip: go there for lunch. a tad cheaper but all the same great qualities...bonus points for a romantic dinner....seriously...just don't sit by the rotisserie....
Great food, bordering close to authentic Greek. Great variety in Greek wine too...especially if you are willing and able to pay for it. Atmospheric. However, the portions could have been larger (in the real Greek way!). I would definitely go again ;)
I'm going to have to take off one star from this review for a very simple reason: the kitchen has no consistency on the temperature they cook the lamb at.I've been here maybe five times in the last 4 or 5 months. I've ordered the lamb chops each time, medium rare. They've arrived rare, medium rare, medium, medium well, and well done. It's a total crapshoot, and something that a restaurant of this calibre and charging what it does for a very simple entree of lambchops should be able to get right.
Probably one of the better Greek restaurants in San Francisco near Jackson Square, Immigration processing and Embarcadero Center.Effaristo! Did you know that the Sen. Kerry advance team went here for lunch in 2004, sooo stunned that s/he couldn't remember where their laptop was?! What good Greek food can do to a person??!!!
Have to try the short ribs...literally melts in your mouth...It was suggested by my boss actually after he went there for a lunch date...Do try their filo filled custard roll w/ creme fraiche ice cream...really good ice cream...Service was quick and fast, we sat at the bar because we didn't have reservation, but it was still cozy...
My husband and I went here for dinner on Friday night and it was EXCELLENT. I LOVE the interior. Our waitress, Krystal, was professional, helpful and at the same time, laid back - she was the perfect combination for us. She recommended a superb champagne for me and a white wine for my husband. I had the lamb chops (Arnisia Paidakia) - FANTASTIC! We would absolutely go back. Highly recommend reservations though, as the restaurant appeared to be very full by 6:30pm.
This is the place to eat Greek cuisine RIGHT.My friend used to take me when it opened, saying that the food was almost, or just as good (shh, bite your tongue!) as his mama's, which is a HUGE compliment from a Greek son. It was delicious back then and I went back last week for the first time in 5, 6 years and they didn't miss a beat. Everything I had with my party of 10 was superb.Saghanaki, fried cheese, is the closest to crispy, smoky, salty goodness of a well-done bacon without ever touching meat - a real crowd pleaser.The salad of glistening slabs of persimmon with cubes of Feta and olives is a mouth-watering fare you don't ever want to end.Grilled Chilean Sea Bass (whole) came on a family size serving platter, with saffron potatoes and grilled chanterelles and olives. Even though we all ate a lot, none of us entered a food coma in the end. This is a clear indication that the food pairings were highly complimentary as well as FRESH.We tried all the desserts, but my favorite by far, at the end of a LARGE dinner, was the yogurt sorbet with pomegranate granita and mint syrup. So beautiful and refreshing. Their ice creams/sorbets are all homemade and exquisite.Waitstaff was knowledgeable and courteous. The decor is old country cozy with lots of deep dark woods, wrought iron, fireplaces and a handsome wine cellar. Overall an outstanding evening at this heavy-hitting establishment.
Moussaka to die for. Absolutely perfect baklava. Don't think twice, just plan on dining here and you won't be disappointed.
GREAT place but  21 dollars for three bite size ravioli ? Lame
This place probably would have received 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that I had the worst fish of my life here. When I say the worst let me explain, it was perfectly cooked and presented, but it tasted like nothing. Literally it tasted like the chef took the fish poached it in water and plated it. It literally had ZERO taste and it was the special!OK now why it got 4 stars, the setting is beautiful. The staff is wonderful, and everything else we ate was great. I loved the calamari and the zucchini appetizers. The salads were awesome, the feta in it was sooo yummy! For an entree I highly recommend the lamb.If you go here I'm sure you'll have a great time, just AVOID the fish!
Cozy and intimate setting. Amazed by how high quality it feels being such a large cavernous type restaurant.Dips are great, as is the octopus. Lamb is fine.. however, I've tasted better, oddly enough at Fresca.It's a great place, but i can't believe how popular and crowded it can get. A little overrated imo.
Great food, but we were stuck with a jerk of a waiter. When one person in our party dared to ask for regular water (as in, not Perrier), he got the look of death. We had plenty of food, wine, dessert, etc but they were still very eager to hustle us out the door and made no bones about it, though there were still plenty of empty tables around and not really anyone at the bar waiting to be seated. I don't think our tab was considerably higher than anything anyone else had, but it's still pretty lame to shove your customers out the door after a meal.Nevertheless, the appetizers were the highlight of the meal.
4 and 1/2 if I could do it! Very very good food. Had the giant beans with tomatoes, olive oil, the pigs trotters terrine, extraordinary, and the grilled halibut with tomatoes, greens and olives. Service was prompt, and friendly. I was very impressed. Highly recommended.
The is the best greek food i have had in some time. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is really nice and cozy, definitely a place to spend a fair bit of time. The wine selection is good, the waiters know their food and pairing. The lamb chops are their speciality. Brussel sprouts, tuna fish all were really good. A place to go again and again.
Came for a weekday lunch. The restaurant was spacious. Several rooms all filled. I'm usually not a huge fan of greek and mediterranean; I just don't typically crave it and it's never really been that impressive to me. With that in mind I would return to Kokkari for dinner. They've opened up my curiosity and interest in greek food. I sampled the wood-oven roasted brussel sprouts with bacon and lemon- delicious: love the extra crisp from slightly being charred, grilled lamb chops- cooked perfectly and the friday special: paputsaki- roasted eggplant stuffed with lamb and veal topped with bechamel sauce- amazing. I think it was the last paputsaki that won me over. The service was great, overall everything exceeded my expectations.
Just when I was about to give up on greek food in san francisco..I ate at Kokkari..My usual go to place for "mezza" type appetizers (humus, babaganoush, tzaziki, etc..) is kanzaman..But this is a whole new level of dining. The crowd is a bit stuffy and sophisticated...and it is crowded..but large enough to be crowded..the food is incredible..grilled artichoke hearts...id start naming foods i ordered but they are hard to spell...a lot of zzz in the words though..Anyway-its fancyish..so go on a special night...u cant go wrong!meat eaters, fish eaters, vegitarians...anyone.
if i could give 1/2 stars this restaurant would have 41/2 ! but i cant .. so it doesnt ! So i was taken here last night for dinner ... the decor is unusual yet inviting and the service absolutely brilliant ... I had the meat dish of the day which was a roast lamb , served on a bed of roast potatos .. it was nice... perhaps a little fatty .. but then it was lamb. My friend had the lamb chops which is a signature dish .. now they were unbelievable ! cooked to perfection, really tasty... YUM! The wine list is extroadinary tooo!!
I THINK I'VE BEEN LIVING IN A CAVE FOR THE LAST FEW YEARS!Kokkari, where have you been my whole life!!! I'm not f _ _ _ ing kidding, I haven't been this stoked on a restaurant in a long time!It's rare that I walk out of such a highly rated restaurant and feel like I got my money's worth, but Kokkari is one of a very small few and hands down the only Greek restaurant in the SF Bay Area to make me think believe I could eat here every night of the week.Try this feast on for size:- Housemade grilled pita w/ melitzanosalata, taramosalata, tzatziki, favosalata or Tirosalata - Spanakotiropita (traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill)- Domata Salata (heirloom tomatoes with Cretan rusk, manouri cheese & arugula)- Makaronia me Horta (ravioli stuffed with greens & feta, chanterelles, sweet corn & savory herbs)- Kokinisto me Manestra (aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra)Add a couple glasses of the perfect red, great service, and a hot girlfriend to share in the dining experience, not to mention a short cab ride home for dessert and I call that one hell of a Friday night!
5 stars across the board for this restaurant. Great atmosphere, wonderful food, incredibly nice staff, etc. etc. The pita appetizer with the three different types of sauces, including tzatziki, is to die for, hands down. Kokkari is on the fancier end, so I only go on special occasions, but when those special occasions come about, Kokkari is the first place I suggest going!
Even though we made a reservation, we had to wait a while for our table. At first we were like, yeah no problem, we'll just get a drink at the bar, but after 30 or 40 minutes went by, it was borderline ridiculous. We expressed our concerns to the hostess, who was really helpful and had the manager come over to talk to us. They ended up ordering some appetizers for us (on the house of course), and we were seated shortly thereafter. Other than that minor fiasco, the food and service was spectacular. I got the lamb chops, which I don't usually order, but hey it's a mediterranean restaurant, I felt a little frisky. And the ambiance is pretty sweet too. What can I say? I'm a sucker for fireplaces and exposed brick
fantastic ambiance and pretty attentive staff, however some dishes lacked the 'wow' factor and some were overpriced. making a reservation is a major pain. not sure if i'll return.
I came here with a friend last Wednesday for lunch... we had the Chicken and Lamb Poovlak? and it was pretty good... although after reading these reviews I regret not ordering the lamb chops... oh such regrets in life! The 2 dirrty martini's with the Goose helped ease the pain... overall I'm satisfied, a bit pricey for lunch but dinner would be perfect!
I went with three friends for a hearty Greek meal and after the experience, I would suggest to those interested to simply enjoy the starters and a nice glass of wine. The wine list was lovely. The following mezethes were tasty: Kolokithokeftethes, Kalamata Pita and Gigantes. Unfortunately the Marouli Salata and Moussaka didn't have my dinner companions raving. We should have kept it simple.
Wonderful food! Easily the best lamb chops I've ever, ever had. I love the decor of the place. The front room is warm and buzzing. I love seeing a whole lamb being roasted in the fireplace! The back room is bright and airy. The cellar room for large parties is just like being transported into another world! Great, great place. The appetizers are amazing. I recommend the grilled octopus. Its delish and the lemon-oregano olive oil dressing it comes in is perfect to be mopped up by the herb bread. The grilled prawns is pretty good too. The calamari was alright... a little OD on the feta. Meatballs were okay.I love the custard wrapped in filo... the gelakbukto-something. I need to go back more often to know how to spell it. Super yummy! The latest version had orange peel which was too bitter for me. I docked a star off what couldve been full marks because the service is really a hit and miss. The first time I got a superb waiter (and I hope its not because we were a party of more than 10 with lotsa wine flowing). The second time I went, we were a party of three and wanted only appetizers and dessert. For that we got a big grouch of a lady. BIG GROUCH. She was awful. I wish I noted her name. The third time I went, the guy was alright. Kind of not so great in the beginning but got slightly better towards the end. But I can bear with all of that for the grilled octopus, lamb chops and dessert! =)~
I like this place. Good selection of wine! The only reason I knocked a star off is because I was little disappointed with the meat entree options on the menu. The lamb chops were fantastic, but would have liked to see more steak on there. Family style apps is probably the best way to go! Dolmathes were awesome!
Had dinner here for my birthday, I had never been before. What an excellent experience all around.  The place is just huge, while at the same time remains intimate. There is even a private room downstairs for a small party. We started out with the grilled butternut sqush, the kokokaftikas, and the spicy shrimp. All just excellent.  You could easily go here and just have a full spread of apps.  For dinner, the braised lamb in orzo. Excellent flavor, not overwhelming, with a hint of cinnamon.  Paired with my grey goose & soda, it was a winner. The service was excellent & food was delivered promply.  Make sure to try the greek coffee (dont plan on sleeping after) and try some of the rice pudding.  Extra ouzo if you know whats up. Check it out.
I don't know why so many people love this place....I found lame guys sitting at the bar talking "politics" and surly know it all bartenders laughing when you ask for a not-sweet Riesling, also I'm not that into Greek food so take my food critique with a grain of salt, but I think the frozen Greek food from trader joes is better...plus I accidentally pronounced Spanakopita skank-o-pita and embarrassed myself immensely (it happens with you get dyslexics drunk). Plus a few stars for the cozy atmosphere and good Greek wine (yes bartender, you were right about the Riesling)
When in doubt, go for the pork. Not the lamb. Pork. Pork, people. Good restaurant overall but they have a few weaknesses on the menu. Chicken was good. But not as good as the pork.
some of the best greek in town!!!i ate here a long time ago and all i remember is that i had lamb chops, a few of the apps, and some salad.not 1 thing wrong with this place.nice for hot dates, medium size groups, business lunches... big fan. bring on the baby sheep and red wine.
The food was almost as good as what I had in Athens. Service was pretty good except I never got the lemon that I asked for.We went out to eat late on a week day after work and found the restaurant pretty full and lively. We got seated at a cozy table in the corner. Great decor - very warm and inviting.We had the:saganaki (sp?)lamb ribletscalamaripita platterapple tartAll really really tasty. The lamb was very tender. The saganaki was perfect. The calamari was stuffed with feta and was one of the best appetizers I've ever had.
Fantastic, the best food I have had outside Greece! The salad was authentic and the Feta tasted fresh. The meal was great!
Ok, here's the deal -- you just can't go wrong here. Food is amazing, service is professional and ambience it welcoming and comfortable. You must start with the "spreads" and pita (you choose three from a variety -- the tzatziki and favosalata are my faves), along with an order of the Saghanaki (fried cheese that is best enjoyed warm...so dig in).
You haven't had legitimate Greek food until you've eaten at Kokkari. The service is great, atmosphere is warm and wonderful and the food is amazing. Everything is flavorful and simply prepared. Great vegetarian options without feeling like they added things to accommodate vegetarians. Saghanaki, oh how I love thee, let me count the ways.1. Cheese, mmm...2. Pan fried, delicious.3. Lemon and oregano, how could it get any better?The first time I went the 4 wheels chatted up the manager and he gave us a shot of ouzo on the house. I don't recommend it unless you a. know what you're getting into and b. love licorice.My second visit was for a friend's birthday and the portions were so large that we were singing "I loves you Morgy" (meat orgy) by the time we walked out the door.
Kokkari made me decide I wanted to go to Greece for part of our honeymoon.I had never had Greek food before I started going to Kokkari and I'm bummed I was missing out all these years! There are other Greek restaurants in the city but Kokkari is top notch.Aside from the amazingly delicious food--ask the waiter to recommend something--the decor and service are spectacular. You definitely want to make reservations and dress up a little. I love an excuse to dress up.I've been to a lot of fancy restaurants in the city where I didn't care to go back--not because they were necessarily bad, just because they weren't that great. This is not the case with Kokkari. I'm always looking for an excuse to go back to this restaurant.
Moooooooooussaka!!! Emphasis on the mooooo considering I felt like a borderline cow after I inhaled every ounce of this meal. Wow was it good. The eggplant was cooked to perfection and the ground lamb had amazing spices. The meatball appetizer was fantastic as well. I waddled out of Kokkari like I had just been granted my last meal and had fully taken advantage of it.
Remember those 80's era Kristi-Brinkley-looking-girl-eating-a-gyro dripping-with-tzatziki-sauce-ads... I always smile when I see those things all faded out and still in the window. They don't even have gyros (thank god) or most other recognizable Greekisms. Kokarri's brand of cuisine is a delicious fusion of Mediterranean influences. Think seafood, lamb, feta and olives (and more... I assure you) presented in the best possible way.This place is real nice and on a pretty grand scale. Pretty much a can't miss for special occasions (for the rest of us... who don't walk suit and tie from the financial district). My girlfriend took me here my birfbday and we were really impressed with all the details. Read on... The restaurant space itself has a very inviting and well designed feel. Depending on your mood the restaurant offers two very distinct rooms to dine. The first near the entrance is living roomesque, appointed with couches, fireplaces, lower lighting and a bar area.  The second space is much brighter, with light wood trimmings and large windows which provide appealing natural light and view onto the nice quiet street beyond. This space also has some larger tables and is flanked by the kitchen.  The place is pretty cavernous though, with several other rooms in back and downstairs (where you must elevator to the bathroom!) even has a cellar room if you have fat pockets. The space and ambiance aside, the food is some of the best I have had. We went for a pretty wide sampling of plates and I have to recommend the grilled octopus and the artichoke and eggplant kabobs. The flavor is heavenly, the perfect balance of char, lemon, oil and oregano. And the texture of octopus is incredible, like chicken but tastes like swordfish. Plus, we are always suckers for olives and feta, anywhere anytime, and these were a solid, if pedestrian choice. For dinner I had a whole baked fish. I always find it novel, but it was really tasty here, seasoned perfectly and suited my mood, served with potatoes and some kind of veggy. I believe my girlfriend had the ravioli (its was the only vegetarian entre) but also bursting with flavor.  Very fresh food, cooked right, seasoned to a T. Plus, they have a very interesting and extensive (if pricy) wine list. Featured many selections from the baltic region and the wine we had was Macedonian-- the most affordable "old world" red and had that kind of spicy, fruity, and complete, that sticks in your mind's palate for days after. To cap things off, they even brought out a gratis desert, the meyer lemon custard with filo and ice cream with a birthday candle.  It was a a very delicious touch. And for kicks try the sand heated coffee (its not the best, but now you know what the huge open kettle of flaming sand you walked by is all about). I must say the service was damn near telepathic (really, the best I've ever had), everything you needed was quickly attended to and was never obtrusive.  And finally, believe it or not I found benjamin that had slipped out of someone's money clip on the floor next to our table! What a day what a day!
Never been to a better Greek restaurant.
This place will always have a memorable and loving experience for me. This is the place that my fiance and I had our first date and dinner. Where we bonded and realized that we love each other and want to spend the rest of our lives together.
If I need to impress friends, family, or out-of town guests, I always end up taking them to Kokkari. Everything on the menu is great, but my personal faves are the Lamb Souvlaki and Greek Salad. Highly recommend!
THe food is excellent here. I used to dislike lamb a lot but since kokkari I have appreciated how delightful tasty lamb is when the right meat is selected and is done well. When you come try all the dips for the appetizer you will not be dissappointed.The mousaka for an entree is good as well. It is a mashed potato type dish over a bed of ground lamb.If you are impartial to lamb give this place a try you might chnage your mind.
OMG this place is AMAZING! From the attentive servers to the delicious food, I loved my first experience at Kokkari. We ordered the zucchini cakes, lamb shank, mousakka, and a bottle of wine, and loved everything! It was busy for a Tuesday, but luckily I had made reservations. I left dinner saying, "That was one of the best meals I have EVER had!" -and believe me, I've had a lot ;-)
Met our friend for coffee there today and was surprised that its the same restaurant (but a different name-evvia) in palo alto. Ive had lunch in Evvia but not here...we just ordered the cookie tray and turkish coffee...apparantly i heard its good...anyways....conversation and ambiance was great but the best part was the waitress decided to read our fortune through the sediment of our turkish coffees....surprisingly this came as a surprise to us for she was on the money on some of the things she said! hahahah...il prolly try again for lunch or dinner sometime and wait for an update. :)
I went to Kokkari at 10:45 on a Saturday night (15 minutes before they closed) and I must tell you that it was one of the best dining experiences I've had in years. The food was incredible and the service was amazing. I ordered the blood orange salad with the traditional greek egg soup. Magnificent. My husband ordered the salmon and it was perfectly seared. Just the right amount of crispy goodness. The waiter was amazing. He was helpful, but yet out of our way. He didn't interrupt us much and was always there when we needed him. He suggested a dessert that was perfect and did so based off observation of what we had ordered so far. Kokkari gets a "6" star rating from me. They have a sister place in Palo Alto called Evvia.
My new favorite restaurant in San Francisco! Husband and I went on Tuesday night based on Yelp recommendations. We arrived around 7:30 for an 8:00 reservation, and the very kind hostess was able to seat us almost immediately, despite the place being packed. My first impression was great. The front room is both open and cozy at the same time -- extremely high ceilings, and yet a warm, comfortable feel. I got the sense that the people at each table felt like they were in their own little worlds. A lot of the tables in the front room had big upholstered chairs that looked really comfy. We were seated in the back room, after passing by the massive open roasting oven. The back room is even bigger, but just as cozy. The menu was amazing -- we easily could have picked 15 different dishes that we wanted. Fortunately, we didn't make up our minds too quickly, because the specials sounded even better. We ended up going with the peach and arugula salad (the last week they were offering it for the year, our server informed us), the zucchini cakes, the goat stew and the Mediterranean branzino special. Husband drank Mythos beer and I had a couple of very tasty mojitos.Every single thing we ate was delicious. The zucchini cakes are a standout -- they were thick and juicy like really good crabcakes, and you get to feel good about yourself for eating zucchini. The peach salad was delightful too -- I highly recommend it if they serve it again next summer. My goat stew was amazing -- the goat meat was tender, almost falling apart, and the flavors melded together perfectly. My hysband's branzino was light and flaky, though I only took one bite because I was so engrossed with my stew. Dessert was delicious too. I ordered the baklava ice cream, and it shouldn't come as any surprise that combining two delicious things leads to something even more delicious. My husband got the rice pudding, which I didn't love, but I don't like rice pudding in general -- he thought it was pretty good. The service was excellent -- our waters were constantly refilled, they brought us a second basket of bread without asking, and our server was nice and funny. The restaurant crowd was mixed, from lots of guys in suits with no ties doing business dinners to groups of thirty-somethingsvin nice jeans to dressed-up couples celebrating an anniversary. Overall, a great experience. Quick tip: the bathroom is downstairs, and you have to take an elevator to get there. I kept seeing confused people getting to the end of the hallway and wondering where to go from there.
Grape leaves stuffed with rice and duck meat, spiced lamb skewer (delivered off a massive knife), and some kind of baklava-style dessert with creme freche. It was awesome. No complaints on the food and the service was quick and polite. I wasn't a huge fan of the Greek coffee (it had a grimy texture), but everything else was excellent.
Aposutely Delicious! Close your eyes and pick something. Really, anything on the menu and I promise it will be yummy! Some things to mention...peach cheese, walnut salad the seabass entree, feta stuffed calamari.
I went here not too long ago and i loved all the dishes. we started with the dolmathes and it was perfect!!! next i had the Kokinisto me Manestra this was very nice and rich, the lamb and the orzo went together perfectly with the rich sauce. For dessert i had the baklava and it was very good,it was nicely sweet but with a lite cinnamon flavor. this place was a bit pricy but all in all it was way worth the visit.
Another great dining experience. Sister restaurant to Evvia in Palo Alto. Menu offerings vary from Evvia. Location bigger and more conducive to larger groups. Love the decor and atmosphere.Menu standouts are the mixed seafood grill and zucchini cakes. ( and of course, the lamb chops!!)Take a date, a lot of cash and settle in for a great meal!
I have been here twice and both times were exceptional. Was lucky to get the same wait person. Their wine selection was good for both by the glass and by the bottle. Fairly pricey but a nice place to go if celebrating or wanting to splurge one night. Have only been for dinner although they are open for lunch. Was disappointed that there wasn't a cheese plate but that's all I ever want for dessert. Not for pickey eaters. My bf had the Moussaka which he liked quite a bit. Very rich dish so you might want to share. I had the halibut steak, it was very good. I loved the Gigantes appetizer. Yum yum yum. Not sure if I would go here all the time as there are so many other restaurants I want to try but definitely worth going once or twice, especially if someone else is footing the bill.
The food and service were great. We are foodies who eat out in New York regularly and in SF whenever we visit our son. The ambiance, service and food were so good we can't wait to return to S. F for another meal.
I've been here for drinks. Love the ambiance. I tried going on Monday, October 26th around 8pm. The place was booked for the evening and and the bar was packed. The hostess was incredibly rude. Looking forward to finally trying the food, and hopefully will cross path with a different hostess.
I was initally going to give this place 3 stars, but after my last visit, I realize that I was just ordering the wrong things. I had the artichoke souvlaki the first time. That was good, just not awe-inspiring. The second time I went, I got the moussaka. That was just WIERD. I think I expected a Greek lasagna-esque type dish. I guess it could be described that way, but more importantly, it had a large layer of creamy substance that didn't really mix with the lamb. But this last time - amazing! Have the zucchini cakes. I ordered them with someone who doesn't even like zucchini and we loved them. The tzaziki was really good too. One of the two breads they bring is also great - it's some kind of herb foccacia. And according to my lunch partner the olive oil was good enough to drink. For my main course I had Wednesday's special - lots of letters that didn't look like they should go together, didn't even try to pronounce it - it's a pork sandwich . The sandwich came with tasty pork bits, grilled veggies, and tzaziki in a pita. Super super tasty. The service here has always been great. They are attentive but not in your face. Gas rating: 3That moussaka not only gave me gas, it flat out made my stomach hurt. The lamb souvlaki also made me a little gassy. Thank god for the last meal which gave me very little gas and was so tasty it brought the overall gas rating down two notches.
This place is amazing! We had reservations for 12 and right when we got there, we were seated promptly. The decor was very cool and inviting. Although, this was my first time going, a few of my friends had been there already and one said they had the best lamb chops. Now when you say best, that sets up pretty high expectations but I decided to order it anyways. It was delicious! If it wasn't the best that I've had, it's definitely right up there.
This place looks like a business boy place, but the food is really incredible. Push aside the bankers and belly up to the bar for incredible greek dips with perfect warm, homemade pita bread. Delight in grilled calamari with their smoky, charry flavor. There's obviously some love back in the kitchen here.Chase it all down with one of their 20 or so wines by the glass or go ape a trudge into their wonderfully thought out wine list. Oh, don't forget the frozen yogurt. I'm definitely not a dessert gal and even I want to take a tub of it home. It's amazing for any dessert, bearing no resemblance to the sad, pathetic fro yo of your youth.
Kokkari is truly unbelievable. It is so delicious that you leave feeling full (they give you a lot of food) but are craving Kokkari for days to come. I have been there several times and each time ordered different menu items and have never been disappointed. This place is even great when I am with my vegetarian friends as Kokkari has awesome veggie dishes and will even go so far as to create veggie plates if requested! The lamb meatballs are a must!!! The service at Kokkari is ridiculous. My water/wine glass never dipped below halfway. If you are headed here on a date as for the front room as it is cosy, dimly lit and very romantic.
love the atmosphere, service, food, the whole fish is scrumptious, I love it here good memories. The pictures of the food don't do it justice I think
So I ended up here through a work jaunt (free lunch) and was extremely impressed with everything. This is the Greek Town Hall, folks.We started with literally every appetizer on the menu; my personal favs were the SPANAKOTIROPITA - traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill; the ZUCCINI CAKES - with cucumber & mint yogurt dressing; and the GRILLED MEATBALLS - with oregano, orange & tomato-green olive compote. There were others that were ok, like the calamari or octopus, but i am not too into my seafood tasting of the clay oven. Anyway, I was actually stuffed after trying one of everything, but I managed to make more room because it was free...I actually had time to relax between apps and ordering, so I took the chance to bathe in the beauty of this place. It is very warm; reminiscent of an indian clay oven joint; tapestries on the wall; windows opening out onto the street and large wooden family-sized tables. Apparently, this is one of the SF 100 restaraunts, which does not suprise me, since getting to the bathroom involves taking a trip on the elevator, and then passing the wine safe and the small VIP room by the bathroom.Speaking of--these bathrooms get 5 stars, as well. I have always taken to heart the saying that the kitchen is only as clean as the bathroom...I ordered the CRISPY DUCK CONFIT--which was exactly the way it should be cooked. The greens were ok--but more for appearance. Nonetheless, it was amazing. My colleagues ordered the Grilled Lamb Chops and the Ahi, which were also perfection.For dessert I had the Stone-ground GREEK COFFEE, which is heated over hot sand. The sand bits sink to the bottom, so you are advised not to stir. Our colleague drank the remnants anyway, and it seemed to give him a little extra afternoon pick-me-up.Lastly, a few people in the group ordered a raspberry circular tart thing that was out of this world; however, I do not see it on the online menu. Good eats! Definitely a place for an anniversary.
Used to come to Kokkari alot but had not been for several years. A friend took me to Kokkari for my belated B'day dinner. He messed up the reservation date but they squeeze us in at a table near the bar. Ordered a few appertizers which we really enjoyed. The smelts with the garlic dipping is always my favorite. The grilled artichoke was yummy too. The waiter suggested the spit roast lamb from the fireplace. The meat was moist and tender and tasted fresh and clean. Skin was not crispy which was a shame. I still prefer lamb chops any time. Anyway, have to come back to try the other entree I used to like but cannot remember the taste. So many restaurants, so little time!
I am a huge fan of their grilled Lavraki (sea bass). You should try Turkish coffee after your dinner ;)
So I really want to give this place 3.5 stars. Overall the service was excellent and the food was good, but nothing was out of this world. I was really expecting something that would blow my mind in terms of food. The Lamb chops were good but not great the greek spreads were good but I think they are better at Evvia. Its funny I have been to Evvia in PA probably 7 or 8 times for lunch and dinner and I definitely think it is overall a better restaurant. Don't get me wrong, Kokkari is good, but just a little too expensive I think. Although the 2000 Chehalem Pinot we had was absolutely awesome. Although the food didn't blow my mind, my date did. We have been seeing each other for about two weeks and this was our first real date. This girl is amazing and made the evening so enjoyable. Luckily she lives close I get to see her often.
I went there with my girl friend. This resturant was fanstic. I ate greek food at first. The food was excellent especially lamd food was really nice.
This is a HUGE restaurant, but everything worked very efficiently. The food was amazing, nice ambience, friendly staff. We left very satisfied.
I dont really have any complaints. I must say, I was expecting just a TAD more with almost a thousand reviews and a 4.5 star rating. Atmosphere was nice- nothing too different or unique, but nice. Service was nice. The pre-dinner bread was fine- really nothing special though. Same type of bread I've gotten at many other restaurants. The dolmathes were yummy. I was a little dissappointed that there werent cocktails....lots of wine but I dont like wine. My halibut was wonderful. Eh I dunno its a great restaurant but not "blow your socks off".
The food was excellent, just wish there was a meat and potatoes option for the other half. I go there with my friends and love the spices. Service is excellent.
I was there last week with a colleague. It was our first time there. Everything was excellent. The service was outstanding. They brought out olives while we were going through our menu! Both of us were commenting how great they were. I had the roast pork. Really liked the care they put into the dish (fresh ingredients). Kokkari is one of those gems- lovely neighborhood restaurant, attention to detail, great food and excellent service.
Came here for my birthday celebration with a group of friends. I've always been a fan, and this most recent experience did not disappoint. Love the ambience and setting - vast, open space with an elegant yet festive atmosphere. Ideal for groups and celebrations. The food is fantastic - tasty and hearty. Cocktails are very good. A bit on the louder side, so maybe not ideal for a quiet, romantic dinner, but lots of fun and great top- notch food.
Be sure to make reservations. Nothing worse than coming in here as a walk-in and being told that the wait is 2.5 hours. Everything is delicious. The service ballet of the waiters and bus-boys is precise and impeccable. The ambiance and decor is nice without pretension. It can get a little loud. No, I don't to be forced to sit within earshot of yet another windbag on a first-date extolling his uncommon humanity and wealth. But, it can't be helped as the tables are close together and people are there to be seen (and heard, apparently). So, definitely time when you go. Never mind the movers and shakers, the gold diggers, the players and the posers. Just go for the food.
Is it hot in here or is it just the five you?The host is one flirty guy but ya gotta love him!! He's cute, tall and friendly.  Along with the amazing food, amazing wine and amazing service....he made me (and my four friends) feel extra special. Definitely have them recommend a Greek wine to accompany your meal...they won't disappoint.
Wonderful, beautiful restaurant with warm, friendly ambience. Superb food! Although I've only been here for a business lunch. I will definitely go back for dinner. Only downsides, it was cold in the back by the windows and the woman next to our table talked so loud it was distracting. A bit more personal space would've helped.
I have become a huge fan of Mediterranean food and try to visit at least one Mediterranean restaurant when I travel with my sister to various destinations throughout these great United States. We were able to travel to San Francisco twice in October, and sis suggested we try Kokkari based on the rave reviews she'd read on Yelp. The restaurant is elegantly decorated with large windows, low lighting, rustic, rich colored woods and cozy chairs. The food is absolutely divine. My sis and I, over the course of two visits to Kokkari, ordered Spanakotiropita, Tirosalata, Kotopoulo Souvlas (lemon oregano roasted chicken), Moussaka, and lamb chops. Each dish was wonderful. Wayne, our server during our second visit, was excellent! He suggested the Tirosalata when my sister was shocked with the news that the Spanokotiropita is a seasonal item and was not available that night. Wayne to the rescue! He had an impressive knowledge of the menu and was able to make appropriate suggestions for our tastes. He was funny, charming and very attentive, even on a very busy Saturday evening. Thank you for a wonderful experience Wayne! Everything about Kokkari is 5 stars, including the decor, staff, and cuisine. Kokkari definitely gets it right.
Ohhh the best! They have cipura!!! They have levreki!!!! Those fish grow ONLY at the Aegean sea n it's close surroundings!!!! tip; always, n I mean it, always get it grilled!! the best!- I wanna go back there again for the fish! But the duck sounded so yummy too, maybe next time try that! the zucchini appetizer that everyone is talking about was average- I make better zucchini fritters, trust me! Oh but the fishhhh, soooo yum, so good, so rare... match it with uzo on the rocks n u wd be dining like Greeks n Turks do!!! Will def. go back again and again!
Delicious food, impeccable service. Came here for my birthday and could not have been happier.
There's over 800 reviews of this place so I doubt I can add anything new or insightful -- I will say this though, the service is spot on and extremely accommodating. The food is also perfect (love the lamb) and the ambiance is lovely. There are many, many restaurants that could take a page out of this book.
Excellent food and ambience. Definitely a repeat kind of place! The nicest Greek restaurant in the City.
Very swanky place. Great if your parents are taking you out to dinner. Not really my style. The food is delicious. But everything was a little too rich for my blood. I went with my aunt and was dressed in jeans and a nice shirt and still felt out of place. The food is great and so is the service. Just be aware that it is on the fancy side.
This place is so damn good that it makes you wish you had the metabolism of a 7 yr old and eat here all the time!!!
A group of friends gathered for a good birthday dinner last weekend. I'd have to say that's one of the best dinners I have had in recent memory. The ambiance was great, and I heard in the summer time they open all the big wooden windows and that's even better. When we were waiting for our table, we were all gazing at the "bread and olives table" by the fireplace. The presentation of the whole place was at once classy, stylist yet homey.  Their mojito's were awesome too, and I'd actually say it was worth the $10 at the bar.They have plenty of appetizers, all of which sounded heavenly. Our table tried the house smoked salmon, and the blood orange salad with rose water. For about $8 a plate, they were a great treat and wonderful way to start the evening. Everybody pretty much ordered a big meat entree, the lamp chops and the rib eye were both the best we have respectively ever had. The desserts were amazing as well, and you gotta try their Greek coffee that is heated in a hot sand pit.  I very rarely go out of a restaurant that happy, usually there is one or two small things that I have reservations about. For the $60 I spent on the meal, I felt like it was worth every penny.Valet is $8, which is totally worth it if you have a carpool of people. Street parking can be hard to find in that area.
You know, I thought that the food was good, but didn't seem to live up to the hype that I found on here and opentable.We were seated there on a Friday night and the people nearby were rather loud. We were sat next to a Russian couple, both of whom were very loud and the guy was wearing a shirt with a few too many buttons opened. I think that sort of caused my girlfriend to lose her appetite.Now, onto the food. The salad was very good and I especially loved it with the combination of feta and cracked pepper. Also, the saganaki was a tasty appetizer. I always order this when I go out for Greek food, and while this was good, it wasn't as good as I remember the one in Santorini. On the other hand, I guess I'll have to keep in mind that in Santorini, I had a little too much time in the sunshine, combined with fast women and ouzo shots, so my judgment wasn't the greatest in that state.Onto the main entrees. My girlfriend's ravioli with asparagus and feta was good and I liked how it wasn't smothered in cheese....helpful for those of us that are lactose intolerant.I ordered the moussaka. It was good, but it was too rich and I could only finish about half of it, as I didn't want to get Montezuma's revenge and worship the porcelain god that evening. Overall, it was an enjoyabl experience, with good food and atmosphere. Still, I don't think it is the "best" in the city, like many people say it is. I think those people probably have only been to a few restaurants in the city.
Oh lamb goodness. and not just lamb goodness but fried cheese goodness, and grilled calamari goodness, and LP goodness.(if you have to ask what LP is don't bother) and sweet sweet sunday for dessert goodness. Everthying about this is play was amazing, from the moment we sat down at the bar and had our three course, or was it four course meal, was flawless. amazing attenion to detail in both service and food. a beautifull wide open space yet very cozy. easily one of my new favorite restauants in the city.
should have gone for the Ravioli rather than the lamb chops. (here's why:)ambiance would have been amazing if the place was about 1/20th of the size. would be much better for parties of 8-10.we got the Zucchini Cakes - with cucumber & mint yogurt dressing - which were amazing!!!! We were disappointed with their beer selection - I mean, nothing on tap - not so cool. Oh don't get the Tomato Salad - heirloom tomatoes & purslane with feta cheese - the cheese they used was cold and a block cube that didn't blend well or compliment the heirloom.I got the Arnisia Paidakia - grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes - potatoes were okay but not flavorful enough, esp being greek, but the lamb chops were very flavorful. although i got bored of them after one and moved on to my date's Makaronia me Horta - ravioli of braised greens & feta with mushrooms, pine nuts & summer squash - which i will admit, captured my heart after one bite - and should have gone for the Ravioli rather than the lamb chops.
Its as good as the word - kokkari - sounds. Seriously just say it to yourself. Its an addictive word. I wish I could use it in scrabble - but there unfortunately arent that many Ks in the English vocabulay. I love what they do with lamb here.
Always consistent, amazing lamb, awesome pikilia (greek spreads) platter. I am not lacking creativity when it comes to food and Bay Area has plenty of restaurants to choose from, but I have been to Kokkari at least 25 times and will be coming back! Unless lamb chops somehow become illegal...
Wow. I mean... wow. Kokkari is the whole package. The food is ridiculously delicious--well-seasoned and impeccably prepared. On our table--a small cold plate of rye bread soaked in balsamic and olive oil, topped with Purple Cherokee heirloom tomatoes, braised lamb shank, halibut... and a few other dishes which currently escape my memory because we also had 2 bottles of wine on said table... The staff is warm and attentive, the lighting is fantastic--take a date here if you want him or her to have a lasting impression of how gorgeous you looked "that night"... I can't say enough about the place.If you happen to be in a group of girls celebrating a special occasion, you might experience a phenomenon that I can only describe as "the Ouzo fairy" (and by that I mean, a very handsome and flirtatious, young Greek man insisting on celebrating your occasion with a round of Ouzo for all the luscious ladies of your table). Now, *that* is what I call a fantastic dessert. Yum. Oh, and the ouzo was good, too. RAWR.
This place was awesome. We went last saturday for our anniversary dinner-definitely a place for special occasions since it's pricey. Food was wonderful, service was great and the setting very romantic and beautiful.
I had little to no expectations about this place and was pleasantly surprised by the outcome. Kokkari is larger than it looks from the outside. It's also a lot fancier than I had expected. I arrived for a lunch, when this place may be better suited for a nice dinner. Nevertheless, I was satisfied by my meal. My lunchmate and I split 4 appetizers, ordered individual salads and split a dessert. We had the traditional greek grape leaves app, the phyllo dough with spinach and cheese app, the lamb riblets and the grilled octopus. The grape leaves (which I usually avoid) were quite good, while the octopus wasn't chewy, but broke apart just right in my mouth. I would avoid the salads upon my next visit, but the Yogurt sorbet with fruit granita was incredibly refreshing and satisfying.The waiter was a little overly enthusiastic, but I will not criticize his passion since I'm the same way when it comes to good food. Overall, a very pleasant experience and a place I will be sure to visit again... probably at dinner next time.
I had to log on and give an update because Kokkari has impressed me the last two times I was there. My party clearly made a mistake ordering a bunch of appetizers the first time we were there. I had the entrees the last two times, and they were to die for. The grilled sea bass was excellent, although pricey at $30. The ravioli was delicious too. I had a bite of my brother's dish, which was beef of some sort with orzo, and it was flavorful. Don't skip dessert. So I am doing a 180 and changing my mind about Kokkari. It's fantastic.
I've been here for lunch and dinner and both meals have been excellent. The best greek/mediterranean food I've had in SF so far. Everything I've ordered has been amazing, from the lamb chops, the lamb souvlaki, meatballs, riblets and greek salad. The olives, which are scooped out of this huge clay pot are fresh and delicious. The decor is fairly upscale and the prices are too, so expect to pay a little more than your typical greek restaurant. Highly recommended for an expense account meal.
After a coworker raved and raved about Kokkari, I read all the reviews here. I skeptically set a reservation. I always hesitate because it inevitably seems that everyone tells us how INCREDIBLE a restaurant is and we go, spend copious amounts of money and then are sorely disappointed. You will not be disappointed! From the extremely attentive wait staff (you MUST ask to be seated in Abel's section), the comfortable atmosphere and the amazing food, I don't really see how it could be much better. We had the saghanaki (pan fried cheese with a splash of lemon) and the homemade pita/dip platter to start and could have easily stopped there. Being the gluttons we are, we forged ahead to the spit-fired lamb with Yukon potatoes. I've never had lamb cooked like this before, but once again, was very pleased. Dessert was a no-brainer... I asked Abel what he suggested and we, because we are obviously brilliant, went with his favorites; Galaktoboureko (custard wrapped in flaky, buttery filo dough topped with pistachio ice cream) and Yiaourti me Meli (the homemade yogurt drizzled with honey and loaded with nuts and dates). We topped it off with the deliciously uncommon Greek coffee. Perfection.I asked to speak to the manager before we left and told him how much we enjoyed everything. He was professional and warm. As we were leaving, he called my husband by name and told him that he hoped to see us soon. They do have valet parking for $8, which is pretty reasonable. The dinner ended up being $118 (no alcohol!) without the tip, so if you're wanting lamb, be prepared to pay for it, but I assure you...it was the best $118 + tip I've spent in the city for dinner. Mr. AnnaBear grew up in Detroit and has been lucky enough to experience some great Greek fare. He ranks Kokkari #1 overall. He's had better food, but never with such great service and surroundings.
There are lots of reviews here so I can't really add much. The braised lamb shank with orzo and the rotisserie pork with both very tasty. And the service was good *except* the food came out too quickly; it would have been nice if the dinner was paced a bit better. That being said, we paced the meal ourselves (there was a large amount of food!) and enjoyed everything!
One of the very BEST meals I've had in a while! Simply terrific! The presentation as well as the service was equally impressive. All around a terrific restaurant and highly recomended.
Warm, welcoming, best service in SF and everyone we bring here loves it.
I've been here twice and this place rocks. Lamb is spectacular.Service especially deserves mentioning - Now, it's not fancy prudish, wait on your beck and call, french restaurant style. Instead, the people are friendly and gracious and glad to see you with a friendly vibe as if you're part of the family.Both times, we had over 8 people and the waiters never missed a beat and were always aware of we needed...and this was on Saturday night both times.Prices are as expected to be moderately pricey but hey, the food and ambiance is totally worth it.Tough to get a reservation so plan ahead, even in this economy.Talking about this place has me already making a reservation for next month!
Kokkari (and Evvia) boast the best Mediterranean food in the Bay Area. Like Evvia, it's a constant go-to for any occasion. The decor is warm and rustic - think wide floor boards, wrought iron, and the smell of roasted rosemary. Food is impeccable.
I went here due in search of good Greek food and yes, the food was good. The atmosphere, however, not so much. My waiter was snotty, forgot to bring my water (even though I asked for it three times) and the calamri was a bummer. 1. Calamari: Such a disappointment. It was small, soggy, and milky. Gross2. Grilled octopos: Light and delightful. Can't go wrong. 3. Baked fish: The fish was fresh, but the flavor wasn't right. My fish was literally drowning in some type of white sauce.4. Creme-Brulee: Decent5. Oozu: Not sure of the spelling, but pretty good alcohol. It goes well with the squid.
For appetizers, we shared the Zucchini Cakes, Saghanaki, Grilled Calamari, and Grilled Lamb Riblets. For entrees, we shared the Moussaka and grilled sole. All were delicious, particularly the zucchini and moussaka. The riblets were hyped, and I thought over-rated, but still good. For dessert, we shared the baklava. Highly recommended!
Don't get me wrong most of what we ordered was fantastic. The lamb chops were some of the best I've ever had. The spanikotiropita and zucchini cakes were fantastic, but the brussel sprouts were totally mediocre. The desert (lemon "pies" with iced cream) was amazing.So why only 4 stars, because I can't give 4.5 stars, and I'm hestiant about giving 5 when the brussel sprouts were so meh and the waiter seemed impatient and cold.
This is my third visit in as many years; it's been too long, Kokkari!Greek cuisine is something I'd like to know better; my experience is limited to gyros, Kokkari, and Gerald Durrell's descriptions of his childhood in Corfu.An early December visit means that the working fireplace was very welcome, and the decor (with pine cones and apples tucked into the chandelier) was cozy and beautiful. We came with a fairly large group to celebrate a co-worker's impending maternity leave, and they gave us a good (large, round) table. Our waiter was a nice guy; he patiently waited while we gave our co-worker her gifts after the main course, and added a candle to her dessert. I also appreciated his pronunciation of the difficult-to-me Greek words; hopefully I can now remember how to say "moussaka" next time.Here is what our group ordered (asterisk marks the ones I personally tasted):Appetizers:*Spanakopita*Zucchini cakes*Grilled calamari*Tzatziki and two other spreads with housemade grilled pitaPersimmon saladEntrees:*Octopus saladGrilled lamb chopsLahanofilodolmathes (braised cabbage leaves stuffed with veal)Dessert:*Baked apple with "sap" gelatoRice puddingSorbet with fruit granitaChocolate cakeBaklavaGreek yogurtGelatoI've never particularly enjoyed spanakopita since I'm not a huge fan of savory phyllo treats. (Baklava, on the other hand, is *all good*.) The various spreads were interesting and toothsome, particularly the one made with cod roe. The grilled calamari was tender, sour with lemon juice, and stuffed with feta, which I have to admit visually grossed me out a little as it gushed out when I pressed down on the morsel with my fork. Yup, my hands-down favorite appetizer was the zucchini cake. I couldn't tell what else was in the filling, but it was one crisp fried morsel of deliciousness.The grilled lamb chops, which are Kokkari's signature dish, were very popular with my group (half chose this). Two more chose the tongue-twisting Lahanofilodolmathes, which are cabbage leaves stuffed with veal, braised in avgolemono (egg-lemon soup). I was tempted but decided against it. For one thing, I'm Hindu and rarely eat beef -- although I did have an In-N-Out burger to see what all the fuss was about -- and for another, I remembered watching a PETA commercial on raising calves for slaughter. I will say that people seemed entirely content with the lamb chops and the veal.Well, I was feeling adventurous, so I got the octopus salad. I don't think I'd had octopus before, so I wasn't sure what it's supposed to taste like. Unfortunately, it didn't seem to taste like much of anything. The chewy texture, along with the tiny suckers on some of the pieces, didn't really bother me. But I wish the octopus had been more flavorful and tender. The salad comes with a ton of frisee; I made it halfway before tiring of the dressing. It was light and lemony, and I generally do enjoy tart flavors. But I hadn't realized how important the lemon is in Greek cooking; I guess I don't like it *that* much.So let's move on to dessert! As you can see, our table ordered a wide selection, and the presentation of each was simple and lovely. I am so glad I continued being adventurous and ordered the baked apple. That doesn't sound too risky, you say? Well, it came with a scoop of -- get this -- sap-flavored gelato. I looked up the mysterious "mastiki" flavor; Wikipedia says that the mastic shrub is culitvated for its aromatic resin. The flavor was cold and sweet and sharp, and invoked a green woodsy feel. I've never had anything like it. Like a sweet popsicle made with the essence of a pine tree. Probably one of the most interesting things I've ever tried; I feel oddly proud that I went for it. Combined with a succulent baked apple (which was filled with walnuts and cinnamon), it made for one of the most memorable desserts I've ever had -- and I usually have to be restrained from getting the most chocolate-y thing on the menu.Things I have to remember to order next time:Zucchini cakesMoussaka (this was from an earlier visit to Kokkari. It was delicious but guilt-inducingly rich)Braised dolmathes (stuffed with lamb or chicken)Baked apple with mastiki gelatoGreek yogurtYup, I should start counting the days (and going to spin class) until my next visit to Kokkari. Thanks to the friendly waitstaff; we had a tasty lunch for a happy occasion!Also, I have got to figure out how to write shorter reviews ... With 1000+ glowing reviews, y'all really needed another one!
Kokkari is good. It's a little more fancy than I typically like to dine, but they have a decent selection of vegetarian options which makes me happy. The restaurant is huge and they did a nice job for my friend's b-day, so I'm down.
Delicious.....only negatove is price, but this place has been consistent and delicious every time I have come.Dips Always Good -(not a huge bread fan, but you gotta try theirs!)Watermelon Salad tastyMarket Fish always good
OMG, Kokkari definitely deserves all the 5-star reviews it gets. I had an unbelievably scrumptious meal last week, complete with a beautiful setting and a super-knowledgeable and friendly server. My best foodie friend and decided to forgo entrees and just order hordes of appetizers, and our server actually told us to STOP ordering because we would have enough...although we doubted him, he was completely right! We had the Kolokithokeftethes (zucchinni cakes) , the Aginares Souvlaki (eggplant/artichoke skewers), and a trio of dips (not on their menu) that came with dolmades, sliced cucumbers, and tasty seasoned pita, which was recommended by our server. For dessert we had Galaktoboureko (custard in filo with meyer lemon and creme fraiche ice cream) and a side of the fig ice cream, which was UNBELIEVABLE, as well as tea and greek coffee. Damn, we ate a lot, but it was soooooo worth it. p.s. don't eat the candy by the door on your way out if you don't like black licorice. trust me.
wondeful dining experience. to sum it up, this is a high class restaurant with a casual atmosphere. located in the financial district, a lot of the people who were there did look like they had just left their offices. but all of the staff were extremely courteous and attentive. someone even refolded my husband's table napkin while he was in the restroom. our waitress gave me an excellent white wine selection from the santorini region.getting down to the food.  yum! we ordered the octopus (regular appetizer) and duck dolmades (appetizer special). i've never had octopus before, but was emboldened by other yelp reviewers and was not disappointed. the duck dolmades were the best i've had. too often i've experienced overcooked rice, but the rice inside these grapeleaves were perfectly tender. my husband ordered one of the daily specials which was the napa valley spring lamb. i ordered one of the menu staples, the lamb shank. normally i don't get lamb b/c it is too gamey for my taste. but again, after reading other yelp reviews, i decided to give it a chance and i was not disappointed. my lamb shank was extremely fall-off-the-bone tender and perfectly flavored. no gameyness here. there was so much food, i had to stop eating to save room for dessert and i recommend everyone get dessert! we got the baklava flavor ice cream (a dessert special) and the semolina custard in filo pastry. i'm now in love with both and wish i had some with me right now.i look forward to coming back!
This review is for the private dining room downstairs. I'm not a huge fan of Greek food, and don't know much about it, but I absolutely loved the food at Kokkari. Since I was there for my friends company's Christmas party, I think we ordered close to everything on the Menu. We started with the Kalamata Pita (great if you love Kalamata olives), the Kalamari (not like the basic Calamari you usually picture, but still really really good), Arnisia Plevrakia (grilled lamb riblets, sounds bad I know, but it's SO good!! Try it, you'll love it.), we also had theAginares Souvlaki (grilled artichoke). Everything was great, I would recommend any of the appetizers based off of the fact that we ordered so many and there wasn't one that I didn't like. For my meal I had the grilled lamb chops which were excellent, not to dried out and the seasoning was perfect. For dessert we ordered the sundae and chocolate cake, both really good, but kind of mediocre, nothing stellar about them.Overall I had a really great time here. The ambiance and decor upstairs are really romantic and classy. I would definitely come here on a date or for a nice dinner with my family or some close friends. And an FYI- it's a pretty expensive place, so try to have your sugar daddy/mama take you here. They have a really fantastic fireplace upstairs as well. Since we were downstairs in a private dining room I feel like the wait staff catered to us a little more closely then the wait staff upstairs would, but I guess that can't be determined until I eat upstairs. After writing this review I'm definitely craving to come back here!(PS- if you are interested in having a private dinner party here the minimum limit is 1,000$ that you must spend on your meal.)
Amazing! Started with the zuchini cakes which are one of the most starters I've ever had. The seasoned yogurt is truly one of a kind. I had the chicken for my main dish which was also one of a kind. Atmosphere great, service great, food great. You can't go wrong dining here.
Kokkari is such a great high end dining place. It's so inviting and cozy. Couldn't get reservations day of on a Friday, but it's to be expected from here. My best friend and I went anyways somehow snagged two seats at the bar, where the bar staff was exceptionally nice and friendly. We had the Moussakka which was excellent as was the special fish of the day. I can't believe it's taken me this long to find this place. It's definitely a treasure in SF.
My wife and I went to Kokkari for our last "date night". We were seated relatively quickly - though there were other people milling around the hostess. Not sure what was going on there.Our server was excellent. Unfortunately, can't say the same for the food. We had smelt and grilled octopus for starters. They were both ok. We went with the goat stew for the main course - it came in a bed of orzo. Extremely generous portion. The meat was well cooked and not gamey. We paired this with a half bottle of Shiraz, which was pretty good considering that I usually drink Cab or Zin.All in all, ok restaurant considering it was a hundred bucks.
love love love Kokkari, what more can I say, delightful experience. Sole in lemon butter with braised greens. warm pita, taramosalata, olives, dolmas, chocolate cake, and greek coffee....ah what an exquisite meal!
Never have had a bad meal here. Everything is wonderful and I have come back about three times to enjoy the seasonal cuisine. Great spot for a nice night out with a date or bringing the parents out to dinner. The Greek cuisine is unique and so very delicious. They also have very good wine selections. Every price range is available and the waiters do a good job directing to the right wine choice! Already have another reservation booked!
I have a friend that swears this is the best restaurant she has ever eaten at. Ever. If she were rating this it would likely be in the range of 6 out of 5 stars. After hearing her go on and on about Kokkari, we booked a reservation. It was a Thursday night. Our reservations were for 8:30pm. Our party of 4 arrived a couple minutes early and were told our table wasn't ready yet and to have a seat at the bar. Almost an hour later we were finally seated (with at least one comped round of drinks in our bellies). We were more than hungry by this point and ordered a smattering of the small dishes. The food was amazing. And while I am not ready to say it's the best I've ever had.... it was pretty darn great. The service was solid and the wine list was varied and more than adequate. Perhaps however the biggest testament to how great Kokkari was is that I am writing this review, and have given it 4 out of 5 stars, despite having to dine into what seemed like the wee hours of morning. Kokkari, I'm willing to give you a second chance.... let's try to stay on schedule this time.
I love Kokarri because the greek food, service and ambiance are consistently outstanding! I've brought many of my out of town family and friends to this place on several occasions and everybody has loved it too. You know you've found a gem of a restaurant when it's universally loved. I've eaten everything on the hot and cold small plates menu (lamb riblets, smelts, grilled shrimp, grilled octopus, spanakoptia, hummus, baba ghanoush, fresh baked pita bread, etc.) and they're all excellent. And their lamb chops and fish of the day entrees are great. I don't give out many 5 stars but this place earned it.
3.5"patience is a virtue, my son..." :]my my, kokkari definitely will teach you a lesson when it comes to patience ... kokkari will also trick you in getting 2, not 1, but 2 appetizers because it literally took almost 40 minutes for our entrees to come out, but luckily, he made the time go by a lil bit faster... but still...kokkari is a homey place... their high ceilings give you this classical yet trendy twist when you walk in.. not to mention, lots of wood, and lots of comfort with plushy chairs... the front area is kinda busy, so you can either make yourself to the back in the front area where there's a bar, or you can choose to walk further back where it has more of an intimate feel, and not to ferget, their restrooms which were on the lower level, was very nice. me likey! the location? close, but not too close to the FiDi, yet slightly tucked away in a quiet area... one thing that really strikingly caught my attention was their enormous fireplace where they cooked my porkchop - tasty! even though we didn't order a bottle of wine, the wine list was quite impressive.the complimentary bread was definitely bland and no good... i'm also not a fan of pitted olives, but that, i must say, was good... now, onto the foodies... we started off with the Garides Yuvetsi, as an appetizer, which is wood oven roasted prawns with tomato & feta cheese - $12.75, which wasn't that great, the cheese really got to me, but he really digged it.. me no like.we couldn't decide what to get, so we asked the server for his words of wisdom... i must say, we were lucky to get a friendly fine gentleman as our server. at one point, i was scratching my ear, but he thought he was interrupting my conversation and apologized.. what a sweet gesture... anyways, he insisted that their signature dish was the lambchops, but goodness, the way he was so persistent bout it ... hmm... must mean it was fantastic. it was aright, quite tasty but not fantastic. the exact name was, ' Arnisia Paidakia - grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes" - $29.50. not a fan of lamb, but he is, and he appreciated it. i kno greek food is known for lamb, but the lambchops, eh, for me.i, on the other hand, ordered their "Souvla Tis Emeras -- today's rotisserie" for $29, which was basically pork with a bunch of big fat beans which was indeed, quite tasty. i'd so order this again. even though there was a fair amount of fat all over, they weren't really cheap with their portion, quite hefty, yet tasty, and and left me happy, that's for sure. the cool thing about this was that i actually saw the pork being cooked inside their gigantic fireplace from afar...for dessert, again, the server suggested the "Yiaourti me Meli" -- Greek yogurt with spiced walnuts & dates drizzled with Greek Attiki honey - $7... bah!! it was soo rich and soo gooey and not great for the teeth... DONT GET THIS IF YOU WANT TO FEEL STOPID! i say this because you could simply make this on your own. you just get honey, granola, yogurt, and walnuts and mix it together, and wala, there you have it, a cheap ass breakfast to be... PASS. kinda ruined my whole dinner..:(parking : come early and you'll find one around the corner, if not, $8 for valet.great place for a date, festivities, and family gatherings!
Seeing how my grandma is the hepist cat of a senior in all of Florida, I knew this was the place to rock her 90th birthday with a few close family members. We macked on some succulent lamb chops, and pounded back some Xifias Souvlaki, aka swordfish and shitaki skewers. And just 'cause you don't turn 90 everyday we threw back a Jeroboam of Domaine Les Pallires Gigondas, pouring out just a little for her homies who weren't there. Drip, drip, drip!A truly smash up time. Never bothered grandma for a second when the waiters picked up her chair and carried her singing around the restaurant. Only thing was that she slouched a bit under the weight of the dookie gold rope necklace that I had given her as a present.
Cozy atmosphere, friendly service, fabulous food - I think the only thing that would have made things better was if we stepped out the door and found ourselves on the coast of Santorini. The 4 of us went family style so we got to try lots of dishes and most everything was delicious, but the superstars were the roasted artichoke/eggplant skewer (love the yogurt sauce!), the tomato fritter (special for the night, but we're told it's in the style of their zucchini cakes), the special rotisserie Berkshire pork (possibly the best pork I've ever had), and the desserts - wow. If I hadn't already been so stuffed I would have ordered 2 of them. The semolina custard pastry and the yogurt sorbet with apricot granita are not to be missed. Other dishes we had - watermelon/feta salad (pretty good, but I could have made this at home), lambs tongue (very tender and tasty, definitely worth trying - after all, where else are you going to get lambs tongue?), lamb chops (tender, flavorful - a solid dish for the less adventurous. Bonus points to Kokkari for throwing in an extra chop so everyone could have one a-la-family-style). My friend got the greek coffee which was kind of funky - it tasted like root vegetables, and you end up with this muddy sludge at the bottom.  I was happy with my decaf cappucino. But over all, a wonderful dining experience - definitely one of my favorites!A special shout out to our waiter Christopher who was fantastic! Spot on with the wine recommendations, food portion recs, and dish recs. Very friendly and personable, and actually thanked the other servers that were assisting him with water glasses, clearing plates, etc. He gets a gold star in my book!
RECENT UPDATE: my colleague and i frequently come in here for after-work drinks. last week we were approached by the manager of the restaurant, Panos Gogonas- what a nice guy! he chatted with us for about 15 minutes and then had them bring us some complimentary food.(i told him to check out Yelp to see all the good reviews) the energy in here is so warm and welcoming that even if you're just coming here for drinks, its a wonderful experience. nothing better than nibbling on kalamata olives and sipping on wine after a rough day at work. its like therapy, greek style.ORIGINAL REVIEW: if you like greek food, you'll love this place, the food is fabulous! its sooooo pretty inside to (the decor) you feel like a greek God/Goddess eating here. table by the fireplace is the best seat in the house. very impressive place to take a date. if you go, please try the lamb-- it's excellent. the service is impeccable too. you're really missing out if you don't experience kokkari at least once!
great big chairs and room between tables, what a concept. the open roasting grill is for sure a topic of conversation.when i come back again, I'm just going for a ton of appetizers- they are to die for, whatever tickles your fancy, calamari, flatbread, meatballs, tons of choices.the roast duck was really, really good and the fried snapper was awesome. too stuffed for dessert.
Best Greek food I've ever had, but is pretty pricey. Expect to pay at least $100/person (drinks, appetizers, entree, dessert)
Interesting take on Greek cuisine. Good food.
Food was delicious and reccomend it if you are feeling Meditteranean and its a romantic spot, so great date place.
We have been to Kokkari for dinner several times now and we are never disappointed. The service is second to none and the food is awesome. They are known for their lamb shank and lamb chops and for good reason. These entrees are the best that we have tried so far at the restaurant but sometimes the chef will surprise with something great for the nightly special (think amazing pork roast). For apps I have to recommend the zuchini cakes and meatballs and dessert the philo dough stuffed with cream. Really great meal all-around. Wine list is OK, we had a light Greek wine with apps and it was great, only 35-40$. We had never had Greek wine before and didn't know what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised. If you can sit in the front room as the atmosphere is great, a little quieter, and in the winter it's great to be next to the fire pit they have going. Service is top notch. They have valet for 8$.
i have been on a 5 star roll lately...and this is one other deserving place.all the signs were there...1. starah k writes an awesome review about kokkari2. a colleague of mine mentioned she was headed there3. i met Paul Kirby, the general manager at a charity gala to help stop human trafficking. all leading me to...go eat at kokkari.pluses:1. valet!2. beautiful and warm interior.3. large and spacious - great for groups! 4. private room available for special events5. family friendly6. though still romantic enough for dates.oh, the food. we never got to the entrees because we literally almost sampled every single app on the menu. the service was fast and friendly. we were well attended to and never felt rushed.everything we sampled was good but the highlights:1. cucumber yogurt dip tzatziki2. BEEK CHEEKS so tender, so yummy3. tasty grilled calamari4. stuffed grape leaves!the desserts looked so good but we made the rookie mistake of eating too much and not leaving room. next time, i'm definitely ordering from the grill pit and from the dessert menu.
A very awesome "fancy" Greek restaurant. I say "fancy" because believe or not, you are hard-pressed to find a Greek/Meditterranean restaurant that has the look and ambiance of a true five-star, expensive place. Cool location near the financial district and walkable to North Beach. Great decor, has that Greek underground cavern feel while still having warm lighting and a warm hearth (aka fireplace). As for the food, I've only been there once so I don't want to say anything definitively (that's why this isn't 5 stars yet...but its possible depending on future results). The one time I went, in a group of about 6 or so, everyone seemed to order different things and enjoyed all of it immensely. I enjoyed the special that night, which was a rack of lamb which was rotisseried and infused with rosemary and was fantastic. Not too unique, but fantastic. I believe the wine was impressive as well. Worth a repeat visit! Must try the rest of the menu. Also, note this is particularly high praise, given that I'm Turkish and all :P
3.5 starts. Great atmosphere, convenient location, and delicious food. I came here for lunch with potential clients. Everything tasted fantastic and the warm ambiance definitely helped smooth over awkward moments. Minus .5 star for the price. It is good food, but I don't think it's worth the price. Well, I guess anything decent in a pretty setting will cost an arm and a leg in the fidi.
I am Greek and visited Kokkari with fellow Greeks - the food here is amazing and, in a lot of cases, even better than the real thing (in Greece, I mean!). Of course, this is not taverna food, I read a lot of reviews here saying that this is good but not authentic - actually this is wrong. The food is 100% Greek, but just the scenery is more upscale than a taverna - it is actually a restaurant.Oh my God, where do I begin with the food - Even the bread and olives they bring you at first are excellent. We had a lot of appetizers to share (as should be with Greek food) and they were all great: The saghanaki (fried cheese with lemon), htapodaki (octopus), kolokithokeftedes (zucchini cakes), lamb riblets and the killer skordalia (garlic dip) seved with Greek pita (not Arabic like they do everywhere else). Everything was amazing. From the mains the paidakia (lamb chops) with the potatoes are Kokkari's specialty anyway and rightly so. We also had the fresh seabass with horta (braised greens) - I was immediately transported to a Greek island! The service is impeccable, everyone was very professional and friendly, not stuffy at all. In fact we even had a two year-old with us and did not feel uncomfortable at all.And if you think it is expensive, well, wait till you have fresh fish in Greece!Finally, it's so authentic Greek that they treated us to dessert and dessert wine! It was perfect!
Three of us went for dessert and wine. We had the special berry soaked bread layers and a half bottle of Royal Tokaji Asz wine. I want to go back for dinner next time.
I came here for my birthday this year and was so happy I did. First of all, the decor is beautiful. Rustic, with lots of dark weathered wood tables and a Mediterranean vibe, and the lighting was very romantic. For starters we had the tzatziki, which was creamy and so delicious...addicting really, the prawns with feta and tomatoes (im not a fan of seafood and cheese together but this was delicious), and the lamb ribblets which fell off the bone and melted in the mouth. I ordered the rotisserie duck (a special not always on the menu), at the suggestion of the waiter and wanted to kiss him for pointing me in the right direction. It was so good....i can't even put it into words. So simple, with just lemon and oregano on top. The skin was so crispy and delicious and the meat was tender and soft. They also gave me, like, the whole damn duck and I could barely finish half because of the richness of the flavor. Regardless, it was the best duck i've ever had. Consider yourself lucky if you go there on a night when they are serving it.My parents both had the lambchops....also huge portions, and enjoyed them immensely. I would also like to take this time to give major props to our waiter. He was awesome and super knowledgeable about the menu and the ingredients. He was so friendly and accommodating, as was any other staff member that served us along the way (bread guy, water guy, etc...). Its really hard to find good Greek food these days and Kokkari gives you that amazing traditional feel and taste with a slightly modern vibe. Its perfect for dates, birthdays, special occasions, WHATEVER. just go there and enjoy yourself. Its perfect in my book.
As you can tell from the 8,000 other reviews, Kokkari is an excellent, first class restaurant in just about every way, not to mention that is has (probably) the best Greek food available for miles around. Get the Arnisia Plevrakia (lamb riblets) for an appetizer, the Moussaka is also a wonderful choice for entree, it's lambtastic... and don't forget to finish the meal with some Ouzo.
MAKE RESERVATIONS EVEN FOR LUNCH!!!!Our daughter treated us to lunch Friday. We had planned a day of looking at the tall ships, then walking over to Kokkari for lunch before heading back to the East Bay. I called at 11am to make a lunch reservation. I was able to get the 3 of us in at 1:15pm! The hostess did let me know that we could arrive early, partake of beverages etc. at the bar and maybe get in a bit earlier. We did just that. We each had a glass of wine and ordered the grilled calamari. We were seated before the appointed reservation time which was nice . The place was crowded. Don't know if it was because it was Friday or if it is like this every day.Next we order the wood oven roasted prawn and one order of the heirloom tomato salad to share. Make sure you have bread handy to scoop up the sauce on those prawns! It was out of this world. We each ordered a different dish in order to sample each others choice. I had the ravioli, my husband had the Friday special (paputsaki) and my daughter had the lamb souvlaki. We would recommend each. We consumed everything!The only issue we had during the course of our meal was the wine. We ordered a pinot noir from the wine list. Our waiter came back to let us know that the list had not been updated and they were out of our choice. No problem, we ordered another pinot...same thing. Our server came back to tell us they were out of that one too. No problem though, he had brought back another choice and offered it at the same price of our original selection. We agreed. We enjoyed.Our meal was wonderful.Our server was attentive, friendly and informative.The experience was delightful.Our total including starters, wine and food: $168We will go again and will recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting the city in the future.
This place is so fine!The place is an excellent 5 star restaurant with the best Greek food this side of the pond.The hummus is so good and with great variety of dishes which are unparallel in their taste and texture. This is my number one place for a birthday or a special moment. Top notch. Flawless service.Excellent seating in the dining areas. Very intimate.A place you could propose to someone at. Sigh.
one of my favorites in the city to hang out...food nwine selections are always superb!!
This is one of my favorite spots in the city. The owner and head chef are awesome. Every time I come in they do something special- a new calamari dish or champange cocktail. The food is authentic Greek, the lamb and pork are slow cooked for hours and it is a unique flavor. I can't get into the smelt (it looks like fries but it is fried baby fish- i must be a greek thing).I had great time here Saturday after an evening gone wrong.  This place and some awesome friends made a me soon forget how I was trapped with a toxic bi#$% earlier that night. Any place that can take if edge off that is pretty terrific.
Great Greek food. A place for a quite dinner with drinks and delicious food. Image wise, I maybe the most out of place person there, which I knew and loved. =o)  As far as the place goes, it's simply set up, very comfortable. It a bit too expensive, but it's worth it, since it's the only place with lamb that I'm not disappointed with. The service was excellent. It's really a FIVE STARS place!!! The only, only reason I'm giving it four stars is because I shouldn't have to use any effort to cut the potato. I admit, the skin of the potato can be rough sometime, but come on, the knife they have just wasn't working with me.As quoted by my friend "The "Yiaourti me Meli" dessert was the hit of the evening. It's a Greek yogurt with candied walnuts, dates, and drizzled in honey. Very tasty."  And I have to say, it was tasty.
Someone please explain this to me. Kokkari has been around for like 20 years, and it's still incredibly good. It's good every single time I eat there (which isn't nearly as often as I'd like). Every other place starts good, then gets lazy. This place is crushing it year after year. How??My latest visit: Sit at the bar. Chat with the cool bartender who pours extra wine for free. He sets up a full place setting for us and dinner arrives. - Assorted spreads - freaking amazing. (Who knew fava beans could taste so incredible as a dip?) The warm bread is so good it's outrageous.- Local deep-fried sand dabs - not especially Greek, but especially awesome.- Lamb riblets - I will now only eat lamb in riblet form. Not that I'll figure out which part of a sheep is the "riblet"- Skewers of eggplant and artichoke - Vert tasty but compared to the other stuff no fireworks. My dining companions were nuts about this dish, tho- Whole branzino with avgolemono sauce - sublime flavor. Whole fish is more work to eat, but it's sooo moist and tasty.- Goat stew. Strange? Maybe. Very very good spices and flavors in this dish. Cinnamon, other stuff I couldn't identify. Tasted a lot like lamb actually. This was the singular winner of the night. The bartender paired a glass of wine with this that was perfect. A high note.Desserts were the semolina pudding in filo and a chocolate cake. Delicious and generous portions.This place just has everything. It's a little expensive, but you get it all in service, ambiance, food, and consistency. It's about food that's just yummy. Not "unique", not "challenging", not "groundbreaking", just unbelievably satisfying. And the dining experience is a textbook example of how to run a restaurant.Every native should eat here at least once, and every visitor should make this a required stop. Highest recommendation.
I have never had a bad meal here. I've been here 10 times probably this year. It's great for groups. The wine is great too. I never knew Greece had such a great selection of wine till I came here. I'd ask the wine steward for a recommendation of a wine from greece. Get away from the normal napa stuff. The specialtyof the restaurant is the lamb chops. They also have a special entree that is roasted on the spit over the fire in the front of the restaurant which is always excellent. Also when they have duck on the menu it is excellent. Highly recommended. Also I love the pita bread with various dips on the appetizer menu. I've never tried the fish, but my friends have raved about it as well.The restaurant is not cheap, but you can't go wrong here. Great for groups and for dates. Also if you plan private events for your work they have a great community table for 20 in the middle of the restaurant, a private room for 20 and a special private room for 10.Also if you like desserts, they have homemade icecream. YUM
Kokkari ... is that Greek for bad service?What a waste of time and money. Atmosphere nice and food is ok, but the service is worse than Denny's in a "Blue State".
I just got back from one of the best dining experiences I've ever had, and luckily for you, I'm going to share it. Around 9pm, on a cool and beautiful night, we entered Kokkari. Because of our ignorance to how busy this place gets (even on a Thursday night), we did not make reservations. It was packed, and the hostess basically told us we had to cross our fingers and wait. Thankfully the food gods were on our side, and they let us slip into a small table on the side. Kokkari had a very lovely appearance. The walls had a pleasant darkened wood texture, which radiated a warm and comfortable vibe. The lightening was dimmed romantically, which should please those couples out there. It was basically everything you could want and expect to see from a top-notch restaurant, and a perfect place to bring a date, that best friend, your boss, or hell, even your parents. The restaurant attire seemed to be on the "upper" side of things, so I wouldn't exactly have little Tommy's soccer team come here for a victory meal, but I walked in wearing a band t-shirt and no one gave me an evil-eye (that I saw).  After being seated, we were greeted by the friendly and knowledgeable host. He was kind enough (or cruel enough, depending on how you look at it) to tell us his recommendations, which added weight to the already intensely tough decision that was to pick our meal. While we were being indecisive on our entrees, we ordered the Spanakotripita and Kalamari appetizers. The Spanakotripita was ok, but the "kalamari" on the other hand, was one of my favorite dishes, and a MUST GET for anyone heading to Kokkari. Perfectly grilled calamari stuffed with flavorfully feta cheese and olives? Oh yeah, that's right. Next time I'm getting two orders of this mouth-watering dish. Alongside the bread, which was good in its own right, they gave out a complimentary plate of Greek olives. Those olives I can only compare to heroin, expect for that death part, but hey, just as addictive. Who knew olives could be so damn good?!By now you might have guessed that I am going to have an aneurysm explaining how much I enjoyed my entre. Well, I won't disappoint you. I got to try the Kokinsto me Masetra (Lamb Shank), Moussaka, and Goat Stew. The Lamb Shank was out of this world good. Served on the bone, all one had to do was lift it up for the juicy meat to gracefully slither off the bone. The mossuaka, being one of my favorite Greek dishes, was served differently from what I am used too, but it was a welcomed change. It was served almost like a crme brulee, with the top layer of yogurt to be the dishes highlight (also like crme brulee). The Goat Stew was also to die for. Much like the lamb, the goat was tender as can be, and rest of the stew complimented the dark meat brilliantly. So, just how good is this place? You'll be seeing the tender luscious meat gliding off colossal lamb bones in your dreams. You'll be the watercooler all-star at work as you describe your meal and how fantastic it was. You'll serial date just so you could take as many people here and impress them with your astounding taste. You'll suffer a food coma and wake up weeks later in a hospital bed. Ok, I took that last one a little too far, but I hope you get the point. This place is really good... really, really good. Make reservations, wear that sexy black dress you've been saving for a special occasion, and eat some of the best food you can find in the bay area.
Let me paint this picture for you... Its a Saturday afternoon, you decide at last minute to rally a few people to go to dinner and think Kokkari. Nothing is available until 10pm which is on the late side for me but what the hell, its always such an amazing experience every time I go. We were sat in the corner banquette facing the restaurant, medium crowd, excellent service. Basically ordered the entire appetizer menu to start. My favorite though is the watermelon & feta, crispy smelt (SUPER YUMMY!) and the saghanaki! Paired that up with an old world Greek red. Then made our way into the dish that is NOT on the menu...the goat stew. Let me tell you this wonder combination of spit-fired goat, orzo, stewed tomatoes and feta is nothing but super goodness. I just sat and savored every bite. I even felt a bit selfish eating the last morsel and soaking up the tangy sauce with some pita bread. Then we finished up the evening with sampling the dessert menu. My favorite was the Galaktoboureko! ! that's all I am saying. Oh, almost forgot the shots of Ouzo to finish the night! Thanks again Kokkari!   Yiamas!
one of the BEST & this isn't even my favorite type of cuisine.FOOD: ~lamb shank's what everyone goes for. this is one of my friend's favorite dishes, so i knew i'd take him here for his birthday. that bone was eaten clean & he kept rolling his eyes in ecstasy.~grilled bass (catch of the day) was delicious, light, & flavorful.~calamari was excellent & uniquely prepared, stuffed w/feta & black olives. juicy.~pitka is a terrine of Berkshire Pig trotters & head, & i love trying exotic ingredients. server said this is one of his favorites, & i had to agree!!! if u love headcheese, u'll LOVE LOVE LOVE this.~galaktoboureko was a perfect ending for the meal, a dessert of custard in a phyllo wrapper & candied lemon w/ice cream.DECOR: warm & inviting, very cozy. the seats were so cushy.SERVICE: was EXCELLENT. our server was genuine & nice, really cool. i was blown away b/c i only mentioned it was a b-day dinner when i made the reservations 3 wks in advance & forgot that night to ask the waiter if they could do anything special w/dessert. yet i was super surprised when dessert came out w/a candle & "happy birthday" in frosting!!! i made a big deal thanking the waiter, & he played it off like "but of course!" BATHROOM: ok, i've found my FAVORITE bathroom ever. soooo cozy & warm, so cute, i want to spend a lot of time & read a book or something in there.OVERALL: really really awesome place, i can't say enuf good things! i can usu find something to criticize, but this place? forget about it. everything was TOP NOTCH.
Woww yummy for my tummy, yogart mint cucumber , yes, my mouth was watering, I had not been here in so long. This is definately a San Fracnisco staple , when it comes to restaurants, I remeber goin on a date here in my teen age years for the first time I enjoyed there delicious food.
Kokkari is fine Greek dining with warm Greek hospitality.  If you have the option, request the table near the fireplace when making your reservation. As most other reviewers have said, the lamb dishes are outstanding and the whole fish is excellent as well. We usually order multiple dishes and then share so we can get a taste of everything and the chef actually split our fish. Our only mistakes have been the saghanaki, which was greasy and just not that exciting, and the grilled octopus which wasn't as tender as it should have been.  Chewy octopus is not good. The wine list is pretty solid and compliments the menu well.  As I'm writing this review I'm thinking about a return visit!
OMG, there food is so Yummy! the Halibut melts in your mouth. The wine was excellent and the service was great, will be going back for more!
BOOOO!! Come on...... really??? Have you people ever had real Greek food before?? I am really upset because I took my husband and his Greek family there for his birthday. How embarrassing! They were all so mad at me for suggesting we go to this restaurant. It was about $25-$35 per plate and for that price with such SMALL portions, the food better be wonderful, and it was not. YUCK!!! My dessert tasted like tree bark!! Out of 8 people who were in our party not 1 was happy.
Last night I celebrated my birthday (It was a Big One) at kokkari and I cannot remember going to a better restaurant in Ca. In the past as this one, of coUrse it hElps to have Frank as your server as he was truly a wonderful guide..Yank Lee
The food here is amazing! Try anything with lamb and get an assortments of appetizers. Prices are high, but this is definitely one of the best restaurants in the city!
I went here for a birthday dinner and we all had a wonderful time. The look and feel of the interior alone is worth a visit - the lighting is Perfect,the seating is very comfortable, the colors used in the decor are soft on the eyes, it is just a really lovely place. The bar area was also very inviting.The food was delicious and the Greek wine was very very good (and reasonably priced).The staff I interacted with - the amazingly charming Chris who runs the front of the house and the highly professional (and also quite charming) Thomas who was our server - were exceptional.Next time you are headed to Frisson consider walking down to Kokkari instead!
Definitely a fan of this place. Solid wine list, authentic surroundings and delicious food. My favorite dishes were the wood oven roasted prawns, Octopus Salad, and the grilled Lamb Chops. In that exact order.
In spite of its popularity and long-livedness, this place never disappoints. I've been here four times over the years, and every time it is everything I told my guests it would be (unlike other places whose bloom seems to droop after they've become a top-rated destination). The quality is unparalelled, especially for greek food.My husband had the BEST steak of his life here; it is still the standard to which all other steaks must aspire. The simple grilled fish is to die for. But, really, you could live on the appetizers alone. Even our veggie friends were happy... Not just "oh, good, there's something vegetarian..." but "Wow! I want that and that and that... This is so fantastic!" Not to mention the outrageous desserts, or the wine list. My husband wanted to "surprise" our friends with a retsina, thinking they would be mystified by the odd flavor, but the one we had was very subtle and delightful.I will return, and I regularly recommend it to others.
Best restaurant in San Francisco, hands down.AMAZING FOOD - always a new experience every time.Excellent Wait Staff - very knowledgeable and accommodatingGreat wine selection - I highly recommend the Sigalas (a crisp, mineraly white wine from Santorini)Perfect atmosphere - rotisserie grilling in huge open fireplace oven, tons of people (it's always packed so make sure to get reservations!), great for a business or social purposeIf you haven't yet tried Kokkari, put it at the top of your list!
Very nice restaurant.Beware to book enough in advance; I reserved a table in the afternoon and nothing was avaiable before 9:30pm, even if the place is huge! You can still wait at the bar, but even that is crowded sometimes.Finally, we went there ahead of time and we got our table earlier...Went there with another person, and we had a very sweet table for two, seating on very comfy armchairs. Even if it's a bit noisy, the atmosphere is good and charming.Waiter service is fast enough and friendly.On the food side of things, I first ordered a glass of Rose wine. A bit expensive, but very good so that I didn't regret it. It didn't really match what I ordered after that, but anyway, that was my choice. :) The Greek olives and bread we had before the starters were wonderful.As appetizers, we shared some zucchini cakes that came along with cucumber salad and a yogurt sauce. Fresh, very tasty, this one is a must have! Second appetizer was a sort of pizza mainly made of greek olives, basil, caramelized onions and feta cheese, on a roasted pita bread with sprinkled rosemary. Very different from the other one, but still very good, generous and truly Mediterranean!Then, we ordered Moussaka and a roasted half chicken with Kokkari potatoes and onions. The latter one was very good and tasty, and again I retrieved that Mediterranean flavor I like very much.However, I have been a little disappointed by the Moussaka. Firstly, I didn't know that Cinnamon could be added to that dish (I'm not a great fan of Cinnamon). Secondly, even if it's doable, there were so much Cinnamon that all the other flavors (eggplant, lamb, sauce) were hidden behind that. That way I felt like having my dessert instead of my main course...We didn't ordered any dessert.To sum up, it's a quite expensive place, but the price / quality is very good so you won't regret it. I will definitely go back (avoiding the Moussaka...) and try the other appetizing entrees.
One of my favorite places in the city. Time after time I'm happy. Lamb shank is my favorite!
Got us a reservation the night before - for a romatic dinner out w/o kids. Loved the high back chairs, but we were sitting way to close to other tables and half the time I couldn't hear my husband talk. We had ordered crispy cakes(nice, like i make them at home 5 stars) and some fried fish - anchovies, smelt, and sardines... a few bones gave me a headache, overall with enough lemon over the fish we ate almost all of it (3 stars). I ordered Lamb Shank, my husband got Branzino - my shank was a bit dry and the orzo a bit salty (3 stars tops for that dish), my husband thought that Branzino needed more seasoning. We swaped our food and my husband really liked the shank, I, with enough lemon over the entire dish, actually enjoyed the fish (3.5 stars). At the end we got a dessert - the custard in filo with coconut icecream - great to share (5stars) Our server was the best - he came by often and always with a smile (5 stars). Overall a very good experience.
Oh my, the food was so good!! We had several vegetarian appetizers and all were delicious!!! I had a lemon drop and found it too strong for my taste.The atmosphere was fun, not stuffy at all. It's a good place for a special event or large group dinner or lunch.I needed to use the restroom and the waiter had to TAKE me there as it was tucked away in the basement. Maybe they should make a map.All in all, a wonderful place. i will be back!!
The best baklava I've ever had. Greek salad and makaronia were absolutely wonderful. Service was great, decor classy.
Coming from a Greek family, I am very critical of my Greek cuisine and Kokkari has never disappointed! My mouth still waters when I think of the feta stuffed grilled calamari I had almost a year ago! Everything on the menu lives up to my high Greek standards, along with the ambience and the staff. Can't wait to go back!
Kokkari is great! Ive been here a few times now...always got the same thing: the lamb shank! I shouldve tried the other dishes, but the lamb shank was so good i couldnt resist it...i just had to get it!For appetizers ive tried their calamari [was good altho wasnt too appealing -- looked like raw squids tossed with pureed squid belly], homemade grilled pita [superb! love whatever herb pastes they have], and roasted asparagus [was okay, wouldnt order it again tho].For entree, yeahh like i said, i always got their lamb shank...im pretty bias! Altho my friends had tried the salmon, halibut, and lamb chops...and they seemed pretty happy about'em...so i guess they were good as well.For desserts ive tried the baklava and kokkari sundae. The baklava was okay, ive had better someplace else...but the kokkari sundae was good! Its like any other sundae, but still it was good.All in all kokkari is one of my fave rest. in the city...and i highly recommend this place! I'm sorry to hear all the not-so-good experiences people might've had here, but ive never got any problems w/ their food or services...guess you should check it out for yourself!
Nothing short of spectacular!
Great food and atmosphere. I recommend any of the fish, the staff is very knowledgeable so dont be afraid to ask questions!The pricing is also more affordable that may seem, checkout the menu on their website. Enjoy!
Love the food, love the atmosphere, and love the ice cream sundae even more! Grilled octopus is awesome, steak was delicious, and the pork was great, too. Greek coffee was amazing and the home made ice cream sundae... well let's just say that I still dream about the sundae!
Not your typical Greek. Some of the best food we've had. Sweet and attentive service. Huge space that is packed and has a clean yet rustic look. We had the Greek salad- big pieces of cucumber, feta, and tomato in a red wine, oregano dressing. Lamb meatballs in a tomato yogurt sauce, which was to die for. Zucchini cakes w tzatziki that were the highlight of the meal. And the lamb skewers w lamb that was more tender than any we've ever had- melt in your mouth. Kokkari did more than live up to the hype- it was out of this world!
I kept hearing wonderful things about this restaurant so I went to Kokkari with my family and friends for my birthday and we had a great experience! The server, even though we were a large group with included gratuity, was extremely nice and patient and made excellent recommendations. Great drinks, great appetizers. Great meal!
This is definitely piling on, but I had a great meal here last night. Not a wonder that this place is totally full on a Monday.Our group of four was there for a birthday, and we shared a number of small plates and two entrees. We had the lamb riblets (amazing, tender, tasty, great meat), the meatballs (good, with a nice red sauce to accompany), the Pita and condiments plate (a great way to start the meail) the octopus app (I had never tried octopus before, but it was great. The seasoning was perfect and it was very tasty and tender for octopus), and the artichoke and egglant app (some of the best artichoke I have ever tried).The two entrees were the Mousaka, one of their house specialities, which is absolutely amazing. The nutmeg and ground lamb make this dish taste almost like a dessert rather than an entree. We also had the sea bass, which was cooked perfectly.The service was amazing - never a wait for a refill of water, wine, or for any food. The waiter was extremely courteous.OVerall, a fantastic experience.
Insanely good, easily in my top 10 city restaurants. Last time we were here, we had *three* orders of the taramosalata (cod roe spread). So good. And how the hell do they make their grilled pita so good? I've seriously never had anything that has remotely compared.Other food favorites here:  zucchini cakes, lamb ribblets, grilled whole fish (varies, but usually some delicious white fish), and the rotisserie (also various, but often an amazing cut of pork or lamb)Their wine list is also very nice, and the main reason I can't recall the exact fish or cut of meat they've had on the specials menuAnd talk about atmosphere... what an amazing space. The *only* downside to this place that I can think of (other than how hard it is to get it) is the fact that it takes like 5 minutes to get to the bathroom - all the way in back and down an elevator.
Mmmmm.I really enjoyed my meal. I enjoyed the atmosphere. I enjoyed the service. And oddly the people at the table next to ours.We ordered an array Mezethes that were utterly delectable. I had the petrale sole with braised greens. It was really wonderful. The pin bones removed would have made it fabulous, That's normally something that for some reason upsets my stomach when eating fish. It was so tasty I managed to eat it anyway. I had Yogurt sorbet with mint syrup for desert and I really loved it. It was incredibly simple and I think after all the complex flavours of dinner it was the perfect finale.I will eat here over an over until they close (gods forbid!)
We've eaten here a few times, and it never disappoints. The food is absolutely delicious. Every dish done to perfection. Our favorite is the rotisserie of the day. We brought our in-laws last night, and they were blown away. Always a good meal, and wonderful service. One of our favorite restaurants. Definitely on the top of our list!
Come prepared to spend an arm and part of your leg. I had the pork shank. It was nice and meaty. I didn't care for the puree that it was lying on. I tried my fat friend's lemon lamb chops. Its tasted like lemon but the meat was tender. The manatee just had a salad. Wuss. We also had multiple appetizers that I don't recall. I believe the hummus and yogurt dip was good with the pita. The desserts were also decent. The manatee loved the greek yogurt with honey and granola. She probably like it cuz it was organic. Wuss. Don't forget to drink the Ouzu!
There's a reason why it's so hard to get a reservation at this place. Delicious!!! Dinner here is a guaranteed WIN. Goat stew is awesome. Service was great too!
Unbelievably good...My husband found this place with an app on his iPhone while we were driving into town. Upon entering, and being warmly welcomed, we knew it was going to be a great night! Food: A+ Lamb chops, amazing - Moussaka, best we've ever had! Service was good - not too in-your-face with questions or interruptions... just let you have the evening to yourself.  The scene was great people watching too... :)
For a non squid lover, I really loved their grilled squid appetizer. It wasn't rubbery at all...on the contrary, it was very tender and the flavor was quite refreshing. My favorite is the lamb skewer.
This is a very fine Greek restaurant, albeit at relatively steep prices. Interesting interior, varied wine list and nice presentation of dishes. The grilled fish was splendid. For a Greek restaurant, the potatoes and the bread were disappointing but service is good - making this place a really good choice in an otherwise rather overlooked part of town.
My entire office came here recently for a co-worker's goodbye luncheon. I only hope that if I ever leave the company, I will be sent off with such a fine meal.The food is very, very good. The ambiance is spacious by SF standards, yet warm and inviting. The service was great. Per the norm with this type of cuisine, there were many veggie choices. Unfortunately, I got some kind of ravioli. What was I thinking?? I mean, it was good, but I had bites of others' meals and their choices were better. Obviously, this place does not specialize in pasta. But the things they do specialize in (pita, dips, etc.) are crazy tasty! My thumbs are aloft for you, Kokkari.
This place is heaven! I want to be laid to rest in a really large Kokkari moussaka. What better way to spend eternity than blanketed in creamy bechamel, lying on a bed of savory tender lamb and eggplant in a beautiful harmonic balance?This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The warm interior, friendly staff, and atmospheric fireplace make every meal here a little special.Definitely get some fresh feta as an appetizer, it's addictive. Personally, I have a hard time straying from the moussaka as an entree--it comes in a tiny little crock, and you may think it's a little small when it's placed in front of y ou, but it is so rich and delicious that your tummy will be very happy with this size. This is a favorite gathering spot for some of my oldesf friends in the city once or twice a year, when we toast the future and relive the past, all between bites of Greek deliciousness.
I've been here twice for a work function. (one end of year Christmas time in the group dining area, and once near the kitchen area at a long table) The food is appealing to the eye, fresh and plentiful in terms of group family-style dining. The service was good with water and wine refills. I would definitely come back here again for a group dinner.
absolutely GREAT atmosphere. i love the whole "mission dolores/adobe yet modern" feeling of the place. the food is phenomenal. while the food was a little expensive, you totally get what you pay for; the serving size was HUGE. ie. my friend order the steak and it was the size of her face! on the other hand, the desert is to-die for. i think it is their dessert that really sold me- their homemade ice cream is a must as well as the galaktoboureko- custard pastry rolls with, of course, ice cream. i need to find an excuse to come here again!
Starters-Aginares Souvlaki - grilled artichokes & eggplant skewers with Greek yogurt ~ The artichokes were perfectly done soft and tenderOctopodaki tou Yiorgou - grilled octopus with lemon, oregano, & olive oil - a bit on the chewy side but really flavorfulEntreeArnisia Paidakia - grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & Kokkari potatoes - Delicious!! Wonderfully preparedDessertsTarta me MilaRosemary poached apple tart with manouri cheese & walnut ice cream - Very good could have been a bit warmerKokkari Sundae Chocolate & vanilla ice cream with hot fudge, whipped cream & toasted hazelnuts - I thought this was too boring to order but I tried a bite and it was sensational!!
Seriously, the best food in San Francisco. I wish I could eat here every day. It is cozy and romantic for dinner, but also works for a casual but delicious lunch. The staff is also top notch.
This was an awesome greek restaurant and a meal I will be raving about for a while. First of all- our service was fantastic. We started off with a few appetizers: the octopus, the tzatki, the dolmades, and the crispy zucchini cakes. Everything was amazing. For dinner I had one of the fish specials which roasted and came with olives and potatoes. It was someone's birthday whom I was with so they brought out a few complimentary desserts which were GREAT. The yogurt and honey is more of a breakfast Greek dish but was good for dessert too. If you can sit by the fireplace and it will make your night pefect! Great place-
fantastic lamb. Actually every dish was fanstastic. You won't be disappointed if you eat here. Great service too.
I asked the waiter what was best and he steered me toward their lamb chops. I found them to be very good but not worthy of a five star rating. However the ice cream with flakes of baklava was one the the best things I have ever had. The other people in my group also though the food was very good but short of outstanding. The service, however, was outstanding.
Kokkari has very nice ambience and the staff are prompt and polite, but they serve below average Greek food at best. The Greek salad was okay, but the octopus appetizer was lame, and the saganaki was much too salty and soaked in grease...it was obviously pan-fried rather than lit ablaze with brandy and with an accompanying "Opa!" My wife's fish was very average as well. Definitely not authentic Greek food, but a romantic place I guess you could say. If you think this is good Greek food, you haven't been to Greek Town in Chicago!
I love this place. Every dish made me say oooh, yum!
Oh snap. What happened? I totally wanted to love this place. Gorgeous interior, beautiful bar, nice ambiance, GREAT reviews. [sigh].Well the starters were really quite incredible, we should have gotten more! At the server's request I ordered the rotisserie of the day which happened to be duck. Unfortunately I was totally let down. The flavor was hit and miss (sometimes I could taste all of the spices and herbs and at was pretty good, others...not so much). To top it off it was really umm...dry? I find it really odd that they managed to make a bird as fatty as a duck so dry. Can't win 'em all. Maybe it was an off night? I think I'll venture back after some time and try something else.
holymotherofgod is this place good! I probably have been here about a dozen times and the whole experience is always so fantastic. Took the wifey here for a lunch date this week (she had never been) and she tends to be hyper critical of upper priced restaurants and she most definately will come back. I certainly will be continuing to come here over and over as I can (usually on an expense account for lunch, yay!)
Kokkari is often crowded on the weekends, so make sure you are not in a hurry, or make an early reservation. The bar is a great place to hang out with a maritini while waiting for your table.The food here is divine. The small plates, or mezethes, are the best part of the menu. My faves include the gigantes, pantzaria, taramousalta, and these precious bite-sized meatballs that everyone at your table will fight over. The Greek coffee, and I advise against calling it Turkish coffee, is the perfect way to cap off a great meal.Yummy yummy!
good food, good ambiance. u pay for it though. my recommendation is the smelt (anchovies), greek salad and lamb. out of sight. load up on bread to since u r off the diet
Outstanding from the word go. Great atmosphere. Excellent service. Outstanding food. Yes, it's typically San Francisco priced but you walk away feeling you got your monies worth. I've been several times and look forward to returning. And how many restaurants have you been to where you have to use an elevator to go to the restroom? We were there on a Friday during the bicycle mass ride. We did not need to see the nude rider with all of his diminished splendor but we quickly forgot after the first drink. I want to try their sister eatery on the peninsula next.
I really enjoyed this restaurant. I took my greek friend here because we have been talking about splurging and eating a big dinner here for a long time. Well we definitely splurged (see our menu and comments below). Atmosphere was fantastic - very romantic and charming, food was unbelievable, wine was terrific. Only thing that I didn't like was that the waiter, even after we explained that we are very very familiar with greek food, still tried to dumb everything down for us and explain "in american terms" what all the dishes were. Oh well, I guess that's a good thing for people who don't eat greek food all the time.Here's a run-down of what we ordered. We had our dinner "Greek style" meaning we stayed for 3.5 hours and slowly ate our shared dishes and had good conversation. None of this american eat-as-fast-as-you-can-and-bolt type of thing...*Saganaki - mmm fried cheese with olive oil and lemon. Quickest way to my heart is wine and melted cheese. So good. Have had it a bit more stringy at other places - this was more crisp but still very good.*Tzaziki - pretty basic and common greek dip, but Kokkari uses real greek yogurt so it was very thick and the fresh dill made it even better*Tirosalata - One of my favorite greek salatas made with poblano chiles and feta cheese. Not spicy at all but has a great flavor from the chiles.*Melitzanosalata - thick/chunky eggplant and tomato "dip" - went well with the grilled pita bread, but liked the other salatas better*Kokoretsi - lamb organ meats... yum! But seriously, it was very good and was just like regular lamb meat, maybe a bit more of a lamb-y flavor to it. If you love lamb like I do, you'll love this. Potatoes were good dipped in our leftover tsaziki so make sure they don't clear away any plates that still have food on them until after you're done.*Katsikaki Yuvetsi - goat stew. Very, very, very good. Had that definite "greek flavor" with spices like cinnamon and cloves. Leftovers of this dish were even amazing cold the next day ... sign of a good dish to me
Overall my experience at Kokkari went well. I went there for a quick lunch with some friends, but I was on a tight schedule. They were able to seat us rather quickly (without reservations and with a pleasant attitude) and had our food ready in no time flat. I was able to get back to work within an hour and a half (with travel time).The main issue I had dealt with our service: Our waitress was confused. . . really, really confused. . . she took forever to get us water, and kept messing up our drink orders. She then took away our drinks while we were still drinking them, and plates that we needed to use. . .Overall, it was a nice dining experience.
This is my favorite place of all of San Francisco! Try their lamb - it's awesome. I just wish it was a little cheaper so I could come here more often.
I really really wish I could have given this place five stars. i was really really looking forward to a lunch here to catch up with an old college friend. we didn't make reservations, and when we arrived all the seats were taken. However. we were able to be seated at the bar, which is actually a better seating arrangement in this restaurant. The bar is set higher, and at the end of the restaurant, so you can survey the patrons and look out the window with no obstruction. the place is gorgeous, exposed wood beam and very rustic. The waitstaff was attentive witout being overbearing, and everything came out at the right moment, not rushed, and not too slow. We started with three appetizers, the zuchinni cakes, the fried smelt and the rosted octopus salad. the zuchini cakes were pretty doughy, whith left a weird texture in my mouth. the flavors were good, especially with the bits of goat cheese wrapped in the cakes. but again, the texture was slightly off. The fried dmelts were delicious, the first 5 or so. This appetizer is WAY too big in terms of portion, so by the time I got to the 10th smelt... I was all smelted out. The potato garlic cream they have as dip for this was divine... again, for the first 10 mins. The grilled octopus was done pretty well. It was not overcooked so the meat was still tender. it was drizzlled with good olive oil, so you can taste the grassiness of the oil. We then shared a chicken kabob dish... great flavors, but the chicked was overcooked to the point of dry... which required liberal application of the mint yogurt sauce. so... GREAT atmosphere, good waitstaff... meh on the food
I loved Kokkari!! My company all came here with a huge group for our Holiday Party. We had a pre-planned lunch including Belly Dancer. They started us with Spanakopita and then zucchini cakes which were soooo good. I had some vegetarian ravioli and sauteed greens which were also great. Everyone loved the food, and I'd like to go here again on my own to try some other dishes from the regular menu. The Belly Dancer was supposed to come earlier in the meal but she showed up around the time we were having dessert. I think it was better this way because everyone was drunk enough to get up and dance around the table with her. Much better than if she'd come when we were just getting started. Overall this place is awesome, I mean what can you really say about a restaurant where you take the elevator to the bathroom? I mean really. Finally, I'd have to say that the service was the best part; impeccable!Thanks Kokkari!
As I am a huge lover of anything greek, I was excited to try this place. On a Tuesday night at around 9:45 pm this place was packed, and it is a fairly large restaurant which goes to show how great it is. The atmosphere was very inviting and made me feel almost at home. Started off with the bread basket which was served with this olive oil that was the best olive oil I have ever had, thankfully they sell the bottles there so I ended up getting one. For the appetizer we had the zucchini cakes served with a yogurt sauce, sadly their were only two of them because I could have eaten twenty. Then for the main course, obviously I ordered the lamb with potatoes and the flavors couldn't have been more dynamic. The meat was cooked perfectly and I couldn't have been happier. For dessert we had a chocolate souffle which was rich in a good way, and an assortment of greek cookies which were fun because they were so mini sized. If you haven't eaten here, go now.
My favorite book, and the finest rose I've ever had...and bartender Fatah pointed me towards an artichoke dish that I'll always remember. Made me feel like my adopted City is glad I'm here.
holy cow this place is amazing! i am a vegetarian and picked this restaurant for my birthday dinner. i heard they specialize in lamb but that they had plenty of vegi options. i thought everything was so delicious. even though the majority of the menu is not vegetarian, what they do have they do wonderfully. i have been craving it ever since and cant wait to come back. try the fava beens and the greek yogourt. the service was also wonderful. our waiter was very attentive and made great suggestions.
All I can think of is taking a nap, having just come back from a great lunch at Kokkari, but alas, the large panes of glass separating my office from the rest of the workplace might make that a tad unwise. So I'll write about eating a good meal.Three of us shared the "pita with choices of three dips" appatizer. Sort of dangerous because you tend to load up a little too much before the main course. The dips had really difficult names to pronounce, much less remember, but the best was a spicy feta concoction, while another creamy one with cod in it (i think) was not my thing. The eggplanty one was good too.I had the moussaka for the main course, great, very filling. The others had tuna and lamb souvlaki, which both looked good. I finished with the special coffee that is prepared in hot sand. I didnt (and don't) quite understand, even after it was explained to me, but I was assured I would not be biting down into a sandy cup of grit when drinking it. In any event, it was good; nothing like the coffee I regularly drink. Probably not worth the five bucks (to me), but when do I get a chance to drink hot-sand-brewed beverages (I ask rhetorically). Not often (I answer, thus negating the rhetorical quality of the previous sentence.)Okay, its clear I need to go find a place to take a snooze.P.S. our waitperson was excellent, friendly, knowledgable; the room is very comfortable, not overly noisy (maybe because we were in a booth toward the back).
Fabulous restaurant! I had a business dinner here and fell in love with the food. Wow. The atmosphere is impeccable. I felt miles away from San Francisco. Hard woods, stone, fireplace. Wow. Appetizers included octopus and lamb. Delicious! I'm not a fan of lamb, but the appetizer was incredible. For the dinner entree, I ordered the fish of the day. I requested that the waiter surprise me on how the fish is prepared. It came back light and with a side of greens. Oh my god...out of this world. I also had a few bites of the flourless chocolate cake....heavenly!!!! I hope to dine here again when in town. Highly recommend!
Stepped in without a reservation on a Saturday night at 7pm. Restaurant was packed. Maitre d' informed us that we would have to wait for a cancellation or no show to be seated. My party was seated by 7:30. We shared 4 appetizers. First was the Kalamata Pita - absolutely delicious. Second was the Garides sto Furno - had an unpleasant taste that neither my friend nor I enjoyed. Third was the Kokkari Salata - super tasty. Lastly we had the Aginares Souvlaki - just lovely. Staff was very courteous and friendly. Nice ambiance. Will definitely return with a reservation next time.
This is my favorite Greek restaurant of all time. The flavors are incredible. The service is so friendly and down-to-earth. The atmosphere is very warm and cozy. I almost feel like I am in an ancient tavern if you sit in the fireplace room. But then there's the bar. I love the bar. It's so beautiful. You aren't in a tavern anymore. You are in the City. Mmmm, lots of ouzo. So good. It's hard to get to the bathroom though, after you've had lots of ouzo. ;-)
Probably doesn't need another 5 star review, but here is one anyway. Fantastic atmosphere, awesome waiter, delicious food. Shared the grilled octopus and the seared cheese I can't pronounce and both were great. Not an octopus connoisseur but this was the best I have had. Lady friend had the whole branzini (? Mediterranean seabass) and I had the grilled lamb chops. Both were phenomenal. Our fantastic waiter gave us a complementary yogurt desert since we had just arrived in town from LA (Lower Arkansas) and my girlfriend devoured it to the point I almost didn't get a bite. Would absolutely return and would eat here often if I lived in San Fran.
one of my favorite restaurants in the city. definitely the best greek restaurant! it's a great spot to have a working lunch as well as going for a date or special occasion. it's rare for me to go back to a restaurant once i've tried it (because i want to try them all, so i can write more yelp reviews -- ha, j/k, kinda) but kokkari just keeps me coming back for more.what can i add that hasn't already been said... i'll just list some of my favorite dishes here:zucchini cakes, moussaka, saghanaki (fried cheese), moussaka, avgolemono (traditional egg-lemon soup), moussaka, and katsikaki yuvetsi (stewed goat with orzo). (yes i did look up the names on the website) one last thing... moussaka!!
I've loved everything I've tried here. Can't wait to come back for the goat stew...
Freakin AWESOME food!!! Very busy restaurant! Very lively! I strongly recommend bringing a total freak with you, like we did. Someone that will order all the bizarre things on the menu that you would normally NEVER order. The fries with eyes are awesome! (sorry, that's "fried smelt" for the non-foodies) The headcheese was actually even....well, ok , no it wasn't. But, it was an experience. My lamb was frickin amazing! The waiter, I guess, messed up somewhere along the way, and brought the wrong bottle of wine. But, the manager caught it, fixed it, and gave us BOTH bottles for free! WHAT?? Thank you please may I have another? We were a party of 4. All industry people. And we had a BLAST!!!! I STRONGLY recommend this restaurant!
Kokkari kicks ass. I believe this is the first SF restaurant I gave five stars and it is well deserved. Everything here is excellent and the best Greek restaurant I've been to in the U.S.The olives are awesome, the lamp chops make me want to take the whole roast in their open fire home, the lamb shanks are on par with any top restaurant, the fish is tasty, the spreads are delicious,... very impressed.
Fried Cheese Anyone?In my best Homer "MMMmmmmmmm... Greek food." I went here for dinner for the first time with my girlfriend as we were looking for a change in the restaurant horizon. A classy place with great food and service.Atmosphere  | A great place to take a date, low light, dark earth tones, high ceilings, restaurant chatter as every table was filledService       | The service was great, but our waiter forgot about us and we had to wait to order (we were seated right behind the hostess table)Food         | Everything ordered was deliciousPrice         | $$, but could easily be more with drinks / wineRecommend | Definitely a yes
This is where the account director from my agency decided to host our Christmas feast last Monday. Because it was a large group, we had family style service, including a selection of a house red or white wine. I don't know why, but for some reason I was underwhelmed. I haven't decided if it is because my ex is Greek and I'm too used to his mother's Greek cooking, or if it's because I was not really in the mood for a heavy lunch so early in the week. Either way, I was not into the food.
Not only is the Food & Service fantastic! The story behind the name Kokkari is very interesting as well so next time you eat there pay attention to the story on top of the menu.I've tried most of the items on the menu including appetizers and deserts and I haven't had a single item that I was disappointed with. If it's your first time you must try the Lamb Chops! Also, the Grilled Calamari w/stuffed fennel cheese is delicious and the greek salad is very fresh.
OMG, simply, SO GOOD! Fortunately, Kokkari is right by my work so I finally had a chance to go here for a lunch meeting. We all shared the head cheese dish and the pita bread with the 3 different spreads. And for my entree, i ordered the moussaka. I can't say that any of those dishes we at all disapointing. The service was great and we got to watch them put whole lamb in the fireplace. I already have plans to go back with some friends. Highly recommended by me.
Really good Greek food at Kokkari. Last time I went was for lunch and I had the lamb souvlaki which was really good. Can't go wrong with lamb and tzatziki. It was so filling though that I didn't have room for dessert.july 2007 update:came back to kokkari for a dinner party. i picked it but it didn't quite occur to me that not everyone might not be into lamb, but luckily our entire table was! yay!we started off with some spanakotiropita (filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill) and those were fab. then each of us picked out an additional mezethes (greek small plates): kolokithokeftethes (crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing), dolmathes (grape leaves stuffed with rice, currants & pine nuts), and soutzoukakia (grilled meatballs with tomato & green olive compote). and this was all before we even looked at the main course portion of the menu.we also opened a bottle of a red and a white. i kinda remember what the red was, but i didn't taste it so i don't have much to say about it. but i ordered the white for the table and it was surprising. it was a '94 gewurtz from the cellar. and at cellar temperature, it was crazy strong. deep marigold color and the bouquet reminded me of a sweet brandy or something. weird that they didn't say it was probably a little intense for a dinner wine, but it still worked.then our server went into his spiel about the menu and we all decided on either the lamb chops or the lamb shank. i went with the lamb shank with myzithra, but instead of the orzo that came with it, i requested kokkari potatoes instead. the meat literally fell off the bone and melted in my mouth. the potatoes were good but a bit much as i was pretty stuffed at that point.we followed that with some dessert for everyone. i was originally going to go with the walnut & honey baklava, but our server described the day's special and i went for that instead. it was a trio of stone fruit sorbets (very popular these days): nectarine, either apricot or peach, and plum. two were excellent and one wasn't so excellent. couldn't actually tell which was which as my tongue was quite fatigued at that point.
I just ate by myself at the bar, so I really have no comments on the service, although the bartender was polite and unintrusive. So my review is really based solely on the appetizers I got, which were delicious and simple in their preparation. Grilled octopus was tender, well seasoned with lemon and herbs, and perfectly biteable, not at all chewy. The appetizer size was enough just for me! I would not want to split it. Also had the avgolemono soup, which was good, but for $8, I can make a huge pot of it that tastes exactly the same at home for the cost of a rotisserie chicken and a big can of chicken broth. Finally, the lamb riblet appetizer was like the anti McRib--nine tiny rib bones laden with thick, juicy, tender pieces of lamb meat glistening in a simple herb and olive oil marinade. I meant to try the moussaka, but I wasn't feeling a heavy casserole dish, so I'll have to try it some other time. Pleasant atmosphere, especially by the fireplace.
Kokkari is a huge, beautiful, rustic looking restaurant. It's so huge that the hostess insisted she walk me across the entire restaurant to where the elevator was so I could take it down to the restroom. We started with the Kolokithokeftethes (crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing) and the Aginares Souvlaki (grilled artichokes & eggplant skewer with greek yogurt). Two thick zucchini cakes that tasted lovely on their own without the mint-yogurt dressing. One skewer grilled to perfection demolished in about 30 seconds and had us saying, "Winner winner chicken dinner."For the main course I had to try the Arnisia Paidakia (grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette & kokkari potatoes $31) which is supposedly one of the more popular dishes. Boyfriend had the Kotopoulo Souvlas (lemon-oregano chicken with roasted onions & kokkari potatoes). The Galaktoboureko (semolina custard in filo with apricot spoon sweet & pistachio ice cream $8) was the only thing on the menu that I even attempted to pronounce and wound up being our favorite thing that night. When we broke into that Greek eggroll-looking dessert and tasted the semolina custard we both looked at each other and said simultaneously, "That is so damn good!" You know it's good when you take a bite of something, your mouth is full, but you keep making jabs in the air with the utensil in hand. Before the dessert came out my boyfriend said he couldn't eat anymore because he was stuffed, but why did he end up eating the majority of MY dessert? What a lying heffer.Alhough our waiter never brought me my iced tea and service was just okay. There's that unique something that makes Kokkari such a remarkable restaurant that makes you want to bring all your friends and family to. A winner every time.
I wanted to try this place after having gone to their sister restaurant (Evvia) in Palo Alto several times, and Kokkari definitely was closely related. The atmosphere is more romantic than the Palo Alto restaurant, and the menu is slightly different. Their pita bread is quite tasty because it's housemade, and it comes warm out of the oven. And when you dip it in some taramosalata or tzatziki...oh man.If you're going with one other person, I would suggest sharing one entree and a couple of their appetizers because there's such a great variety to choose from. And then of course getting the galaktoboureko (fillo dough sweetness topped with even more sweet) for dessert!
Great food and great ambience. Love its appetizers and flavorful lamb.
We came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. Our waiter was very informative and helped us through the menu (even thought I'm sure we could have figured it out ourselves!). He told us their specialties were lamb and octopus. We tried both and were happy that we did. I ordered the T-bone pork. Half of it was a bit dry and the other half (the fatty half) was great! Also the vegetables that came with the dish were yummy! I heard that the rib-eye here was very good here, but I didn't try it. Maybe next time.OK, so this is a continuation of my bathroom adventures. Why must the road to the bathrooms in these restaurants be so complicated?Anyways, you go down the hall all the way at the end of the restaurant, expecting to find a bathroom, but instead, you find an elevator. I would have turned around and walked back to look for the bathroom else where, but luckily someone told me the bathroom was downstairs. So after taking the elevator down one floor and some nice / awkward conversation, you turn left for the women's bathroom and right for the men's bathroom.I have to say, the bathrooms are swanky. They are all dimly lit and romantic. They got nice, thick hand towels. And there's a lamp in the private stalls so you can read while taking care of your business.
The first time that I went to Kokkari was with a close friend and several of her friends about 4 or 5 years ago. Since, I've had the chance to eat there twice and it has gotten even better each time. The food is delicious. Although each time that I've come and even recently. They were able to get me in alone or with guest immediately. The service and food are both very, very good.
wow. this place was packed by the time we left, on a tuesday night! crazy! how come no one ever talks about it? great food, great service for the most part.my one complaint is that despite having an early reservation i got the worst seat in the house - catty-corner on a two-top with my chair sticking out on the floor next to a service area. don't you think that the first people to show up should get the best seats? or at least not the worst seats. maybe it's because i was underdressed (arty t-shirt, slacks, nice shoes in room full of button down bros and old people. it's a pretty old crowd, which might also be why no one talks about it)but in any case, really tasty. fantastic lamb shank, falling off the bone but not totally lacking integrity, grilled octopus, peach salad with cucumbers, delicious.
Five stars for the best use of wood throughout the restaurant. High ceilings with exposed wood beams. Wood tables with high-back chairs and benches with pillows. Tall wood-framed window panes and an open fireplace large enough to roast a pig (guess how I measured...the pig was on a rotisserie).This is a common pick for our business lunches and I've successfully navigated the menu of words I cannot pronounce. The servers are discrete and patient to pronounce and re-describe. Every appetizer is fantastic, and in combination, makes a perfect meal. Be sure to order the 3-dip and pita bread (WOW). Today our waiter took us back to make our own fire-roasted coffee. Groups: 6-8 can sit comfortably in the main dining rooms, the back room closes off with tall glass-and-wood french doors and the lower level is a private room for 10.
I can't express enough of my love for this place! From the baked feta to the grilled octopus and the lamb chops. I can go on and on. Everything is just perfect. I love the ambiance, especially during the holidays. Great date place!
I love Greek food, but boy, I don't love paying for Kokkari. What's a girl to do? Well, me and Richa, we go down to Kokkari and order ourselves up a bunch of appetizers. Super good Greek food on the sly. My recommendation? Get the gigantes. And me, I'm only 1/4 Greek, which isn't enough to appreciate authentic al dente gigantes, so I order them overdone. You know, soggy, like the Italians don't like their pasta. mmmmm
zucchini cakes are SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good. i was expecting something like carls jr. the last of which i had like 8 years ago but this was so so so so much better. you must get these, even if you dont order an appetizer usually. be fat and order!the spanakotiropitas were proper in form and flavor. heirloom tomato salad -the big tomatoes and feta cheese were scrumptious oh my! lamb souvlaki- i accidentally ordered this. i really wanted the chops, but iwas retarded and thought i spoke greek without realized that souvlaki is not a chop. nevertheless, it was very tasty wtih good pita and tzaziki sauce.halibut-absolutely the best restaurant prepared halibut i have ever had. no detectable fish flavor= fresh, well seasoned, not overly salty.fig tart dessert- i wanted to be diabetic i said when i ordered this.this was very sweet enough for 3ppl maybe 4 since it comes with ice cream.this restaurant was awesomeness.come around 11am since the place started to fill up by 1130 (friday)
This place is great to go to with friends or with clients. The food is good and the service is great. I usually order the ravioli with butternut squash and it is fantastic every time! We also ordered the kalamata pita as the appetizer, which I HIGHLY recommend. The service was exceptional and I intend on bringing people there.
We went here as a late Valentine's Day Dinner. The food was excellent. We ordered the Pantzaria (roasted beets), kalamari, Arnisia Paidakia (lamp chops), Mosharisia Brizola (rib eye), and Galaktoboureko (desert). The beets were perfect and the kalamari stuffed with feta was savory. The lamb chops were grilled perfect and the rib eye was extremely large (flinestone like). The desert was a highlight which was filo dough stuffed with custard. They kinda looked like egg rolls. The service was excellent and quick. There is a large variety of wines but only a few Greek wines sold by the glass.
We had reservations and still had a long wait, but it was well worth it! Our party ordered octopus, lamb, chicken and a lot of appetizers.The food was perfect, the wait was... ehh... Mind you I was wearing heels, with no where to sit down!!  :OCant wait to go to Evvia!
Just finished a long lunch here. Since I can barely move, thought I'd yelp it.Great place for a business lunch. Everything is pretty good. A couple jaw-droppers. The fried cheese appetizer is amazing. The chocolate cake dessert was drooled over. All entrees are solid. Ive had the Moussaka, the Souvlaki and the short ribs over orzo. All are good but pretty heavy.The greek coffee is great - kinda like drinking very flavorful mud. A great option and not far from the financial dist . Greek food is somewhat under-represented in the city. Maybe everyone just knows Kokkari got it spot-on.
I had an interesting experience here. My mom and my grandma were visiting me from out of town so we came here for a nice dinner. I've never gone out to eat in the city with a 50 year-old woman and a 79 year-old woman, and let me tell you that most restaurants in this young city are not kind to older people. Pesce was the exception.I'll start with our service. Our waiter was some shouted at my grandma for the first half of our service then completely ignored her and addressed all questions to me when she looked confused (her hearing is fine; she couldn't figure out why this man was treating her like a 4 year-old). She asked for butter for her bread several times and never got it. I had planned on ordering a glass or two of wine and put in the order with the rest of our food. By the time our entrees arrived I had to cancel it because it still had not come. Unfortunately, our waiter refused to make eye contact with us because he was too busy schmoozing with the table next to us; they ordered bottles of wine. It took me a good 20 minutes to get his attention to cancel my drink. To his credit, he gave us free dessert in an effort to make up for this but I wasn't happy about washing down my lamb chop with a glass of water. The rest of the staff was fantastic though, and ended up attempting to pick up the slack. Onto the food...fantastic! The food is the reason I'm giving it 4 stars. When I come back, which I will do in spite of the horrible service, I will probably order all appetizers (Sorry Kristen, for not listening to you and just doing that in the first place!). We had incredible duck dolmathes, roasted butternut squash, and zucchini cakes. We split an a lamb chop special for our entree, which probably also contributed to our waiter's attitude. We ordered it cooked medium to medium-well for my mom and grandma and it came medium-rare (which I was happy about). Our [free] desserts were also delicious!There were a few more things that happened but I should stop complaining because we left full and satisfied but with a bad taste in our mouth (metaphorically, not literally). I'll come back without the old ladies and try again because I hate to think that a place that serves food that amazing can really deliver such an awful customer experience.
Gorgeous restaurant that was the perfect setting for my new gf and I on 'date night in San Francisco'. As romantic as the very thought sounds, Kokkari magnified the imager by serving rich dishes, nectarous wine, and classy service in an engaging atmosphere. Highly recommended if you want to make a great initial impression in a comfortable, sincere setting.
At around 2:30 in the afternoon, I decided to sneak out of the office for a solo lunch at Kokkari. I sat at the bar and had a delicious bowl of the avgolemono soup that I thoroughly enjoyed. I was sitting alone at the end of the bar near a table at which the manager was sitting having a meeting with another employee. When I finished my soup and asked for the check, I was told that it was "taken care of." The manager said he felt that his meeting intruded on my quiet lunch and, to apologize, my lunch was on the house. How nice is that?!? I was so caught off guard by the graciousness of the gesture that I was halfway down the block before I realized that I should have tipped my server, even though I wasn't charged. So, if you're reading this Kokkari management, rest assured that I will be back again and will tip generously next time. Thank you again for the great food and fantastic service!
I thought the entrees would be better for the price. My whole fish (sole with braised greens) and my friend's chicken weren't at all memorable. The olives and the soft, soft pita bread with three delicious spreads were the best part of the meal. The feta-stuffed calamari was tasty, too. I could have happily shared a bunch of appetizers and then had a salad. If the menu has twice as many appetizers as entrees, perhaps that's a hint. But the service is excellent, the wine list is extensive, and the atmosphere is warm and cozy. You know the portions are big if my marathon-running husband leaves full. I don't recommend the large, square table in front of the fireplace. It's too wide to be able to hear each other across it, and the couches on two sides sit you a touch too low. Also, animal-lovers beware: There's a lamb roasting on a spit in the fireplace.
Super yummy Greek food! I love the warm ambiance here, this place is great for a date or to catch up with friends. Excellent baklava!
Amazing food & wine! Great service, love the ambiance too!
Kokkari is one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco - the food is excellent, you can eat your favorites (lamb chops, moussaka, the baked fish) over and over again and still love them. The table service is impeccable, and it is very much nice but laid back. Kokkari works equally well for a weeknight we-need-a-break dinner in your work clothes and for a fancy dinner without it being stuffy.
Had lunch here just this past friday with a co-worker and my boss...the food and the service were excellent. Yes, its a bit pricey but sooo worth it. Oh, and make sure you try the Greek coffee!
This is a top notch restaurant. Period !!Pros:- Great fresh tasting food. Not authentic greek but it still works- Great dessert. I think we had something chocolate and it was divine- Ambience - very nice, be it with a friend, a date, a spouse or for a business meeting. There is a table by the fireplace with sofas, which helps dress down the place if you will yet keeping it elegant. The bar looked nice as well.- Service - very attentive although we had a minor glitch- Good wine listCons:- One of the bus boys kept coming back every 2 minutes to see if my friend and I were done with our meal when we were clearly not finished and having a leisurely meal. We finally decided to mention this to our server who informed us that the individual was new and offered us free dessert. Even though we didn't want any, he insisted that we try it and wouldn't be disappointed - we weren't. Bottom line: Fantastic restaurant from every aspect !!
One of the best restaurants in the city whether you come in for appetizers and wine, lunch or dinner. The restaurant is warm and beautiful. Food is fresh and delicious!
I came here for lunch the other day and it was really tasty. I loved the dip plate... mmmm. hummus! :)
The food is delicious and it's a great space. I highly recommend getting a bunch of the appetizers/small plates; all the ones we tried were fantastic. I only knock off a star because, as some of the other reviewers have suggested, I do think it's insanely expensive. But it's a really great dining experience, with delicious (though very meat-based) food.
My favorite place to go! I love the atmosphere the food the staff and the food! lol. I like to grab a cocktail and order a few apps with friends and catch up. I have not had a dish that I didn't love here. Must try the octopus salad! yum!UPDATE: I had my anual birthday dinner here- little celeb gossip for ya- Vince Vaughn was in the house this evening! looking good!!
the grilled pita bread was sooo good! make reservations! we had ressies but saw a few diners try to get in but were denied because kokkkari was filled! so yummy...the service was great!
Kokkari is where I go when folks offer to take me for dinner on my birthday. :)Excellent Greek food, excellent service.It's one of my favourite restaurants in San Francisco for birthdays and other special occasions.
One of the reasons why I love my low-life job is that I get to pick where we eat for our holiday luncheons. It's a good and bad thing because there are so many picky eaters. You've got the vegetarians, the ones who don't eat red meat, don't eat raw fish, you name it. I chose this place because the vegetarian had mentioned it so I knew it would be decent. They were able to accommodate our party of 20 at the chef's table. It's a great place for group events, however, I booked too late to get a private room so it was still a bit noisy. Since we had a large party, we had to book off a set menu and it was family style. Originally I asked people in my group what they wanted to eat, after getting 20 different answers, I had to pick them myself. Luckily, they have something for everyone's tastebuds here. We ate salad, zucchini cakes, potatos, kale, chicken and fish as main courses, and baklava and flourless chocolate cake for dessert. The zucchini cakes were delicious - it's vegetarian, but tastes like crab cakes so it was good for everyone. The chicken and fish were ok - I am a red meat eater, but had to go with the chicken to please the non-meat eaters. If I were to choose again, I think I'd rather go with lamb or something. Chicken is just chicken. The fish was sea bass which wasn't bad.  The baklava with ice cream was my favorite, but the flourless cake was really too sweet for me. It was very dense. Some people might like that, but I couldn't eat it. I saw one of my coworkers getting upset when nobody was eating their cake, so I knew he'd eat all the rest of them. After all, I ordered the cake for him originally.I really liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. It's very classy, yet comfortable. The service was exceptional and they kept our glasses full and they were prepared for our large group. We never had to wait for any food to come, they just waited patiently for us to finish. Since it was for the holidays and we had a gift exchange, they even helped us out with that by putting all our gifts aside and giving a bowl for numbers. I'd definitely come back here.
Dinner was quite expensive. So this is a special occassion restaurant, unless you make over $130,000 I suppose.We started with grilled octopus. It was nothing special... just seemed like grilled octopus dipped in olive oil.People said that the lamb chops are excellent, and as one who loves lamb, I had to have it. The lamb chops came as three chops. The first one was just OK. I gave a bite to my girlfriend, who said it was great. She doesn't like lamb because she doesn't like the taste - something about being too gamey. The second chop was much better, in my opinion. I gave a bite to my girlfriend, who said it tasted too much like lamb. She doesn't like lamb, but appreciates the tenderness of the meat. To her, well cooked lamb doesn't taste like lamb but is still oh-so-tender. I like the taste, so the second chop was better. The third chop was so-so.I appreciate expensive food and all, but I'm already very happy with a $20 meal. This is because at that price, I can still pick up the bones and eat the meat like a barbarian. I did that hereanyway, because I like lamb and the best meat is the bit stuck to the bone. I also don't embarrass easily.In all, it was a dining experience that one would expect for a $130 dinner for two. This was including appetizer, wine, and dessert.Three stars for "will consider coming back" but not spectacular for the price. I would rather find other places to visit first, since this wasn't an exquisite meal considering the extravagant price tag.
Took my fiance and another couple to dinner here on a Wednesday night. Kokkari was very busy -- I would recommend reservations to avoid a wait. The food ranged between above average and truly excellent. Particularly good was the fried zucchini cake appetizer and special roast lamb entree.  They have a diverse dessert selection including very tasty yet relatively light selections. Service was relaxed while still being slightly spunky and friendly. For the quality of the food served and atmosphere the price is very reasonable. For as long as they maintain their current level of quality price and atmosphere I would highly recommend Kokkari.
Beautiful and warm setting in my favorite part of San Francisco. The festive atmosphere made it a great place for a weekend dinner. Oh, and the food was very good too. We all enjoyed the appetizers in particular.
I'm not the biggest fan of Greek cuisine, however this place has it down to an art. I am a big fan of the appetizers (the zucchini cakes and meatballs are both amazing) - not too big into the entrees though. Excellent wine selection, in fact one of the best I've seen in awhile.Service is AMAZING - went with a group of 10 for a friend's birthday this week and they were very attentive to every last detail. My only complaints are: the hostess wasn't all that helpful and the wait can be long. However, the biggest perk of having a long wait (if there is such a thing), is sitting at the bar, sipping a good glass of wine and watching the likes of Gavin Newsom talk on his cell phone incessantly. He's hot, but what's with the bouffant hair??
Not much to add after 900 reviews. All I'll say is that Kokkari lived up to its amazing reputation. The ambience, decor and service were fantastic. And the food was just outstanding. The oven roasted prawn is served in a tomato gravy. It is supremely flavorful and delicious. I highly recommend it. The lamb shank is excellent as well, as is the goat stew. Ravioli is good but nothing special. And for dessert, the semolina custard in filo with apricots is outstanding. Just the right amount of sweetness and the combination of hot (the filo) with cold (ice cream and apricots) was fantastic.
If you're looking for party in your mouth tasty food, fab atmosphere, great service, and extensive wine and liquor list - this is your place. Book. reservation. now.
hard to get a table but when you do it's the best Greek restaurant in the city!!!The lamb is to die for as well as the cheese plate that comes with their own pita bread
I was there on Valentines day. Its one of the busiest nights of the year for many restaurants and I believe this to be the true test of how well a restaurant functions. Nothing was spared. All things were perfect, ambiance, cocktails, Dimitri, my server, a young lady I can remember her name but she was wonderful too. I had already decided on what I wanted prior to coming in but I asked her what she recommended and it was the same dish I had decided on. The fish for 2. This evening there was a 4 course meal preset. It was so much food. I cant complain becuase it was amazing. I would say I enjoyed the octopus the most. I was here on my bday a few months before and that is when I fell in love with the restaurant. I will keep telling all my friends about it. Thank you Dimitri for your graciousness.
everything we had was amazing!
Order the lamb chops. Then proceed to restrain yourself from picking one up and gnawing on the bone because they are THAT good. They also have one of the best chocolate cakes I've had in my entire life. Moist, dense, rich, creamy, a little gooey....I'm turning myself on.
When I think Greek, I think of Kokkari Estiatorio, located just north of the Financial District, or its sister restaurant, Evvia, in Palo Alto. Since Stanfurd sucks, I prefer going to Kokkari in the City to satiate my occasional Greek craving. Food: 5 stars.  The food at Kokkari is very comparable to what I experienced in Athens a few years back. Most dishes have lots of oregano, olive oil, and/or lemon. Simple yet delicious. For appetizers, we enjoyed the octopodaki tou yiorgou (grilled octopus with lemon, oregano and olive oil), saghanaki (pan fried Kefalograviera cheese with lemon and oregano), and aginares souvlaki (grilled artichokes and eggplant skewers with Greek yogurt). The octopus was the best that I've ever had (not that there is much to compare it to). I also loved the crispiness of the pan fried cheese and the grilled artichokes were perfection. For entrees, we had the roasted whole branzino, roasted whole sole (both were fishes of the day), kotopoulo souvlas (lemon-oregano roasted Fulton Valley chicken with fasolakya), arnisia paidakia (grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette with potatoes), and mosharisia brizola (charcoal grilled dry-aged ribeye with braised greens and potatoes). The grilled lamb chops, a signature dish, is tender and delicious, as is the ribeye. The chicken skin, although so bad for you, was soooo good and so worth the cholesterol. The chicken meat was nice and juicy as well. I was surprised that the fish dishes, although good, were outshone by the meat dishes. All entrees are pretty large in portions, which is good for me because I got to take some leftover chicken and ribeye home with me. For dessert, we had the kokkari sundae, which tasted like a normal sundae, and the sokolatina (flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream), which was rich and decadent. A couple of us wanted to try greek coffee for the first time. It was going to be our last time, unfortunately, because the coffee had a muddy texture that I just didn't care for. Service: 5 stars. The valet can be very patient and understanding with customers. This was evidenced when my road raging friend got into a cussing match with another driver as she pulled up to the valet. The hostess and wait staff can be quick to react to our needs. This was evidenced by how quickly they rushed over to our table to clean up the mess that occurred when my same friend accidentally knocked over her water glass as she sat down. Our server was very helpful, patient, and always available to answer our questions. This was evidenced by the same friend's request for our server to describe the fishes of the day a couple of minutes after he had already done so.  Atmosphere: 5 stars. The first thing I noticed about this place was damn, there are a LOT of old people here!!! That's generally who they stick in the dining room in front. Fortunately, there is a plethora of younger people dining in the larger room in back. The dining rooms definitely resemble the design of restaurants in Greece, with a few exceptions: (1) couches in the front dining room, (2) a grand fireplace that serves as the showcase for the front room, and (3) an elevator that takes you down to the restrooms (don't hold your #1 til the last minute). Hits:  Grilled octopus, grilled artichokes and eggplant skewers, fried cheese, grilled lambchops, Fulton Valley chicken.Misses: Greek coffee (my preference), too many old people, smug waiters, having to take an elevator to use the restroom.If You Like This Place, You'd Probably Like: Evvia, Mezes, Zeyno Mediterranean Grill
the best dish i had here was easily the grilled octopus. it was just so perfectly cooked. i never really ordered octopus before i came here, but i heard that it was good here. it was definitely a starter that will linger in my mind for quite some time. for the other dishes, i got to share the lamb chops and the moussaka. neither of these dishes wowed me. they were decently cooked but didn't have any flavors that stood out or popped. the venue itself is very nice and is very visually appealing. however, the service was very cut and dry. they did the job but weren't overly helpful or friendly. i would definitely go back again and maybe just sit at the bar and order the octopus appetizer.
Deserving of all five stars in every way. One of my all time favorite restaurants.
I was excited to try this place after hearing many great things - I really liked it. The food was great - try their starter of house dips with pita bread, and the fried cheese was delicious! It's very filling, so we were only able to share mains - the roasted pork was tender and fatty, and the moussaka was creamy and delicious. Good service. Depending on where you sit (all the way in the back is VERY loud), the noise level changes. Lively environment - great bar to get something to eat alone. Definitely make reservations!I just went back for lunch yesterday - we both had a hankering for a good greek salad. The dips (eggplant and tzaziki were great - I love the thick pita bread that accompanies the dips) were great. My salad, unfortunately, came with a piece of masking tape in it! Ooops! Needless to say, kind of soured my meal - but it was comped. I won't write off Kokkari for this little incident, although something tells me that this wouldn't happen at Gary Danko...
Kokkari is one of SF's finest restaurants.SF is not a great town for service. NY certainly has better service overall. Kokkari sets a standard for great food and service consistently. The service is particularly noteworthy and seeks to please. I was wowed when the waitress brough out a special salad to my dinner mate when he mentioned he had a wondrous salad in Kokkari Greece. the first and seconds all excellently prepared and the finishes were so wonderful-- and you know it takes so little to really make your customers come back for more. I got a taste of a wonderful port-- again, i didn't ask for it and yet would go again and again with such warm and accommodating service.Buen Provecho!
Great food and wonderful atmosphere. The server was both attentive and helpful. Highly recommend the lamb dishes.
Amazing! Loved the atmosphere, excellent service and even better food. I recommend the zucchini appetizer. Octopus was ok, good if you want to try something different, not my favorite seafood appetizer however. The stuffed calamari looked better - but I didn't have the chance to try it. We both got the fish special - one roasted in a wood fire oven and one grilled. Both were equally as good. This is a great place for a date, or for a more intimate dinner among friends.
If you exclude Greek Town Chicago, then this place is amazing...Get the octupus and the fried smelts for appetizers - get extra lemons for the smelts. Trust me - you'll love it...Then just listen to whatever the waiter recommends. She made 4 recs for 4 folks and each was amazing... The lamb is perfect here...
this place is amazing and one of my favorite restaurants anywhere, in any city. (and yes, i've traveled a lot.) everything i've ever had here is consistently fabulous, from the unreal, flaky spanakotiropita, to the heaven-on-your-tongue taramosalata & tirosalata dips (and ohhhhh, that grilled pita is TO DIE FOR), grilled octopus salad, roasted whole fish, grilled lamb chops (and i am not a lamb lover otherwise... theirs tastes like a beef ribeye lollipop!).the servers are also very knowledgable, and know what to recommend. just went there on sat night, and would never have thought to order the heirloom tomato salad (didn't seem "special" enough) or the peach ice cream (i'm not a dessert person), but the server raved about both... and oh man, was he right on! way to make me try things that i'd otherwise pass on for one reason or another. now that is a mark of a great server who knows his craft!don't miss the stone ground coffee (my fave is the metrio), it's also amazing. just know... with it being packed every night, no surprise, be sure to book a reservation early and prepare for a superb epicurian experience!
I've been here a number of times for business dinner. Environment is upscale. Food is interesting and high quality.  Wine list is solid. Service is EXCELLENT. Can't go wrong here.
great food. Nice ambiance as well. Could get a tad noisy with the wine-drinking Bank execs at the bar, but the other dining room is quieter.They make great Moussaka. Very nice wine list as well. But here's the catch:THEY'RE ALWAYS BOOKED. So I tried this once and it worked - just show up. You'll probably get a table sooner than you think.Unless you just want somebody to park your car for you, another tip is to look for parking on the Embarcadero side. Forget about the North Beach side. You can also park in the Embarcadero Shopping Center.Tip #3: There's a little walkway in the park that leads to the street bridge. EXCELLENT make-out spot.
the service is still outstanding and the restaurant is still pretty, but the difference on this visit is the octopus-- that's probably the only thing i went butt-crazy over. everything else was tasty, but not palate-popping.simply amazing experience. my greek friends liked it, so it must be good! 3.5 stars.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. Zuchinni cakes, delicious! Calamari stuffed with goat cheese, heaven. Moussaka, delightful. Ambiance, cozy. Service, impeccable. Perfect special occassion dinner - by far one of the BEST restaurants I've ever been to.
This place is fantastic and has never disappointed. I've been here for casual lunches, family dinners, business dinners, romatic dinners and I've always been satisfied with my experience. My personal favorites are the whole fish, the crispy smelts and zuchini cakes. The lamb is always fantastic and you can never go wrong with ordering the specials of the day. The last time I went here they had a fantastic whole roast pig that was to die for. This is also the place that actually introduced me to the combination of fresh summer watermelon and feta cheese-- and for that alone I am internally grateful.
I have never been disappointed at Kokkari. From business lunches to group dinners they have been fantastic. I LOVE their smelt. I've never found somewhere else that I enjoy it but I LOVE it here. Moussaka is mouth watering good! I actually got the chef to give me the recipe. I know, you're jealous :-)
Really nice place.The food was great (several appetizers, Greek salad (fresh, fresh, fresh, tomatos) main dishes). Everything was excellent.The service was impeccable. Not too much where you are interrupted, but enough where your water glass is always full and genuine carrying by the server that we liked the food.The ambiance is really great. They lit the large fireplace while we were there, the seats were comfortable, and the woodwork was beautiful.Prices were very reasonable. 5 stars.
I was here last night for my bday dinner. The ambience is very nice and the food is amazing. The smelts and calamaries were quite tastey and my lamb chops were prepared to perfection. Don't miss out on the Galaktoboureko (custard wrapped in filo dough w/ pistachio ice cream and a side of figs) -- it's to die for. I would definitely come back here for a special occassion.
I went to Kokkari several years ago, before I had ever gone to Greece. I thought the food was fantastic. Since that time, I found a Greek boyfriend and have been to Greece several times. Upon returning to Kokkari, I'll say that the decor is very nice and the waitstaff is attentive, but the food is not up to the standard of being traditionally Greek, or even "upscale Greek".We were not impressed with the Greek salad. We forgive this because tomatoes are out of season. However, the octopus was blanched and then grilled for five minutes. The best way to get flavor out of octopus is to grill (essentially smoke it) for a long time. The meat is then tender and delicious, Kokkari missed on bringing out the flavor and texture in the octopus. We found it rubbery and flavorless. Zucchini keftedes (patties) were tasty; however the Gigantes (large beans) were also lacking in flavor. In each case, these appetizers missed the mark compared to places in Greece and in the US, that are more authentic in bringing out the flavor. Dishes were swept away before there was an opportunity to enjoy the left over sauce and olive oil with bread (a big Greek no-no because that is the best part). Our entree was the evening's roasted special pork. It was ok, not bad, but did not knock our socks off. The best part of the meal was the rice pudding dessert which was very tasty. Greek coffee was also traditionally made and very good.All-in-all, Kokkari is good, but don't bring a Greek person here because they will be very perplexed about why it has a high rating.
It's 5p, and I'm still absolutely stuffed from lunch. Yay for new hire lunches.Starters - most to least favorite, although everything was really tasty (split 9-ways)Gigantes - oven-baked giant beans with tomato sauce, olive oil & herbed feta. I don't like giant beans; or at least, that's what I thought 'til now. If you don't like them here, then you probably don't like them at all. The texture and flavors were really great!Octapodaki tou Yiorgou - Grilled octopus with lemon, oregano & olive oil. I'm biased; I like octopus, especially when they're not rubbery knobs of cephalopod meat, which these were not. Surprising considering they were sizable chunks of octopus, and yet they still had a nice soft (but cooked) texture.Bizelosalata -sweet green peas & feta with green onions. Flavors that remind you that spring has definitely sprung in the Bay Area.Grilled Lamb Riblets - with lemon & oregano. Lamb. Riblets. Finger food goodness.Fried Smelts - with garlic-potato skordalia (think hummus) & lemon. Upon first blush, they look like french fries with little itty bitty eyes hidden beneath a battered exterior. The skordalia was definitely more garlicky today. Sometimes more potato-y, sometimes more garlicky, according to our server.Saghanaki - pan fried Kefalograviera (cheese) with lemon & oregano. Fried cheese. Eat with tasty bread.Mains (split 4-ways)Ravioli - stuffed with wild greens & feta with artichokes & roasted Greek peppers. Wish they had given us 4 ravioli instead of 3, but the bite that I had was a lovely combination of savoriness I wasn't expecting from a pasta dish.Grilled Ahi Tuna - roasted asparagus with Kalamata olives & tomato sauce. Tuna so good, though I wouldn't say it was "rare" as described. Definitely seared a bit more than I think we were expecting.Dessert (all mine)Yiaourti me Meli - Greek yogurt with spiced walnuts & dates drizzled with Greek Attiki honey. I love Greek yogurt. I buy Fage at Trader Joe's. It doesn't even come close to the Greek yogurt I had today at lunch. The density of the yogurt at Kokkari was like a heavy cake batter, and the freshness of the yogurt unlike anything I've ever eaten. Though the walnuts and dates were tasty, I wish I hadn't eaten the few that I had and focused more on the yogurt. Then I got too full and had to pass it down the table. Note to self: order no more than one or 2 apps, skip the main and go directly to the Greek yogurt. No sharing the yogurt, though, next time it's going to be all mine.
Random day. I got off from work and my friend meets me. He says "Let's go somewhere" so I follow him and he heads straight for Kokkari. I'm like "great, on a day that isn't a payday." But he's so excited to even have me try just one thing, the pita with I forget which dip it was, but WOW did it not only taste amazing, but it filled me up as if I had a full blown meal! That house made grilled pita is soooooo soft, light, chewy and well portioned that I could've had it without the dip. I can't believe just from that I already gave this place 4 stars, and I'm sure I'll add the last star after I go back which will hopefully be sometime soon since his bday is coming up and this is his favorite restaurant.
Everything was amazing here. The food, drinks, service, and ambiance. It's become one of my favorite Greek restaurants. The fried smelts, grilled calamari, and octopus were great appetizers. I loved their mousaka. Their lamb chops were fabulous and cooked to perfection. Desserts were delicioso which consisted of greek yogurt & honey, a dark chocolate flourless cake, and some custard filo with creme fraiche. Then we topped it off with Greek coffee. What a night! Too bad they are far from me but it's definitely a treat to come here and enjoy good food.
I want to give this place 5 stars, but i just can't! Last time I had a lamb special, and yes, it was tasty, but just not eddible. When I had eaten the meat, there was a full plate left of fat and bone... not very appealing. Needless to say they removed it from the check and the manager came by to apologize. Oh and I saw Gavin Hotsom.
4.5: very tasty rotisserie lamb chops -- expertly executed, just cooked perfectlythis restaurant is very much like its sister Evvia except quieter and more spread outour waiter was a food blogger, so very knowledgeable and made good recs, also they make sure stuff doesn't get cold by serving youmenu is not my most fav style of cooking, but i have to say everything was prepared well, grilled octopus was very soft like it should bebeet salad, zucchini, prawns (kinda tapas-like), seabassGalaktoboureko for dessert -- tasty creme fraiche and phyllo dough and probably the only thing we had classically greekcame back for another meal. grilled fish was done delicately. flatbread good, meatballs ok. flourless chocolate cake excellent.all the apps are still great:Kolokithokeftethes- crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint yogurt dressingSoutzoukakia - grilled lamb meatballs with spiced tomato sauce & Greek yogurtlittle taste of Baked Feta - Greek feta wood oven baked with tomato, capers & Metaza brandyran out of special pork tenderloin, so got the lamb chops again -- perfect with crispy potatoshared some dessertsGalaktoboureko - traditional semolina custard in filo with fresh apricots & pistachio ice creamSokolatina - flourless dark chocolate cake with sweetened whipped cream still greatBaklava - traditional walnut & honey baklava with vanilla-praline ice cream
Rustic and sexy, food is hearty - warm - and delicious in the most fresh of ways. I love the ambiance, take me away to Greece! You can not feel anything be pleased when you enter and leave. Expensive for dinner and drinks, probably. But opt to eat cheap tomorrow so you can enjoy this place.
Yummy yummy, made me try foods that would usually make me gag mentally. I ate here after a long day of champagne and oysters by the water. After changing and becoming presentable in the car outside the restaurant, we finally went in for our reservation and it was packed. We ended up waiting a while and had a drink. The place is gorgeous. I'm Greek so finally finding a Greek restaurant that is the decorated with the typical white and blue is fan freaking tabulous!! It's all dark and woodsy and very chic. There were different levels and it was huge. We ordered so much food and again the menu was not the typical menu. I had "gigantes" giant beans that I usually don't find on menus. My boyfriend at the time ordered "kokoresti" which I swore up and down I would never try. It is intestines of lamb and I really don't want to know what else. It's done over coals here and the champagne and wine I had had gave me the balls to take a mouthful and it was delicious!!! I can't wait to go back to SF and eat here again!
All I can say is.... I LOVE this place! I LOVE this place! I LOVE this place! Sister restaurant to Evvia in Palo Alto.... I LOVE that place too...I don't even like lamb, but I always have their lamb chop when I'm there. Great place for any occasion... Birthday, Anniversary, or just because... If you are in the mood for some good food... Kokkari is it!Oh, BTW did I mention I LOVE this place????
Kokkari is all-around excellent. I have yet to have a bad meal -- the lamb is a standout but everyone's always happy with their order. Great wine list. The service is both attentive and genuinely friendly. My fave dessert is the yogurt with pecans, honey, and dates.It's not cheap, so wait 'til you're ready to spend a little bit, and then go! Definitely a reservations-recommended place, awful busy. Gavin Newsom stopped by the table next to ours last time we went (he's tall).
Have to get the grilled lamb chops, like candy! Have them cooked medium more maximum flavor. The zucchini cake is also great. Another plus is that they have Hangar One vodka, local smooth magic that makes you feel good. Minus - food was served very fast, makes me wonder whether it was made to order or prepare before we ordered way, it's all about the flavor and service in general. All is exceptional.
Awesome.Greek.Food.
i'm really not quite sure what everyone is raving about here. perhaps they went for lunch? i just came back from europe, so i'm a little picky about authenticity and really great tasting food.the food here is really california-greek, and a little bit of french, not soul-food greek. for starters, i had the fried zucchini cakes, which was probably the best thing we had. we also had the calamari stuffed w/ feta--not bad, but not something i would order again.the halibut steak was particularly disgusting. a slab of halibut, on top of a pile of bellpeppers and onions, with an overwhelming amount of olive oil. and there were bones--there shouldn't have to be bone spitting at a restaurant with cloth napkins.the lamb chops were cooked and seasoned well, but the fact that they were tiptoeing on a lake of olive oil was not very appealing.for dessert, the filo custard and ice cream was alright, but was a sugar overload for me. also, the bathroom is an elevator ride and a walk across the entire restaurant, which is quite long.this is probably a better place for shmoozers and after-work socializers since the bar scene seemed to be quite happening. i wouldn't recommend this place for dinner, though.
my wife is greek, and her parents owned and operated san francisco restaurants for nearly two decades. to say they are a scrutinizing bunch is an understatement.kokkari is wonderful and delicious, period. so wonderful and delicious that my wife and i had the rehearsal dinner for our wedding there. the service and the food were top notch, as always,and everyone raved. (thank you caroline and sayed!) special note: order whatever the daily rotisserie special is. the rotisserie pork is literally the single greatest dish i've ever eaten at a restaurant.
Unbelievable! We usually start out w/ the spreads, lamb riblets, shrimp, Greek salad. brussel sprouts or artichoke & move into the branzino, lamb chops or the special last night was an amazing goat stew. Yes, goat & it was Delicious! Don't miss the Greek coffee as well.
Bring your entire stimulus check.. your gonna need it!
I feel home here. Okay, Okay, Okay I have only 1/16 Greek in me, but believe me it came out! All that lamb..mmmmmm....the portions are big, everything is delicious, (my mousaka is better though ;) ). I prefer this place for family occasions. elegant dress. Also girls beware of the deadly floor...I don't know why,but I kept nearly slipping in my heels and I was very sober...so just hold on to your man and don't take any sudden turns.
Loved this restaurant. Surprised by the nice interior design. Came here for lunch, food is alright but ambiance is great.
Overrated. Yeah, that's about it. OK, Kokkari is a gorgeous restaurant in a really nice location. I had no idea Jackson St was so beautiful! The park on Front and Jackson is really pretty and there are a ton of nice condo buildings. Inside the restaurant the open fire and rotisserie are beautiful. But the food at Kokkari is just average... can get a better Greek meal at just about any good home style Greek place and for a fraction of the price. Most of the other items are typical steakhouse fare with a slight Greek twist. Sure it was Friday night, but the service was distracted and rather poor considering the fanciness ratio. I'm fairly disappointed considering that Kokkari had been on my bookmarks list since I moved to SF. I wouldn't refuse to go back, but it wouldn't be very high on the list either.
Seriously, YUM. Still one of the best in SF.
this place is really good, however the grilled octopus is far more superior at dio deka in los gatos. the appetizer spreads are very good. lunch special sandwiches are very large portions.
If I were to be executed tomorrow there is only one place I would request my last meal from. Kokkari! This place is the complete package on every level imaginable and I do declare this to be my favorite restaurant.I have been here twice and had the bar experience and the dining room experience. With kids and without.First the bar experience - We arrived on a friday night without reservations (clearly we are insane) but we had the pleasure of being directed to the bar by a very helpful manager that informed us a couple was getting ready to be seated at a table and if we wait behind their chairs we could sit right down at the bar. Thank you sir! You did not have to do that. But this is a reflection of their entire staff...helpful, extremely polite and very customer oriented. The bar is large and incredibly well stocked with anything you could want. The wine list is amazing and you can order the full menu at the bar. As I said, it was friday night and the place was packed...especially the bar....however the bartender rocked! He paid equal attention to everyone, made spectacular drinks, and never was away from us for more than 5 minutes. He got our orders right and they came quite promptly. Kudos to him....he was swamped yet remained a pleasure to talk to, he was very patient, and he seemed truly happy to be there.We ordered many different small plates and lot's of wine and I can't remember the last time I had food as good as this. Nothing was bad and everything was served up to perfection. The flavors, the presentation, it was all great. Also the ambiance of this place is incredible. Makes you feel ike you are all part of one big family dinner.The second time we went was with friends and we made reservations. We also brought along 4 children and I must disagree with those of you who say it's not kid friendly. Not only was our waitress like a second mother to them, they also were more than willing to create a number of kid friendly dishes for the kids. Again, the service was amazing and our waitress was brilliant. She knew the answer to every question we asked her and I went with her recommendation for my entree and she did not steer me wrong. I can't recall all the food we had but let me just say we had 9 people and I tried everything and it was ALL amazing. This place knows how to treat you, knows how to cook, and you would be hard pressed to find a better place to go. Oh a funny side note: the night we ate at the bar we saw Ryan the temp from the show "The Office". Said hi to him. He was very nice...took pictures with a lot of kids and talked to everyone. 5 stars for him...lol
i can't recommend this place enough.i came here yesterday (finally! i've tried before but the line was too long) with my uncle and waited for seats at the bar, probably about a 1/2 hour wait at 7:00 on a thursday. the next available reservation was at 9:30 that night. this place gets *extremely* crowded so i would strongly recommend reservations.we had appetizers of fried cheese, octopus, and lamb riblets.the cheese dish salty, tangy and creamy. if bacon were a cheese dish, this would be it.the octopus was great as well. too many times you get octopus and it's a rubbery mess. not this time, the texture was great.the lamb riblets were very tasty too.for my main course i got the lamb chops and my uncle got snapper, both of which were delicious.service was very friendly if you care about that sort of thing.i was impressed by everything i had here. i've never had upscale greek food before and i will certainly be back for more. next time i'll make a reservation though.
We went here May 19th my birthday and had a great time. The location was nice and the atmosphere was nice as well. The restaurant had nice wood floors a fireplace and very high ceilings. It was a little loud because of the floors and tall ceilings but, nice. We got seated promptly but, it took a bit to get service there. We finally got service and she was very nice and we ordered a small plate of lamb meat balls which were delicious. For entrees we ordered stuffed quail with roasted corn, sunchokes, and cauliflower. My wife ordered oregano lemon braised chicken which was a large portion almost a whole chicken minus the legs and thighs. It was all very good and would return again.
I came here twice and both times were awesome and memorable. They never disappointed me once. I cant remember what i ordered the first time but the second time i was there, i remember ordering the lamb shanks and that was tasty and tender. Their appetizers are great! i remember a sweet potato appetizer. there were so many i need to go back and refresh my memory. The wine selection is large! i know only because we had about 5 or even more bottles the first time i was there. Both btw were company dinners. I would go back even if it wasnt a company dinner. More on the pricey side for a regular night out but definitely expect to enjoy yourself here. A plus is the ambiance and atmosphere as well as the location. It is located at a corner in a quiet neighborhood a few blocks from embarcadero.
Make a reservation, don't go there in a rush, and sit back and eat your face off! Great service, great Mediterranean food, and great wine selections. The lamb is amazing - and I don't eat lamb! LOL The spanakopita - love it, the dips with pita bring it on. Seriously you must go here with an appetite because lack of food is not an issue! This is one of my favorite places so far in SF. Fantastic experience each time I've been here!
As good as it gets. The lamb entree is just ridiculously good.
The food at Kokkari during our business lunch was outstanding but the service was so awful, I can't give them more than 2 stars on balance - especially given the price we paid. It took more than 20 minutes just to get a glass of water, and 30 minutes to get the drinks we ordered. Our waiter was incompetent, disinterested, and rarely around. The servers didn't know who ordered what, and mis-placed every food item. I expect more from a restaurant at this price point. The food, definitely, was outstanding, but I'd prefer to have at least a little bit of service with my meal.
food was amazing and the service was great too...you need a reservation or get there early and sit at the bar...
My husband and I were told by a friend to try Kokkari. We are very glad he did! This place was great! Food, ambiance, staff...can't say enough. We had a party of four and everyone loved everything from the appetizers to dessert.
the moussaka alone warrants many return visits. i'm not a big fan of lamb (i'm learning to appreciate its gaminess, really! especially if it's done right) but this traditional greek casserole of spiced lamb, eggplant, potato & yogurt bchamel is sooooo good i could easily be called a convert. i don't know what combo of spices are used (cinnamon? cloves?) but you can smell the delicious aroma even before it arrives to your table. the slightly sweet/savory combo reminds me a bit of my moroccan favorite, bastilla, but instead of flaky phyllo, an incredibly rich, bubbling brown bechamel layer tops the casserole - i swear, if i didn't know any better, this could pass for a french onion soup (looks wise anyway)! definitely a dish to share, i don't know how one could finish an entire serving, even if it's that good...the rest of the menu's okay - chicken skewers can be a little dry, greek salad seems standard fare, baklava's a bit too sweet (but the vanilla praline ice cream it's served with is really the star! well worth ordering the dessert just for this...)i've only been here for lunch, and it's always busy and crowded, but service is pretty good. there can be some lagging between courses and waiters may not always remember who ordered what, but not a big deal (unless you're in a hurry). the restaurant itself is so warm, cozy and inviting with the wood finishes everywhere (it's kind of like a ski lodge!) and open windows that it's a pleasure to enjoy a leisurely meal.
I had a business lunch here with clients not too long ago and I was impressed. The food was so good. I had fish and the lemon fingerling potatoes they served were delicious. I definately want to get there for dinner. Really nice upscale greek food.
Ridiculously delicious and classy. I've always had a wonderful meal here. The martinis are perfect, the apps devine, and the meat phenomenally spiced. Its difficult to find excellent true Greek in the city. Kokkari has the variety that I love. The service is also timely an underplayed, but played well. Be prepared to shell out some money though.
Glorious from beginning to end. My meal here and at The House were the best I had in San Francisco. I love the simple flavors of the Greek islands (I've been to Rhodes and Santorini). Full bodied olive oil and white wine, grilled white cheeses, perfectly cooked fish, some of the most scrumptious cucumbers and tomatoes in the world and lemon, lemon, lemon! Kokkari succeeds in making its Greek Island brothers and sisters very proud. The presentation and the tastes reawakened the sights, smells and tastes of my time on the islands (specifically Santorini which was bliss).
instead of reading this, you should be calling kokkari to make a reservation. do it. now. or do i have to do everything for you??now that you have a reservation, get ready for greek food like none you have had before. my bf and i came here for his birthday and everything was incredible. attentive service, cool wine list, and amazing food. we shared an entree and a couple of their mezethes. make sure you get something that comes w/ pita bread - although be forewarned, you'll never want to buy supermarket pitas ever again. grilled octopus was probably the best octopus preparation i've ever had. even the simple greek salad was eye-opening - who knew it could be this good?? our entree was braised lamb shank w/ orzo and myzithra, a crumbly greek cheese ... so tender and falling apart and ...melty (that's really the only way to describe it). this is the kind of place that makes me question my decision to be a poor grad student. but don't worry, a side order of existential crisis is free.
I haven't dined at Kokkari in quite a while but had a wonderful lunch here yesterday... I forgot how much I love this place. Perfect service and perfect food in a beautiful setting. All the appetizers here are awesome and even if you don't like lamb you'll love the Moussaka. For dessert, try the yogurt drizzled with honey and topped with walnuts and dates. YUM!
Hellenic cuisine is a rare species of restaurant, I feel, so I was especially excited when I discovered Kokkari Estiatorio. Sister restaurant to Evvia Estiatorio in Palo Alto, Kokkari shares with Evvia a warm decor of wooden floors and waist-high wood panels on the walls that establishes an atmosphere that is both elegant and comfortable. Kokkari's space is deceptively enormous, featuring back rooms to back rooms and a small lower level. One nice touch is that the wood panel motif extends into the interior of the elevator, maintaining a degree of consistency to the restaurant's ambiance even when guests find themselves in that rectangular metal box. On our way to our table, we walked past an open kitchen, which had a large wood-fire oven and what appeared to be a large stone mortar filled with sand, that served as the backdrop to our dining experience.We started with an order of crispy zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing, whose serving size the waiter kindly adjusted to fit our party. The cakes were spot on; their exterior was perfectly crispy without any hint of oil, and the interior was smooth, warm, and moist. While the grilled lamb chops with a lemon-oregano vinaigrette were recommended as the house signature dish, I decided to try the rotisserie special of the day, a brined and fire roasted Berkshire pig entree that was a succulent survey of the leg, loin, shoulder, and belly bacon cuts. Admittedly quite fatty, the rotisserie pork was moist -- nay, juicy -- and tender to the point where I possibly could have set down my knife and eaten my meal with a fork alone.For dessert, I had the galaktoboureko, a semolina custard surrounded in filo served atop slices of candied apricot and with pistachio ice cream, which was good but not particularly noteworthy. The service, however, was outstanding throughout the meal. The waiter was quick, attentive, and affable.While Kokkari may not wow those looking for cutting-edge culinary innovations, it delivers extremely well-executed Greek food and an excellent all-around dining experience. I'm glad I made it out to dinner with the couples Kramer-Emmart and Kumnick-Raju, affectionately and better known as the Krametards and the Kumjus. What wonderful dinner companions they do make.
I had guests in from out of town and brought them to this amazing place. We started off with the hummus and the grilled octopus dish. It was so delicious! The octopus was so soft and delicate. I ordered the Moussaka. OMG!! The creaminess, the flavor, the comfort in my belly feeling. I was so happy and sleepy after that . Very rich. I tasted my boyfriends lamb and my friends duck. Melt in your mouth.... I recommend this place for a romantic dinner for two and/or group of friends. YUMP.s The service was great
Very good food! great rotisserie meats, delicious olives, and food presentation is impressive. A bit of the pricey side ,so come here prepared. I love the food and the atmosphere, it feel warm and welcoming all the way around.
Great menu. Tasty food. The facilities also have a lot of character. This is a solid place for a business lunch. I had a Christmas lunch for my employees here and the service was great. Make reservations. This is also a very good place for vegetarian cuisine. Leave room for dessert and coffee. I usually do not, but this place is an exception. I am a regular ! The only minor critique I have is much of the menu has been static for the past three years.
I went for my brother in laws birthday...we figured it would be a good idea since my niece works for this place. We get a pretty nice family discount. They definitely treated us like royalty. They brought out massive amounts of appetizers, plate after plate of beautiful displayed food and we enjoyed the appetizers so much that we were too full to even order a dinner plate! I'm a dolmas expert and I was 100% satisfied with their dolmas and different dips. If you go, dress up and behave because this place is fancy and very high-end!
A friend of mine recommended this restaurant to me when I was looking for a place to hold my husband's bday dinner. Although we didn't end up doing a sit down dinner, I was still rather interested in checking this place out. After ANOTHER recommendation, I finally had to take my girlfriends there to try it. The food was absolutely wonderful! We started off with the grilled artichoke and eggplant skewer as well as some grilled calamari. Everything tasted so fresh yet bursting with mediterranean flavors. Then for our entrees we got the rib-eye, lamb chops, and the halibut. Seriously, this was some of the best steak/lamb I have ever tasted. It was grilled to perfection, yet amazingly tender on the inside. The halibut was cooked perfectly and served with fresh summer corn and tomatoes. We were all elated by the delicious food. For dessert we ordered the semolina custard. We thought it was actually going to come in a tart, but it came in what looked like a banana lumpia. I didn't care much for the lumpia wrapper, but the fresh figs with vanilla ice cream that were alongside made up for it. The only reason that I give this place 4 stars was because I wasn't that excited about the "gypsy" cocktail that I ordered. I am definitely making my husband take me here on date night!
Just had lunch here. The ambiance was nice and not too noisy. The staff was attentive without being intrusive. Very nice day so the windows were open. It might be nice to be seated at one of the window tables. For starters we had a plate of the grilled meatballs and a plate of dolmas. Not a big fan of dolmas but the meatballs were awesome! It was served with a tomato based sauce and 3 green olives. I ordered the Petrale Sole with braised greens. That was tasty. Nice subtle flavors that were brightened up with the squeeze of lemon. The braised greens that came with it weren't so great. Too mushy for my taste. The dessert was a lemon curd in filo with vanilla ice cream and toasted hazelnuts. Just the right balance of sweet and tart.
Love the atmosphere, the servers are really nice. It's kind of hard to get a reservation, but they do have a sister restaurant in Palo Alto (Evvia - sp?) that has the EXACT same menu. I would come here just for the saganaki, meza platter and greek coffee and be totally satisfied.
Never Disappoints. Even vegetarians should consider the lamb chops. Enjoy the atmosphere. And try to sit in the front room near the fireplace.
* mediterranean food* warm atmosphere* great dishes* attentive service
probably one of the most scrumptious meals i have ever had. zucchini cakes were so good as well as the ravioli. dessert was unbelievable. hands down the best sundae in San Francisco. real whip cream. I'm still thinking about it. what a wine list. just lovely.
I have been here several times with my wife and family. We always have such a nice time. The service is tops and the food consistently great. It can get a bit loud around the bar area but the restaurant attracts a lot of people. I love the decor especially down near the restrooms. You feel like you are in a Mediterranean wine cellar. I can't wait to go back for the mezethes (appetizers), the lamb chops, and the mousaka.
I heart Kokkari. It's right near my office and I try to take advantage of it for lunch when I'm not feeling poor. Appetizers are great (spreads, zuchinni cakes); entrees (moussaka, artichoke souvlaki, ravioli, mussels); and they have the yummiest and richest flourless cake!
I've never had a bad dining experience here (despite the fact that I've frequently had to wait for a table even with a reservation -- they reallly need to handle their reservations better).The dips/pita are awesome. You must get the lamb chops. The coffee is heavenly.
I love going to a restaurant where you're instantly transported to another place by just entering its doors. Kokkari delivers that sentiment- complete with wood burning fireplace and roasting lamb, rustic tables with walls that echoes from the village in Greece and most of all when you arrive there- you are welcomed by adoring friends and their contagious festive attitude. This is often a forgotten comment on ambiance in a restaurant- since in essence- the company you keep IS what generates this warm feeling adding gusto to your dining experience.Our lunch comprised of the following- which we shared with each other...AND finished sans leftovers ;-)Wood Oven Roasted Prawns were large , stewed in tomato and flavored with feta cheese.Kokkari Potatoes - oven roasted crispy on the outside, seasoned with oregano and lemon juiceGrilled Meatballs -veal and lamb in an oregano, orange & tomato-green olive compote Lahanofilodolmathes- cabbage roll stuffed with veal seasoned with lemon zest and peppercorn in a lemony sauceWhole Fish - Branzino traditionally grilled with braised greens, fresh lemon & Cretan olive oil The celebratory lunch was in honor of my friend's retirement- albeit at an early age of 47- to pursue new dreams- and well, continue to inspire others like me! We ended the meal - with the decadentKokkari Sundae- Chocolate & vanilla ice cream with hot fudge, whipped cream & toasted hazelnuts and CHAMPAGNE!So to honor my friend in our continued salute to happy tuesdays, wednesdays and thursdays (we pick days off the week to pursue some celebratory cause) this ever truthful salute to friendship and camaraderie: "Here's to Lying, Cheating, and Stealing... Lie to protect your friends Steal the heart of the one you love and Cheat Death!" It was a Happy Tuesday...PS- Shall we meet for a Happy Wednesday- next week? and celebrate??....;-)
VERY friendly and polite wait staff. Excellent food. Very nice atmosphere inside. I don't know enough about authentic Greek food to critically evaluate the food, but I found it to be very tasty. Great place to take a date for an elegant dinner or for clients on a nice business dinner. I highly recommend it.
I'm half Greek and very picky with my Greek food.....Kokkari is one of my favs!!! Very authentic and I love the ambiance of the restaurant. Although it plays light Greek music in the background, every time I go there I feel like jumping up on the tables and yelling "Opa" while throwing plates on the floor. Prices can be better (they're on the high end), but it's worth it every once in a while!
Lots of tasty shareable dishes, and a fair wine selection. Huge, with nice ambiance.Read my full review at: sibilous.blogspot.com/20
This is probably one of favorite places to go when I feel like having a special dinner with a small group of friends.The food is always delicious, the service is wonderful and the room is cozy & comfortable. Despite all the hustle and bustle of the efficient staff and the chatter of the other patrons, dining at Kokkari is a pleasant, fun and relaxing experience.Be sure to make a reservation and try to get seated in the back room. The front room tends to get packed with people waiting for tables and having drinks at the bar. The menu has plenty to choose from, so you'll find something tasty no matter what your tummy is hungry for. The Kalamata Pita delicious and fun to say. The kitchen also does a great job with lamb and octopus.
4.5From a foodie, this place was amazing. Perfect if you want to order a few dishes and share them w/your sig other to try a bunch of really delicious items.I am definitely planning on coming back here and bringing my foodie friends.
Hmmm......one of the best in town. This place was recommended to me many times and I stupidly was hesitant about going but am now glad I did and have gone back many times always to be very pleased and leave very satisfied in every way. The Rib Eye is the probably the best steak I've had in S.F., the service is perfect, prompt and professional. Make a reservation as this place is usually packed and you may be turned away.
They could possibly have the best Pita's I have ever tried and the lamb kabob is the tastiest little meat on a stick in the world (probably even including Greece)
Thoroughly enjoyable. A nice series of rooms, an imaginative Mediterranean menu, well-executed, and attentive, friendly service. From the starters I particularly enjoyed the flatbread (basically a pizza) and the whipped caviar. Nicely done fish main course for me; everyone around me enjoyed their mains, as well.
Moussaka accompanied by a glass of pinot noir. There's nothing better!
Moussaka you make my day. Gigante beans you are amazing. Flowerless chocolate cake you complete me. Semolina custard wrapped in Filo dough with mango sorbet on the side you are a delight. Everything was rich and delicious. The service was great. Expensive and worth it. I was able to take some home and have it for lunch today. Then I wrote this review. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to splurge and likes Mediterranean food.
Loved the decor of this restaurant - great date place! Menu was solid, which made it very difficult to choose from. I went with the grill of the day, which wasn't spectacular, but I tried some of the moussakka and it was awesome! Wine list was extensive with a wide price range depending on how much you want to spend on your date. ;-) While you're there, check out the bathrooms! You have to take an elevator to get to them!
Kokkari's atmosphere is great and their food is alright. I'd be happier if it were the other way around, but so it goes. Then again, I decided to get a little adventurous and eat a tongue. I also checked out a few tamer foods (saghanaki, dolmathes, etc) and they were okay. Not outstanding. I'll probably go somewhere else the next time I'm looking for Greek food in the Financial District.
What I love most about Kokkari, besides their delicious food, is the wonderful service. Despite the restaurant being packed on a Saturday night, we are always treated graciously and warmly..from the valet to the hostess..to the server...they all make our dining experience enjoyable and our evening out very special...Although we drive an hour or so to get here, we have become regulars at Kokkari knowing that we will be delighted with the tempting and tasty dishes and exceptional service! Try the lamb shank, rib eye, any fish special and the watermelon feta salad....whatever you try....you will be very pleased!
took a client here for lunch. we went at her recommendation and WOW the food was great. its much bigger than it looks from the outside but it was packed at lunch time. i had the lamb chops and they were the best id ever had. portions are a bit small but theres no doubting the taste and quality of the food. my guest had the halibut and she throughly enjoyed the as well. i will definitely be back in the future. id like to try the dinner menu. -1 star for a very unpleasant hostess. besides her the service was stellar. her attitude definitely took away from the overall experience.
great place! food was delicious. plenty of vegetarian options. the location, ambience, the food, everything is top notch. why just 4 stars? well, lets just say there are a lot of quality restaurants in this price bracket!
oh my goodness - I have never had Greek food like this before. The atomosphere was comfortable and upscale, the service was amazing and the food - outta this world! I went with one of my best girlfriends for her after civil ceremony dinner and it was delightful. The appetizers were delicious - even the small fried fish (they waiter nick named them fish fries instead of french fries) were amazing. The sauces with pita breads were a must. I had the roast chicken for dinner and it was fresh and flavorful. Go, go, go!
this place is romantic, in a masculine way.that said, if kokkari were a man...he'd have a head of brown wavy hair, dress in a beige linen suit with a pink striped shirt, and wear brown loafers...kokkari would pick you up in his dark blue saab convertible (top down, of course) and bring you yellow daisies...oh, kokkari, you sweep me off my feet!
I love this place! The food is great and exotic. The lady who served us know her wine very well despite her self proclaim minimal knowledge in the menu, we were totally 'woah' over by the details.My favourite mezethe is the grilled octopus! It is grilled to perfection not too chewy and melts in your mouth. A defnite must eat! I cannot remember the main dish I had, it was a 'catch of the day' fish air flown from Greece. It was super delicious and there were 2 styles of cooking it, fried in a batter or grilled. The whole fish is served and full of bones, the best way and fastest way to eat it is fried. My partner had the lamb chops and it was super delicious too! He was done so quickly with his main dish! We had the Yiaourti Granita and the Baklava for dessert. I love the Granita!!!!! So refreshing, light and not too sweet! The Baklava was light and fluffy! Kokkari is on my 'to go' list for special occassion!
I'm obsessed with Kokarri. I LOVE the atmoshere, the wine list, the waiter/waitresses, the location, oh yeah the food. I usually don't want to talk when I eat there because I can only concentrate on how delicious the food is. Eggplant artichoke skewer will blow your mind. Kokarri sundae is incredible. The moussaka is amazing. One time I went there they had duck dolmas as a special, which was the best! They only have it if the duck the night before doesn't sell out- and it always does. So alas, never any duck dolmas. Ask for it anyway thought just in case!
This place is absolutely as good as it gets!
The pinnacle of greek food in the bay area. Everything on the menu is terrific - from the smelts, to the greek salad, to the moussaka, to the greek yogurt for dessert. Decor is fabolous - as is the clientele. Ran into a un-named SF mayor on a date last time i was there.Also be sure to try the greek coffee - more espresso than coffee but a nice pick me up before a night on the town.If you haven't been here - you are missing out on one of the truly great SF restaurants
YUM. I ate here recently for a business dinner and was very impressed. Warm space, attentive staff and the food was amazing! We had the pita breads-- which came with 3 different types of hummus to go along. You really canNOT go wrong with hummus! Gigantes-- which are huge beans with a tomato sauce were out of this world. I could probably have just eaten that and still been happy. The Moussaka was rich- you feel guilty eating it, but it's just too good to be bad! (or is it??) I also had a fish with heirloom tomatoes-- a special of the day-- which was excellent.I'm sure it was pricey-- its a higher end restaurant, but it was on the company so I can't complain! Someone take me there again! ;)
Wowzer. Greek food is always good, but I've only had it cheap. Kokkari made it into a world-class dining experience. Everything was quite fantastic, but the moussaka was the best of all. The potatoes were quite good as well.We went for a corporate lunch there. Pro: Company pays, so you can order the good stuff. Con: You eat so much rich, heavy food that you fall into food coma back at your desk.
I'm in love. And the restaurant's name is Kokkari. Now I finally know what I've been missing out on all these years. It's bliss, pure bliss!!!
Love the setting, the appetizers were excellent (I have the smelt and lamb riblets). Even though I didn't have a distinctively Mediterranean dish as a main course, rib eye. However, the seasoning was AMAZING (a strong olive oil base). The semolina custard with figs was a fantastic close the meal. Overall I was VERY happy with my first outting to Kokkari.
The food, the ambiance, the wine, the dessert, the service. Wow. Excellent date spot.
This is a great place to eat. I really can't say more. The leadership at this restaurant really takes care of the staff and it shows. Very nice people and great food that will take you to some very comfortable places. Savory and warm plates combined with fresh bounce off your face dishes. It is a very balanced environment. Go and enjoy!
I really liked the ambiance and location of this restaurant. Very hip older 20s and young 30s scene. The food was good but not "oh my god...out of this world!!!!" I enjoyed their appetizers more than I did their entrees but that always seems to be the case with me and Greek food. The wine and desserts were fantastic. Overall a good restaurant....still waiting for a Greek restaurant to WOW me.
not only are the waiters polite (and cute!), the food is sooooo amazing. if i had a one last meal to eat before I had to leave SF, I would go to Kokkari. I never can decide between the moussaka or the lamb chops so i usually get the lamb chop appetizers to start but even that isn't enough lamb for me sometimes!oh save room for dessert. the baklava is delicious with the homemade ice cream!
We had a great lunch here a couple weeks ago, on a day when it was warm enough for them to open all the windows. I highly recommend picking a sunny day, as the atmosphere felt authentically Greek! The souvlaki's (think shishkabobs) were quite tasty, though it was missing some balance since I can't eat the pita's and there was no other side with it. Next time I will be sure to get a side as well. The flourless chocolate cake was FABOO.
Kokkari is a decent restaurant, but a bit overrated in my opinion. Maybe my expectations were a bit high ..The food was okay, but everything was so darn salty!The ambiance was definitely the highlight of this place - it's beautiful.I will probably not be making a trip back here in a while, not because I didn't like the place. The place just didn't blow me away, and there are too many other great restaurants out there to try in this great city.
Food: just OK; Service: too snobby; Crowd: by far the most negative aspect of this place is the crowd-totally corporate. If you want to feel like you are at a board meeting of AT&T this is the place for you. If on the other hand you want some fresh air....go else where. Also way too overrun.
We stopped in Kokkari for a drink and a bite on a Friday evening inspired by what we had read in other reviews. Now, while I never consider a weekend evening to be fair for the objective evaluation of city dining spots, I must say that Kokkari left me yearning for more. Having had the pleasure of living in and visiting communities with large and vibrant Greek populations, and having dined in both white tablecloth and greasy spoon iterations of their restaurants, Kokkari paled in comparison. From the "flameless" saganaki, to the suburban mall decor, I am inclined to pursue my Mediterranean foodie needs elsewhere.
"the Boss" is an idiot... this place rocks live EVERYBODY says! :) cant wait to go there again! K
whereas the chefs at kokkari are undisputed masters of the cooking and preparation of their chicken, beef and (most aptly) lamb dishes, their shortcomings are resounding in the vegetarian department. with few options and even fewer -desirable- options, this downside harks back to a patron's culinary theory - does a restaurant have to be good at -everything-? with the exception of steakhouses and seafood eateries, the answer would have to be yes. well-roundedness is easily worth two more stars.to make matters worse, all of my three visits to kokkari were on my firm's tab. essentially, if faced with the decision of having to choose my free meal of choice, i would stand by my aversion of this joint and head over to globe in a second.
I absolutely love everything about this place! The food is so tasty (and the proportions are on the slightly bigger side) and they have an excellent wine selection. The wait staff are extremely knowledgeable about the menu and always make great suggestions (for food and wine both). The ambiance is lovely and I even loved the masculine, rustic decor. Try the octopus salad if you're feeling a little adventurous. Or the whole fish for just a good, hearty meal. I love the consistency of Kokkari - from the staff to the menu - I always look forward to dining here and I've yet to be disappointed.
Def overpriced, but the food is really good. I just wish I was paying about half of what I am paying for it. Zucchini cakes are awesome, as is the Saganaki and the lamb. However, the staff is a bunch of pretentious a--holes, I went to pick up my bosses lunch once on a casual Friday, I was not dressed poorly, just a sweater, jeans, and flats, and I was all but ignored, made me reconsider my opinion.
So I came here with a group for a friends birthday the other night. We had a bunch of apps. I can't say any of them really stick out, maybe the calamari, but basically pedestrian. I will say the meatballs tasted like the meatballs I would have at an italian restaurant, so whats the big deal(I didn't choose for us to get meatballs, but I will try them, and I would hope for some more greek twist).Entrees were nice, but again, for the price and reputation, I expect more. the lamb special was far from special, and looked like a pile of meat of a plate. The service was very ummemorable. our waitress was the most boring waitress i've ever had, and at a fine establishment i expect a better quality or server, show some personality.as for ambiance, the rooms are big and loud, no mediterranean romance here. i did like having a table next to an open window, but that won't make my meal(though my friend exiting the restaurant via the window may have been the highlight of the whole experience!)
I've always wanted to try this place and was not disappointed. It's a festive  atmosphere, particularly on Friday's. Both the halibut and roasted duck were excellent and the lamb riblet's were delicious. I wanted to try the entire menu. I'm glad dad picked up that tab.
Probably one of the BEST restaurants I have ever been to. Although it took me a LONG time to get reservations, it was totally worth the wait. The atmosphere transports you into Greece and the staff would have you believe you are really there. Our waiter was hilarious and very accommodating.... we had the traditional fried cheese for an app and I had the tomato and olive salad for an entree. DELICIOUS! My friend had the roast chicken and said it was absolutely to die for. Everything was perfect.. and they even brought out dessert for my birthday! It was truly one of the best nights I had.
2nd time we were here--again blew me away. Trust me, I'm very critical and love food more than the average person and Kokkari never fails to impress me. I was so annoying, I was permanently "MMMmmmmmmmmm oh my god mmmmmmm oh my god"-ing for an hour and a half. Get the tzatziki. You'll be hooked!
shrimp: delish but tangy with tomato sauce.grilled calamari: it was stuffed with feta cheese - interesting but couldn't take too much. pita bread with feta dipping: yuuuuum.oven roasted chicken: juicy and very flavorful.very authentic place (haha, my first mediterranean experience actually, but i thoroughly enjoyed it!) i thought for the ambiance, portions, and good eats - the price was acceptable - not fancy smancy not worth it kinda expensive.
After eating hummus, tzatziki, and several other wonderful Greek dips at Kokkari, I am embarrassed to stay that I still buy pita and "Greek" dips from my local grocery store. The dips at Kokkari are fresh and flavorful, and pair nicely with the warm house made pita. If you eat meat, you have to try the Lamb! Attentive service, delicious food for a classy restaurant.
I've eaten here twice in the past year and have had two amazing dinners. i absolutely love the food and the ambiance!
Amazing food. Great ambiance. Favs - Napa Goat. Yogurt honey desert. Make your reservations well in advance.
Mmmm.... mezes. I just had a crappy dinner elsewhere, and it made me reflect on my two delightful visits to Kokkari. The service here is great, the prices, while steep, are reasonable for the quality. I love the lamb and orzo and the moussaka is a must. Two thumbs (and two toes) up!
dad was coming into town for one night, and you know what that means. we aint getting no mission burritos. dad, who has dined in the finest restaurants all over the world, was counting on me to come up with the dinner spot in SF. i picked kokkari (thanks, yelp!)it was absolutely perfect. not too romantic, cuz that'd be weird. not too stuffy, cuz that's just lame. and not too cheap, because dad was paying :)we got 3 appetizers: "gigante" white beans in tomato sauce: delish. roasted beats with feta: perfect. spanakopita: filo dough is so underrated. i saw about a dozen more appetizers that i would have loved to try. lots of veggie options, too!dad got a fish dish, which was mouthwateringly good. i ordered ravioli with artichokes and olives, but by that time i was kind of olived-out because i'd been snacking on the ones they bring to your table with the bread. but that was my own fault. the dish was amazing and beautifully presented. dessert was thick, creamy greek yogurt with honey and dates and nuts. oh dear lord, did i really say i was on a diet? our table had a standing lamp next to it, which was a nice, warm touch. a large fireplace was burning in the background. there were oriental rugs on the floors. very comfortable, yet rustic ambiance. minus one star because i felt like our waiter was rushing us. sorry, but dad's in town for one night only, we're paying nearly 200 bucks for this meal, and darnit, we're taking our time.
Awesome greek food. Better than anything I've ever had in Greece. Lamb and grilled octopus are excellent.
I came here w/ co workers for lunch & I want to rave about this place but i really don't have anything to rave about...the food was decent but nothing to write home about, maybe I just didn't order the right thing. The service really wasn't that attentive and he was sort of a smart ass as well...
I've been here several times and everything I had was wonderful. The egg-lemon soup and the lamb souvlaki stand out in my mind as especially delicious, and the branzino... well I'm not a cooked fish person to begin with, but this dish... it's just to die for. Amazing use of spices and olive oil that make it buttery and fragrant. Unfortunately it was a special but if they do have it on the menu, I highly recommend it.
Just had lunch here after several fantastic dinners in the past. I don't repeat that often and given the number of times I've been to Kokkari it certainly merits as one of my favorite restaurants in SF. Kokkari has the combination of beautiful, relaxed, comfortable, great service, and great Mediterranean food that works for me over and over again. Today we had roasted octopus (very fresh, perfectly cooked) and another starter of olives and feta (and the feta was actually GOOD - so often bitter and salty) - and then I had the whole roasted branzino, served with a nice pile of cooked greens and a little tureen of EVOO-based sauce. The fish was so tasty that it didn't need any sort sauce, but it was nice to have anyhow, and again the fish was *perfect*. Branzino is so good it's hard to totally fuck up, but this was so nicely done, I even ate the skin. Greek coffee to finish is a nice changeup from espresso. Part of what I like about Kokkari is that the cuisine is very much Mediterranean (great fish, seafood, lamb, plenty of veggies, lots of olive oil) minus the pasta focus and plus a little more of a savory/spicy kick that you'd get with Italian, for example. This is the kind of food that I make myself (not nearly as well), and could eat every day. Great place especially for a business lunch or dinner, or a special date or birthday, but I'd go back any time. Never fails, super solid place, let's hope they stick around for a long time.
Service and food were excellent on all of my visits. If you are an olive oil lover this is the place to be.
Can you say "Best Greek Restaurant in San Francisco!"? I have eaten there about half a dozen times and I can honestly say I have not had one bad item on this menu. Great atmosphere, wonderful, uniquie dishes and just down right fantastic. Great place to take clients as well as they will treat you like Kings and Queens.
I have been dining here for years and it has always been my favorite place to spend a special occasion. The lamb chops are my favorite and the lemon chicken soup. My husband loves the rib eye always cooked to perfection. Surprisingly every time I go the wait staff treats us very well I asked jokingly for an extra lamb chop on the dish and he ordered an extra one no problem. I thought he was joking but I got it. Like I said I love this place.
Mmm...great service, fresh seafood, yummy tzaziki, delicious yogurt sorbet, what more could a neo-hellephile ask for? Gorgons notwithstanding, nothing bad has ever come out of Greece. And Kokkari is certainly no exception.
Awesome, never a bad meal and have been here several times now. Its a great place to go and when the windows are open it really adds to the atmosphere.
I got taken to Kokkari for lunch. I was prepared to be underwhelmed, uninspired, unimpressed. You see, most Mediterranean places tend to be on the bland side for my tastes -- lots of garbanzo and yogurt sauces and hummus and ... and ... and ...You get the picture.But my friends, at this time I'd like to apologize for all the times I've ever lambasted Mediterranean food in the past. All that time, I should've been hating the sinner, not the sin. And Kokkari may just be my favorite place in the City now.Start with decor. Tasteful, subdued, appropriate for a business lunch, a quiet meal out, a romantic evening -- pretty much anything outside of a White Castle and a booty call. And the food? My friends, the appetizers alone are worth the price of admission. My lamb chops were braised to perfection, the meat practically falling off the bone and melting in my mouth. An absolutely brilliant meal.Service? Top-notch. I'd expect no less.
Wow. Busy even on a Tuesday night at 5:30.We reserved the private room - Oenos - in the back. For a party of 25ppl, we well met the minimum of $2k of food and beverage. Cons: room was tight for 25. We were sitting elbow to elbow. Pros: Pvt room blocks out the noise level outside pretty well.Servers were great. Generally nice (even though one lady looked grouchy) and professionally. What's up with taking the elevator down one floor to go to the bathroom?Appetizers (Mezethes):Kalamata Pita - flatbread of caramelized onion, Kamalata olives, Myzithra & Parmesan...this dish was okay, sweet and salty kinda don't mixOctopodaki tou Yiorgou - grilled octopus w/ lemon, oregano & olive oil...okay, so I didn't actually get to eat this dish since it didn't make it to me =( but I heard it was delishSoutzoukakia - grilled meatballs w/ oregano & orange on tomato-green olive compote...YUM!!!Spanakotiropita - traditional filo pies of spinach, feta, leeks & dill oregano & olive oil...what i liked: flaky crust, served hot; what i wanted: to be more filled, wasn't stuffed enoughSalad (Salata):Horiatiki - "classic Greek salad" tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, onion, oregano, olives & feta....YUM!! very refreshing. LUV this saladEntrees (Kirio Piato):Thalasina - pan roasted fillet of white fish with olive tapende...found a but salty. even took off the skin but still a little too salty for my taste.Arnisia Paidakia - lamb chops w/ lemon & oregano..okay it's hard to go wrong with chops. YUM! had 2 pieces =)Makaronia me Horta - ravioli of greens & feta w/ artichokes & roasted Greek peppers....not a fan. again too salty (am i getting old?)Dessert (Glyka): Baklava - traditional walnut & honey baklava w/ vanilla-praline ice cream....oh. my. god. SO delish. prefect ending in my mouth! I would def come back to try the other dishes.
Great service, good food. Good atmosphere. Went there for a corporate dinner. The only thing that cost them a star is that the front dining room smelled like burning dung.
I had a pleasant experience here but I'm not sure how you couldn't. The inside is very inviting and although our table was right next to another couple dining I never heard any of their conversation and I'm sure they didn't hear ours. Nothing is worse than being on a date and you know the people next to you are listen and vice versa. The waitor was very good and very patient as we took a long time to even decide on a cocktail. Oh he also spouted off Vodka drinks because I couldn't think of what i wanted. I LOVE that. We shared a bunch of appetizers and an entree and everything was good. Flatbread, greek salad and the zucchini cakes to be exact. The chicken was our entree and it was also very delicious. Great spot for a date, a company party or any other special occasion.
The meze and the lamb chops are great! I never order anything but the Greek food (BF ordered an ahi burger at a business lunch = strange), and I always enjoy it.  The bar's nice, too.
I love this place! Never had a bad meal here. Feta and olives are delicious, and the best pita and tzatziki I've ever tasted. Every dish I've tried has been amazing. I quite like the veggie ravioli, and for lunch the chicken souvlaki. Generous attentive service. Never once had to wait for a table while just showing up with less than 4 people.
Great rustic/romantic ambience with fireplace included roasting whatever the special of the day is. The food was delish and the service was above excellent! Great wine selection too.
Mmmm yum! Finally a Greek restaurant that lives up to it's tradition. This place has nice ambiance, good service and good food. The halibut was great and the Spanakopita was made almost to perfection (sorry mine is better), wasn't crazy about the fried smelts. But I have to say I'm picky when it comes to Greek food -- being Greek myself. I went there with a small party and we ate in the downstairs wine cellar. It was perfect, small and cozy, great wine selection. Check out the Greek yogurt for dessert. Overall I was very pleased with my dining experience here.
Last week, I went TWICE in 3 days. A friend took me, we sat at the bar. Had an amazing meal, great service and the food came out super quick. I was also with a friend who was in from LA, and she said hands-down, it was one of the best Rib-Eyes she had ever had in her life. I came back 2 days later, with another set of friends. We sat towards the back at a big friendly table. The drinks were delicious, great atmosphere, and everyone loved the food! It was one of the best group dining experiences I have had in a while in SF. Our server was a charming older greek man, and he was so helpful..he even brought me out an extra napkin when he saw me slurping my ice cream sundae from the glass.
I dont even know why I'm bothering on this one. Seems like everyone is on the same page here. Great warm atmosphere. The food is magnif. and the service is propa! The server pointed me in the direction of the lamb shank after I aksed betw. the house spec. lamb chop or the ever tender and meaty shank? Succulent to the bone. No need for the Greek coffee though afterwards...it's kinda gritty.
I am obsessed with this restaurant - the food is amazing (lamb chops/whole seabass/greek salad) and can highly recommend the prawns and feta to start. It isn't cheap - I'm always amazed at the bill - but the service and food is worth every penny.
great place.....great food. i never eat dessert and we got dessert because we were soo happy with our meal so far. one of the best places i've been to in san francisco.
One word describes Kokkari:FRAUD. My husband and I and another couple were there last night for dinner. This is a "Greek" restaurant which has only one brand of retsina on its wine list. With the exception of the fried zucchini flowers, all of the dishes we had (about 16 various ones from appetizers to deserts) were either excessively accommodated to and reconfigured for American tastes (e.g., galaktoboureko with pineapple and coconut;ouzo sorbet;rice pudding the consistency of paste, etc.) and/ or very poorly prepared (e.g., overdone, undrained, tasteless greens; greasy, rubbery smelts; dry, stinky, tasteless fish--both main course varieties; overly-spiced lamb shank with overdone, overly-spiced orzo, etc., etc., etc.) . This is certainly not authentic Greek food by any stretch of the imagination. Moreover, the prices for these faux Hellenic delicacies were absurdly high considering the poor quality of the fare. It is our opinion that this establishment is of the trendy, vacuous variety, an evening's amusement for the very naive and pretentious;a popular stage on which to see and be seen, a in short, a social scene pretending to be a restaurant.  It makes one both angry and ashamed to be a Greek.  Shame on the owners, if they are Greeks, which I frankly doubt. They are certainly taking the San Francisco eating public for a ride.
I was treated to dinner the other night. Good service and good food.
The other reviewers have described this place pretty accurately: it's full of the older white collar financial district crowd. It feels like a power-lunch, power-dinner type of restaurant. It's a small space with a pretty cozy feel -- maybe a little too cozy since the tables are pretty close together. I wouldn't bring a super large group here. The food is pretty good but not exceptional. It's what I would expect from a nice restaurant. I think people should try it at least once. I recommend.
I came here for an intimate dinner for my birthday. We sat by the fireplace. The chairs were extra cushy and heavy but comfortable. I ordered the special of the day: Duck. The bf ordered the mossaka. It was not gamey at all. Although it's been 5 months since I've been there, I highly reccomend this place for cozy annivesary dates. =)
Definitely caters to the bombastic Business District crowd with the bland and overpriced, uninspired entrees. The appetizers are good, but some are hit an miss (avoid the flavorless large white beans). Dessert was OK; the baklava was actually not good, but the wrapped custard was divine. Service was discreet and without attitude.
uh huh for sure it's wooohooo as good as it gets. This place is awesome, their grilled items are perfectly grilled and seasoned. I've had practically all of their appetizers and loved them all especially the tzatziki, it's sooo good and fresh. Their entrees are also awesome, they had this roast pork dish i think (sadly not anymore, why iono) it's the best. The taste is also quite authentic to what i've had when i was in Greece. I think the thing they got going for them is the way they seasoned their food and their style of grilling, which makes sense since that's what greek food are known for...way to gooooooooooooooo oh it's pricey but definitely WORTH it!!!
Great atmosphere, great service and a slew of great appetizers! , my favorite is the BBQ squid. Wine recommended was so good. Busy for a monday nite, and everything was fresh and consistent. Not one complaint. Im coming back
The place to be. Take your date here for a fun night out.
Still one of my favorite dining experiences in San Francisco. You walk in and you are whisked away to another time and place with the giant fireplace with grilled meats rotating on the spit. The ambiance is warm, rustic and refined. The food is no different as each bite is soothing to the soul. An extensive selection of wine is available as evidenced by the countless bottles scattered around the restaurant. I've gone several times, but most recently we started out with about four or five of the small plates including the grilled octopus, grilled stuffed calamari, grilled meatballs (there are in fact non grilled dishes on the menu I think!), zucchini cakes, and spanakotiropita. The first three were fantastic. The octopus was cooked as octopus should be prepared but so rarely is. If you've never had octopus properly cooked, it shouldn't taste rubbery but should instead be tender and soft. The calamari stuffed with feta, fennel, orange and black olives works. The orange adds a unique citrus flavor to the mix. The meatballs were also excellent. Our vegetarian friend wasn't impressed with the zucchini cakes, but enjoyed his spanakotiropita.For our entrees we were in heaven with the lamb souvlaki (delicious ground lamb skewered and grilled served with warm pita), the short ribs taverna style (mouth-watering short ribs that melted in our mouths with an outstanding risotto), and the must-have moussaka. They were out of pastitsio, the Greek version of lasagna, that day unfortunately. If you dine at Kokkari, you MUST and I mean MUST order the Galaktoboureko for dessert. It's so damn good! Trust me, even if you're stuffed and in pain, which you will be, order this and you'll thank me later.Sister restaurant Evvia (the original) in Palo Alto is also a winner in my book.
I always thought very highly of Kokkari until my last experience there. Friends had told me that the service could be sketchy, but I didn't believe it until it happened to me.We ordered a $45 bottle of white wine, slightly above the average cost of their whites. The server returned w/ the bottle and a fellow employee she claimed was an "expert on Greek wines," suggesting maybe we'd like to try a Greek wine instead. He described 2 wines, 1 of which was more similar to the wine we had just ordered. My friends and I looked at each other: "sure, why not?" We didn't have the wine list in front of us, nor did the server offer the price of the wine. Of course, I should have asked but didn't think she'd up-sell us too highly.And I was wrong. In the end, the wine was average and I paid $80 for it. For a freakin mediocre white wine.My bad for not asking, but as far as I'm concerned, totally unethical on her part. Don't make the same mistake I did.
I made reservations for a bday dinner and the reservationist was really cool about accomodating our party of 11. On the day of our dinner, everyone was running a bit late so I called the restaurant to let them know. Our reservations were at 6 and when I called, the hostess said the reservations were at 5:45, not 6. She was a bit argumentative as I was 100% positive that our reservations were at 6. So, I'm first to arrive at the restaurant and the hostess is again a bit rude. She proceeds to tell me that our group needs to be out of there in two hours. I was a bit annoyed as I felt as though she didn't want our group eating there.So, we finally get seated and the waiter was wonderful. He practically erased the bad experience we had with the hostess. He was really nice about the rest of our party running late. The food was ok. Not that memorable. The restaurant has a really great warm feeling. I enjoyed that.
This place is awesome. Love the food, atmosphere and service.I was particularly surprised by their steak. I think it was comparable to the steak you'd find at Morton's or Bobo's.
This is my business lunch spot. Never dissappoints, just delicious all the time. Love the appetizers with the homemade pita bread and spreads, a must-get! I always order the lamb, which they change up the preparation with for people like me, lamb kabobs, lamb pita, etc. All mouth watering! The gigantes and meatballs are also good. If you have time, the moussakka rocks. Ok, everything does, just go here if you like greek or mediterrean food! You can also get take-out for lunch catering.
Kokkari's comfy setting (fireplace and wood, Jackson Square) and fabulous menu makes for a fun outing and is a spot for great get-togethers... for an anniversary, which got a nearby couple from Texas (who love San Francisco, I know -- go figure) to share their bottle of wine... for a night out which got the chef (now fired) to gift our table of eight with a bottle of ouzo as an after-dinner treat... and as a dinner destination for a team dinner after all-day training.
Outstanding food and an excellent atmosphere. The fish is always delicious and I love the Greek Spreads appetizer. My favorite restaurant in SF.
Everything was very good, wait staff great. Greek food isn't at the top of my list of fav foods. But this place does it right.
Great dining room and atmosphere. Appetizer menu is all you need to look at. The variety is outstanding. Had the Rack of Lamb, prepared very well. Fiancee had the sea bass. Sides were a little different but good flavor. Overall a good place to take out of town guests.
awesommmmmeeeeeeeedropped in for my 26th birthday... the pita bread: hella good. kalamari girlled with cheese in it... it has cheese INSIDE! goat stew, a little sweet but still good. lamb chops: THE BEST FREAKIN LAMB I HAD IN MY WHOLE LIFE. place is a little dark..mom and dad cant see well in the dark ...but it's the perfect place to bring a date... drinks though are pricy. ... 11 for hendriks and gin, 9 for a jameson. hella luxorious.
Food is delicious... Atmosphere is great, very warm and cozy and elegant. Waiters are friendly. Order the smelts. Everything there is delicious. You cant go wrong!update: May 2007Went for a graduation lunch. We asked to be seated at a better table, and the staff was more than willing to accommodate. We ordered the Octapothi (octopus), tirosalata (yumm), tzanziki, lamb riblets (the absolute best!), the lamp chops (even better!), the bean dish, some kind of shrimp appetizer, vegetable skewers- for dessert, try the sorbet icecream, the galaktoboureko... food was plentiful and very yummy... Not super impressed with the Kalamari (its not fried, so I would just go for the octopus instead)... and the smelts werent as good this time around, but still a favorite...
Kokkari you are in my Top 10 Restaurants in SF list. Definitely favorite Greek. Tops. You will stay at 5 until you do something naughty.
this place is awesome. period. if they have the roasted lamb (the one thats been spinning over an open fire for the last 6 hours)get it. all the appetizers are excellent - and i do mean all of them.. the lamb riblets, all of the dipping pita sauces (especially the one with blended poblano peppers and feta cheese), the meatballs, the fried cheese!! good lord the fried cheese is the best thing ever.entrees are equally as orgasmic. the house specialty - the lamb chops, understandably a house favorite. basically anything lamb is off the hook, ive also had the ribeye - and it too was incredible. ive brought every person i like to this place and ive only had one retard say he didn't think it was that great. im completely sold.
Aside from its nice decor and the food, we had the nicest waitress that wrapped up the experience as a 4 Star. Even though I remember my experience to be superb, I can't quite remember what the heck we ate except that it was good, so I give it a minus 1 Star. What does that mean for me? It means that the food WAS good... but nothing really stood out for me as excellent that I'd die to go back for. OH, one thing I DO remember and WILL go back for was the dessert. It was some frozen strawberries with yogurt ice cream? Anyway, THAT was SO good. Don't skip dessert because you'll regret it! And yes, I must agree with Elena on the slippery floors because I know I hadn't been drinking and I had to walk flat to make sure I didn't slip. Oh, and their elevator to the lower level bathroom opens and closes really fast, so be careful!
Amazing restaurant. We were about 15-20 minutes early for our 8:00 reservation, but went anyway and were able to be seated early. Our server was very nice, knowledgable, and gave excellent recommendations. We started with the Octopodaki tou Yiorgou (grilled octopus) and Aginares Souvlaki (grilled artichoke & eggplant skewers). The octopus was good. A little chewy, but maybe octopus is always a little chewy. I don't really have anything to base it on. The yogurt that came with the skewers was really good! For my entree I had the Arnisia Paidakia (grilled lamb chops). I had heard that they are famous for their lamb dishes, so I had to order it. They were so right. My lamb was delicious! My (yelper) friend had the night's special which was a pork t-bone. It was huge! Not surprisingly, he didn't finish it. We saved room for dessert and split a fruit tart and the custard wrapped in filo. Both of them were soooo good. I'd go back just to have the desserts again. The ride to the bathroom is interesting too. It's a good thing my friend went to the bathroom first, otherwise I probably wouldn't have found it. Who'd have thought to go down a corridor, ride an elevator down to the basement, and then hunt for the bathroom? They have very nice bathrooms though!
I'm feeling a bit torn about Kokkari's as this was my 2nd visit and not as great as the first. Don't get me wrong - the ambiance & service was & is spectacular! What got me was the food. I ordered the halibut and it was dry & lacking flavor even though I made use of the lemon that was served with my dish. My 1st visit was dinner service and I recall the food being just as spectacular as the service however this visit was during lunch and maybe it was an off day? I will definitely be back but will avoid their halibut.
Absolutely delicious! Some of the items on the menu looked a little questionable, but they tasted outstanding.I am not a lamb kinda lady but the lamb chops are to die for! Get lots of appetizers and only order one main dish, since they are quite large to begin with. You won't regret it...
You can get carry out from Kokkari! Sometimes the restaurant is just too packed but i was surprised to learn that Kokkari has take out. Meatballs were awesome and the Tzatziki was fantastic. This place is consistently one of the best in SF.
The food was okay but the bar tender had a nasty attitude. I got the linguini with lamb; the bread was good. He did not even have the courtesy to welcome me as a guest, or introduce to the specials, etc. He seemed like a real work of art. I don't think I'm going to go to this place anytime soon!
Amazing Greek food! worth every penny! I liked the lamb chops and moussaka
Not bad, but at the same time nothing special either. The food was overpriced for the quality provided. Will not go back unless someone else is paying, just not worth the time and money
First of all, the place SMELLS amazing. You walk in and your mouth starts watering. Arrived about an hour early, planning to have some drinks anfd hopefully get seated before our reservation. Only had to wait 20 minutes.Had the calamari, artichokes, lamb shank, and duck special. Everything was really good.Minus one star for spotty service - our waiter vanished when it was time to pay for like 20 minutes,
I used Yelp to find this place to meet a friend for lunch and it was spot on. We had 4 appetizers: zucchini cakes, grilled octopus, grilled meatballs, and the Brussels sprouts. Then, we split the Tuesday special: the pork sandwich which I felt ended up being a gourmet gyro. I also had a glass of Chianti and my friend had a white which now eludes me. Everything was spectacular with a very helpful and friendly staff. The bill came out to about $75 but it was worth every penny. I was so satisfied I didn&#8217;t even need to eat dinner that evening!
Service- 5 starsFood- 4 starsSaghanaki- goodFakes Supa- goodChef's special of seabass with potatoes-seabass presented as whole fish, not much flavor, but potatoes and olives were very good.Overall a good experience, great ambiance, great service, decent experience.
I have dined at Kokkari many times and my all time favorite is the braised short rib with pearl onions and orzo pasta. The meat is so tender that it almost melts in my mouth! Today I also had zucchini cake with yogurt dip for appetizer. It is very refreshing. This restaurant provides prompt and excellent service. The quality of the food is consistent. It is a great place to go for a business lunch or a romantic dinner for special occasions.
gooooooood foodsorry this review sucks - i typed up a good one already but yelp ate it. too tired to write it again. here's a quickie:the grilled pita app was delish but the zuchinni cakes were out of this world!!I got the lamb shank and it was very goodi can't comment on the price because my awesome friends treated me :)
I've only been here for lunches, and every occasion has been a pleasure. I've had the several dishes, all equally tasty. Last time I was here with a bunch of friends from a former job, the waiter chose a wonderful white for us and was attentive. Kokkari is a splurge for me, a little above my lunch price point, but worth it every time. We all deserve a little pampering sometimes.
AMAZING FOOD, SERVICE & AMBIANCE and I am 100% Greek eating mom's best greek food in town. Every time I get up to the bay area, I always eat here or at Evvia in Palo Alto( sister restaurant)
I took my bf on a date here and it was a good choice. To start, we ordered the zuchinni cakes and the grilled octopus. Zuchinni cakes (one "cake" each) with the yogurt dressing was delish! Mmmmm I wanted more! I think I had high expectations for the grilled octopus because of everyone else's reviews but I honestly thought it was nothing spectacular. It was good but nothing new to my taste buds. I ordered the rib-eye for my entree and it was cooked the way I wanted. It was seasoned well and also nice and juicy (ordered medium rare). I had to take home half of it because it was a pretty big portion. Bf ordered the rotisserie lamb. We saw it cooking in the fireplace and I didn't think it tasted like how it was being cooked (i don't know if that makes sense). I thought it lacked a little flavor (maybe because I was comparing it to my rib-eye) and needed some kind of seasoning or sauce with it. It tasted more like it was a boiled piece of meat and not a rotisserie. He ate it all so must've been somewhat good. But then again he's not really picky with his food. For dessert we ordered the Sokolatina (flourless chocolate cake). OMG it was sooo good! My favorite dessert. It's a definite must have after your meal. Kokkari is a definite go back restaurant on my list. Next time I go, I will try the lamb chops and see if it lives up to everyone's high marked reviews. I'm in between 3 and 4 stars right now because the rotisserie lamb didn't really wow me. We shall see if they get another star when I go back and try something new on the menu.
I've been to several Mediterranean restaurants in the Bay Area, and this is the tops. I've returned about 5 times. I love the bread/crackers they serve! Excellent trio of spreads for the grilled pita. The smelt is also good appetizer, along with lambchops and the grilled fish. It's just a wonderful dining experience because of the interior decor and ambience, especially for those of us who haven't been to Greece. I'm going to take my Greek friend there to see what he thinks of it!
Phenomenal! This restaurant had great service, great food, great desserts, great appetizers. I came here really hungry, so everything tasted extra good. Greek food is not a strong point for me, but the dishes were amazing. I ordered the roasted sea bass and my bf had the Lamb chops.. both were excellent choices.
Had to put my $0.02 in even though there are already a gazillion reviews because...I'm really not a big fan of Greek food - I don't like lamb and I don't really like olives (but I can handle olive oil!) but ditto to the consensus - food and atmosphere were great! I even tried a bit of lamb and as far as lamb goes for me, it was pretty darn tasty! The prawn appetizer was delish, as was the steak (just the right amount of spices to give it a new twist). We shared a few appetizers and a main dish - was a great way to go. Will have to bring my dad here...he - unlike me - loves lamb and is rather difficult to impress food-wise, so...will be a good test! Reservations worked perfectly and service was spot-on - friendly, unpretentious, yet professional.
I. Love. Kokkari. So much so that I celebrated my last birthday there, with a table of 11. You know the big round one in the corner of the main dining room? We camped out there for about two hours, sharing a fantastic array of mezethes, my favorite of which were the Dolmathes, Saghanaki, Spanakotiropita and the platter of different "dips" with pita - the Tzatziki is one of my top five favorite foods. Close to that on the list is Kokkari's Avgolemono (chicken and lemon) soup, followed by their ice cream sundae. Incredible. It's not just the food I love. The restaurant itself has an palpable life to it - a welcoming embrace that says, welcome home - you're family! Now eat! Fantastic service, amazing wines, incredible Greek cuisine. What more could you want? Go!
rather rude on the phone...but thats customer service these days......
Kokkari has amaaaazing food. Really exquisite. I have been here once with a big group when my parents were in town and came back last night with a couple girl friends for a more tapas style experience. Kokkari is great for both settings. Last night, we were seated promptly, our wine was delicious and everything we ordered was perfection. I won't butcher the Greek spelling, but the eggplant and artichoke skewers were to die for as were the lamb riblets. This is one of the best restaurants in the city hands down.
took my girlfriend there to celebrate... excellent -and i mean excellent- service!my lamb shank was fucking fabulous, her fish was good (although not even close to the lamb). some of the best calamari ever...delish desserts.if you got some cash to drop, or are willing to save up for a few mths, check it out.and dress nicely, for god's sake
ok, here we go, adding review # 3567....But this place is goood. Food excellent, ambiance upscale yet cozy. Cool enough for a date or a party. Service very good and all in worth the price you pay.
just like most of the comments about this restaurant, everything is good. we tried 5 appertizers, one salad, and one entree for 2 of us. way too much food but we enjoyed them all. One of the dishes is fried smelts, OMG, it was so good, highly, highly reccommand. many times we enjoy highend restaurants and food, but many times we come out of dinner and feel we could still eat a hotdog or 2. but when we walked out of Kokkari, we were happy and full.  we definately will come back.
This place was great. We came for a work dinner, which was the perfect atmosphere. The staff was tremendously helpful. Only one person at the table had ever been before, so the waiter was great about helping us decide which small plates we should get. I was surprised how fast the food came out- that was the only down side. It felt a little rushed- but other than that, amazing! i'll be back!
I went here tonight and it was great! First off, this restaurant is decorated well, clean, has a fireplace and a proper bar to wait at before you sit or wait at period if you are solo or with friends for drinks. The crowd was mixed from people my parent's age to younger peope in their 20's-30's. I ordered the special lamb and an appetizer of mixed plates. My colleagues ordered the halibut and bronzino fish. All were very good. My lamb could have been more seasoned and more tender, but all in all it was good. The appetizer platter of dips and stuffed greek leaves were very good. The home-made pita bread is outstanding. The waiter was a top-notch professional--I overtipped. I would definitely go back because the atmosphere is relaxing and upscale, the service is fantastic and friendly and the food is good. :-)
I was very excited to have dinner at Kokkari on Saturday, 3/6 and I'm sad to say that I was a bit disappointed. Possibly because of all the great reviews I read about the place. Our server was in the weeds when we were seated so it took a while for us to get our bottle of wine that we ordered. I get very antsy when I'm waiting for my first drink! The food was good - especially the grilled squid but other than that dish I thought the rest was just OK. The potatoes were tasty but they needed a sauce or some tasty salt on them. The flatbread was good but I can get pizza anywhere and that's basically what it was. My husband had the lamb riblets and he did not enjoy them. They were cooked well-done and not to his liking. Maybe that's just his taste but he still didn't care for them. The shrimp with feta had good flavor but the shrimp were a bit overcooked. I did like dipping the bread in the sauce that the shrimp was in though. I don't know if it was an oversight but the bread came out without any butter or dip. The bread was good and worked well with the shrimp sauce but I just thought it was strange.One thing that I found particularly annoying was that the busboys kept trying to clear all the plates before we were through. (I almost slapped one of them when he tried to take that shrimp plate away.) Various busboys must have tried to take plates that still had food on them 4 times. I felt like a guard.The prices were good though - Our bill with a $50 bottle of wine came to $100 and we were pretty full.All in all, it was a nice evening but I won't be heading back.
Kokkari was amazing! My husband I went there and loved everything that we had. The pita was so fresh that it was actually fluffy and warm when it arrived on our table. Lamb shank - fell right off the bone and melted in your mouth and was served along side the best orzo I've ever had. And the baklava literally had an inch high of nuts! That was some seriously delicious baklava :) Not to mention everyone was very friendly.
YUM. Would totally go back. My husband and I had the zuchini cakes to split. I had the chicken dish with potatoes and roasted vegatbales. My husband had the lamb shank. They are LARGE portions. Managed to make a little room for dessert -- baklava with ice cream. So full afterwards but it was great! Will definitely go back.
kokkari is the type of place that will break all your party's food phobias. that person who claims they *never* eat lamb will wind up forcing you to order a second serving of the riblets. the snob who "eeeeewwwssss" at the thought of a little, whole fried fish will devour the crispy smelts. hell, i even convinced my husband to break his pseudo-vegetarian diet in favor of the grilled meatballs. i do have to confess that i have never made it past the appetizers to actually order an entree. i always do tapas here because they are just so good.
Never been for dinner, but I've been for lunch a couple times. Wonderful place to go if you have guests or business associates to take out. The spread platter is great - and the spanikopita and the fried cheese (can't go wrong ever with fried cheese, can we?) are outstanding. The first time I went I got the lamb chops, the second time the lamb souvlaki, and while the souvlaki was good, I was left wishing I had gotten the chops again. They're truly delicious... And even though you might regret it later when you're falling asleep at your desk, just ignore that while you're savoring the deliciousness that is the lamb chop.
I just love the warm atmosphere, always bustling just about all the time. Super service. Great bar to eat at. What more can I say? Lots of local farm ingredients too....
Hands down the best Greek/Mediterranean restaurant in the city. Everytime I have been here has been nothing but remarkable. Prices are a little steep for appetizers but they are definitely worth it. The meat and seafood here is definitely worth every penny. A must try.
Let me start by saying, I am very picky and biased when it comes to Mediterranean food but I have to say the lamp chops here are excellent, though I prefer bigger portions. My boyfriend had the rotisserie lamb, which was OK but not great. This place is perfect for a date or special occasion. Great wine selection, service was excellent, don't forget to try their desserts!
Pricey, but good. The special grilled fish of the day was awesome. The service wasn't great, but the waiter was funny. Blunt, older gentlemen. Someone I'd imagine serving me if I was in Greece.
Yummy appetizers, great ambiance. Being veg, the only entree I could eat was the ravioli but it was still fantastic. Great wine list too.
Had a fab team lunch here! Loved the decor of cream colored walls and wood floors & beams, wrought iron callabras and the spit with a lamb roasting in the big fire. It was set up much like I would imagine an impressive home in Athens would be with a large great room, dining room with long tables and an open kitchen. The appetizers were great (Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata, Tzatziki) and all the dishes were large and impressive... everyone was really pleased with their choice. I had the octopus salad, which was surprisingly tasty and filling with large chunks-o-pus sprinkled over greens, peppers, and served with a light vinaigrette. If you need a kick in the arse to prevent food coma, get a Greek coffee... strong and fragrant. For something sweet, definitely don't turn down the Galaktoboureko (semolina custard wrapped in filo). Hands-down good food in a warm & homey atmosphere!
Overall a great place with a nice ambience and very tasty food. We had a number of different appetizers that were all very good and the service was excellent. Do not forget to get their Sundae, it was great.
This place is great! The food tastes like a Greek grandmother cooked it in a big pot, and then some celebrity chef plated it to make it look fancy and chic... this is not a bad thing. The food is great. The ambiance is great. The prices are.... did i mention the ambiance? Oh well, 2 out of 3 ain't bad. Still gets 5 stars from me.
Really interesting menu, friendly and helpful staff, ample restaurant with sections to break unity and allow for different atmospheres, we were a party of 16 for a birthday so we had pretty much everything on the menu and nothing disappointed. Wine complimented the dishes just fine and desserts were not too heavy or sweet. Great times.
yaaaay. i like it here. i was taken here for my birthday and i really loved it.we started off with spanakopitas, zucchini cakes and the heirloom tomato salad. yum yum. then we had the lemon oregano chicken and the lamb chops. triple yum. had a couple gin and tonics. when dessert rolled around (they were already informed it was my birthday ahead of time) our waiter came around with a slice of rich chocolate cake with a happy candle. on the plate written in chocolate was "happy birthday hannah." SO cute!had a couple ouzo shots to finish off dessert. the waiter was extremely attentive. it was a great dining experience. i never knew i loved mediterranean so much!!! yay!!!
Let me start by saying that up until recently, this was my favorite restaurant in SF. Everything on their menu tastes amazing, the waiters are all very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive, oh, and did I mention the food is amazing? Well, all good things must come to an end, I suppose. My last visit to this restaurant was beyond bad, it actually sent me to the doctor's office. My friend was in town and treating me to dinner. Naturally, I picked my fave restaurant. We sat down, and began munching on their delicious bread. Their bread basket is fabulous, with a variety of breads and always warm. WARNING: do not eat the bread. Kokkari has a big fireplace where there's a bread station and you can see loaves of bread piled up and being cut to be brought to tables. Well, we were seated right next to this fireplace, and I saw my waiter bring our bread basket, which was still half full, place the bread into another basket, and then serve it to another table. STRIKE 1, plus 1, plus 1...The food we ordered was fabulous as always. I highly recommend their fried cheese dish. No, it is not like mozzarella sticks from TGI Fridays. It is this amazing pan fried blend of cheeses that just melts in your mouth. Long story short, we returned home from dinner around 10 p.m. Around 1 a.m., I was asleep on the bathroom floor from all the vomiting, and by the next day, I was at the doctor's office who took me off work for THREE DAYS for what she said was a very severe case of food poisoning. Will I go back, probably. But I will NOT eat the bread.
3.5 StarsService is typically the downfall of most yelp reviews. I refuse to be one of those people that dock the food because of the server had a bad day. Our server was definitely sub-par. First he took our appetizer order. Before he asked for entrees, he awkwardly ran away.  Then the Zucchini cakes. He was kind enough to serve each of us our cakes, by tossing them on our plates. Then he continued to plop the yogurt dressing. So by this time, I thought it was funny and started to giggle. Which possibly made him nervous and then he dropped cucumber slices on the table and left without cleaning it up at all.It ended with him asking if I wanted coffee. After reading about the smancy Greek coffee machine, of course I wanted coffee. He once again ran away. I was able to catch him to tell him that I wanted it sweetened since he never asked. And he responded with 'oh.. you wanted Greek coffee' , well my bad for thinking otherwise. For 5 bucks, half a cup of espresso with sludge on the bottom. SOO not worth it. Maybe a larger cup would help justify it.Perhaps I had very high expectations of this restaurant. I have been wanting to go for the past 4 years. It was disappointing and no way worth it. Maybe I went on a bad night. Maybe the poor service tricked my tastebuds.Humus platter - the cucumber sauce is the same as the zucchini cakes, eggplant one wasn't so good, cod roe -mMM salty humusZucchini Cakes- think falafel with zucchini.Roasted Eggplant and Artichokes - Very nicely done.Moussaka - It reminded me of a cheesy pumpkin pie made with eggplant. When ordered the server reminded us that it was 'DENSE'. Roasted Fish of the day - tasty, moist, and they deboneLamb Chops - well marinatedLamb Shank - Slightly fatty but was nicely executed.Custard in Filo w/ vanilla ice cream - the lemon sauce was too bitter.Rice pudding w/ honey roasted pear - pear wasn't really roasted with honey. More like, poached with honey on top.
I loved everything about this place. From the services to the food and everything in between.If you are looking for Greek food this is the place to go.......so stop reading anymore reviews and get your ass in the car!
This might be my favorite restaurant. The brilliant flavors, the cozy ambience, the enormous fireplace, the intelligent/educated/mature staff ... what more could you want!
My boyfriend is Greek and we come here with his family all the time. Need I say more?
came here last night with dpz... we had reservations for 10pm and we were seated promptly, after having spent 15 minutes or so at the bar. my cosmo was excellent. :)we were taken to the back dining area, which was fine because it was closer to the restroom. it was a bit weird having to use an elevator to get to the restroom, but... whatever... the tables were a bit close to each other, and you could hear everything that the neighboring tables were talking about. we had wine snobs sitting to our left, and i could not wait til they would leave. but we closed up our check before them, so we had to endure their boasting about tasting this-and-that wine from '84... groan.after perusing the menu, we decided that we didn't know greek food at all, and would choose accoring to the descriptions. we got the saghanaki- fried cheese... oooh-wee! then we shared the seafood platter- prawns, mussels, and grilled striped bass. we had a pinot noir with it... damn... i tried to remember it but it tasted like any other pinot, unfortunately. didn't get dessert, but all in all, a good meal. don't know if i'd come back, because i don't eat lamb, and most of the entrees are just that. i'd give a 3.5.
AMAZING!!! One of the best meals I have ever had, top 3 for sure. My husband had the lamb & I had the goat stew. I couldn't tell you the name of the app or dessert we had, but they were great too. Our waiter was outstanding and recommended a great Zin to pair with our meal. Pricey, but worth it. Our total was about $150
I had heard amazing things about this restaurant. I couldn't wait to try the food. The service was very good, however everything I order was very bland. Maybe I went on an off night or ordered the wrong dishes.  After all the amazing revews and recommendation I will probably give it another shot.
The food and restaurant is 5 stars, but I have to take off a star because these guys F-ed up big time!Here's the story: I'd heard great things about Kokkari, so I made reservations ahead of time for me and my BF to celebrate his birthday. I called ahead of time to ask for a "nice" table and specifically asked that they decorate whatever dessert the BF chose at the end of the night with candles and the whole thing to celebrate his birthday. Dinner was fantastic -- amazing fish, and this fried cheese dish -- we couldn't have been more thrilled with the food. So at the end of the meal, they bring out the dessert menu -- he chooses his thing, I choose mine. I'm all excited for the surprise, but when the server brings us our desserts, *NOTHING* -- no candle, no "happy birthday," nada. I was crushed and immediately went up to our waitress to ask what the hell happened, and she was completely embarrassed about the mistake. Meanwhile -- I kid you not -- 2 different tables on either side of us have just gotten their desserts with the whole happy birthday shabang! They tried to make it up by offering to do something after we'd already gotten our dessert plates, but I told them there was no point and that it would just look lame.I still left a large tip knowing that this was really the mistake of the hostess, who didn't do her job, and I didn't have the heart to not tip all the other folks who worked hard to give us a good dining experience.*sigh*
Try the Moussaka. The Moussaka is warm, delicious, and filing. The door man when we entered was unpleasant and the door lady when we were leaving was also oddly cold and condescending in her attitude, but the staff inside were great. The atmosphere is like that of a hearty bodega with gentle overtones. I would give it 5 stars but for the entry and exit, and I would go back there more, but for the entry and exit experience.
Best Greek food in the city!
This place is good but not for the price. It's a gorgeous place and the service is excellent but it is way, way overpriced. The food was by far the last memorable part of the night. I mean it was decent but I expected better. I had the lamb and so did my boyfriend (I had chops, he had shank) and neither of us were super impressed. The spanakopita is really good as is the tzatziki. I would probably go back but it's definitely not going to be one of my regular places.
Kokkari reminded me of being in Greece. It is fine dining but interior is very inviting and warm- they have a beautiful fireplace. My boyfriend took me here on one of our first dates- very romantic. They have a cool wine cellar downstairs and nice bathrooms. The food is wonderful, nice presentation. Love their moussaka, spanakopita as well as their lamb. They also serve greek wines and beers.
Two words (or is it one?) - lamb chops! You want to dine in here, trust me. It's a great experience. Great ambience. Nice cozy location.
Nicole,our server, made our lunch dining experience exceptional! She was very knowledgeable of the menu, a genuine & friendly server and a true asset to Kokkari. We enjoyed the spanakotiropita, gigantes, dolmathes, grilled calamari, grilled octopodaki, four of the yummy greek spreads. All were sensational! Then we moved onto our main courses: the whole grilled fish-Tsipura, Kakavi- a fish and shellfish stew:only drawback is the mussels were way to large - PEI's would have been much better for this dish, marinated chicken soulvaki cooked to perfection, the "to die for" moussaka, and lamb souvlaki. One cannot leave without a bite of dessert to cleanse your palate. We shared the Yiaourti Sorbet - a frozen tangy Yogurt with fruit granita,Yiaourti me Meli - yogurt with honey & nut medley and the cookie plate. The greek coffee's are also nice. We preferred ours without sugar. A grand dining experience!
Dinner at this very upscale, but unpretentious, Greek restaurant was a wonderful treat from my company. We were a little crammed into the back private area and the seating was a bit awkward because they pushed round and square tables together, but it was nice and cozy anyways. We had a filling 4 course meal and the wine was constantly flowing. For the main entree, we all had the grilled lamb chops, roasted chicken and halibut. The chicken was tender and nicely seasoned, the lamb chop was flavorful, however the halibut was overcooked and dry. For dessert, we had the selection of Greek cookies - the baklava was the best. I would've liked to substitute that for the Kokkari sundae, but I'll just have to go back another time for it. We also got a round of ouzo, so by the end of the night, I got to see a whole other side of a lot of my coworkers.
Holy shit this place is amazing. Made me want to do the truffle shuffle. I came here for a work party...so I basically took the liberties of ordering whatever I wanted, irregardless of the fact that after the appetizers, I was stuffed to the brim. Who cares if you are not paying, right? Lamb = amazing, pita and appetizer = amazing, scotch selection = amazing!!!! amazing amazing amazing!
I can no longer complain that there is no such thing as good greek food in San Francisco. The octopus here is positvely trancendental, and the lamb too tender to be true. The room feels grand and rustic, and smells just a little, of money.
this place is AMAZING. from the moment you walk in to when u get dessert, perfect. the hostess was courteous, we were seated promptly. we were offered cocktails to start with, and we were recommended a great greek wine - santorini. light, crisp. we ordered the kalamata pita appetizer, which was SO good - the right amount of feta olive and tomato. for entrees we had the moussaka and their special, a sea bass. the moussaka was excellent! my favorite dish of all. the sea bass is a pretty boring dish, but they managed to make it tastey as well. highly reccommend the baklava for dessert, it goes well with the ice cream, but a fair warning, its nuttier than most baklava ive had before. overall, excellent meal, great atmosphere, friendly service, would definitely love to frequent this place.
This place is a mediterranean shelter. It reminded me when I was in Crete and stuffing everyday with mezes. The atmosphere is definitely more sophisticated but what you get is absolutely Greek rustic cuisine. The grilled octopus and the feta-stuffed calamari were pure heaven for me but when you get to the lamb you just close your eyes. Riblets, shanks, any cut.....simply melting in your mouth and delicious.Taramosalata and tzatziki with a fluffy pita-focaccia were also helping and don't forget to dip bread in the heavenly seasoned olive oil left in the dishes. I've only one question: how come half a bottle of Retsina (good, nothing to say, but actually a cheap wine in Greece) is 20$?Overall a little bit pricey but worth to visit every now and then. You actually have to take the elevator to go to the restrooms, nothing strange, except that when I got into men toilets, I heard two mexican guys laughing their ass out, you may wonder why. Well, one of them came out of the toilet with a duck! Yes, damn yes, a whole roasted duck in his hands! He was crying and I didn't have the strenght to say anything or even ask, I started laughing so bad! Then a friend of mine came in and he did the same thing! 4 guys cry-laughing for a roasted duck in a restroom and I still don't know where it came from; Misteries of San Francisco.
This past visit was my fourth time eating at Kokkari. I'd had a fabulous experience the other three times--great food (especially the lamb chops!), great service, great atmosphere. Hadn't been back for two or three years, but decided to go there for a birthday dinner with my boyfriend. Not a good idea as it turned out--the food wasn't great and the service was quite frightening. I always think it's strange when restaurant reviews talk mostly about the service, but we eat out a LOT and have never had such an intrusive dining experience. It completely colored the whole evening. I'm not sure whether it was the location of the table or if this is just how Kokkari is these days. We were seated at a booth in the hallway between the two main rooms, which at first seemed nice and cozy, away from the hustle and bustle. But we soon realized that we were in waiter central--literally dozens of waiters walking past at every moment. We could have dealt with this, but it was indicative of the whole dining experience: during the meal we counted at least 10 different servers fussing over our table, to the point where we simply couldn't relax and enjoy the meal. To top it off, though they were courteous, none had an iota of friendliness or humanity about them--it's as if they were instructed never to smile or have any sort of connection with those they were serving. Very strange. The appetizers arrived almost instantly after we ordered them (which at first we were delighted with, because who doesn't like fast service?), but as soon as a plate looked even the least bit empty someone would try to remove it (without asking if we were finished, which we weren't, and had to tell them so before they ran off with it). It was hard to enjoy eating when we would continually be interrupted by people moving plates around, filling water glasses, etc.--every minute or two someone would be stopping by, and we were afraid they'd take something away that we still wanted. It felt like they were trying to get us out of there as quickly as possible.Three servers were somehow needed to deliver our two entrees. Thankfully, after that no one came by at all (not even to ask how our entrees were, which is lesson number one in Waitstaff 101) until we were completely finished the entrees. It was only then we could try to enjoy our food, but both of us felt hassled and stressed out by then.If the food had been mind-blowing, we probably could have just laughed off the bizarre service. But it was just mediocre. We had the meatball, calamari, and Greek salad appetizers, and the lamb chops and chicken entrees. Meatballs were pretty good, calamari was weird with liquid-cheese center, and Greek salad was uber-basic, with a rather tasteless dressing I could have made myself (Greek dressing is an art!) and really bland tomatoes. Boyfriend said the chicken was fantastic, and we both agreed that the potatoes were pretty good, but the lamb chops--the reason I'd gone to Kokkari in the first place, even though they are $10 each!--were just all right. They did give us a free dessert for my birthday, which was very nice--but before i knew that surprise was coming, the waiter took my napkin from where it was laying on the booth and picked it up and put it in my lap, which frankly I found a bit offensive (what if there were dirt on one side and it ended up on my dress?). I guess we all have different notions of "good service."I don't think I'll be going back to Kokkari. If I want Greek food in San Francisco, I'll go to Mezes on Chestnut instead.
We have been there with my parents : the restaurant is very impressive, but the food ? First it does not taste greek to me, and then, my husband get sooo sick he had to take 2 sick days ( the only ones he took this year )I do not understant the good reviews...
greek salad to start, which for lunch is a meal in itself. righteous. lamb skewers w/ pitas solid. what c'know about that! what c'know about that! - TI
Great for dining with friends and catching up. In a part of town where parking is not too bad. The grilled lamb chops are amazing! Dinner is pretty pricey, but definitely worth it.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. The best greek food in SF, though a little expensive. Their greek coffee reminds me of Persians having Turkish coffee...there was always someone around who could read the grounds and tell your fortune!
Best lamb I've ever had but not too much variety.
Kokkari is incredible. Best Greek food you'll ever have. In fact, no one in Greece has ever had food this good. Beautiful restaurant, very noisy, always overly crowded, but all in all fantastic. Oh yeah, not cheaps.
Delicious food for those who are in the downtown financial district. We ordered appetizers and shared it all around. The Dolmathes, Spanakotiropita and Kokkari Potatoes are definite must haves.
High ceilings and warm, semi-rustic furnishings. The restroom is even worth an experience, take the elevator down one floor and you're in a different, private space. They even provide towels to dry your hands - akin to the ones at The Four Seasons Hotel. Waiters and chefs are amazingly nice - as my friend and I were leaving, all male staffers made good eye contact and bade farewell in a pleasant, gentleman-like manner. As for appetizers, the prawns were baked in a small dish with a tomato-based sauce, topped with feta cheese--when you bite into the prawns, they remain warm in your mouth. The other appetizer is the grilled vegetables on a skewer. Nicely grilled (but perhaps a little bit too drenched in olive oil; complimented with yogurt and splash of orange sauce. Our Swedish waiter was very helpful, sweet, and patient in guiding us what to order with his recommendations on appetizers. As for entrees, I got the much recommended rib eye, almost cooked to perfection. Seasoned well (which means you don't need worcestershire sauce to enhance flavor!) I had expected it to be much more tender, but I enjoyed feasting on it, nonetheless. The fish was quality fresh, tender, lightly seasoned - with the basic ingredients of olive oil, salt, and lemon juice not dominating the taste of the fish. The Baklava was a bit too nutty for my taste - but the accompanied ice cream and the other dessert galaktoboureko, (2nd from the top) was amazing...
Get the Zucchini cakes, damn tasty. However, may want to avoid the Souvlaki on a date/interview/client lunch... I find meat on a stick pretty difficult to pull of (pun intended) in a remotely dainty way, that may just be me though.
Love this place ! I ate here many times with coworkers and clients and it never disappointed on any level. It's the best version of authentic Greek fare I've ever had. Excellent service and delicious meals like the lamb. If you're in the area, go there now and tell me that I'm wrong!
A consistently good standby.  I really like the ambiance. Fun for groups!
If you have the budget (I went there for a lunch during work), this is best greek/med restaurant around. Every dish we had was amazing (including appetizers), and the ambience is very relaxing. Good service too. Don't miss this place.
Excellent food and service, but a bit overpriced and portions less than impressive.
Very warm, sleek and clean upholstered seating, "woodsy" atmosphere. Ideal for taking business clients here for lunch or dinner. Not a place for drunken frat boys, and hope it stays that way. Restrooms are very clean and spotless and far from dining stage (separate floor). The staff makes you feel as though you're priority. The management is very professional. Food is okay. I'm a tough critic when it comes to Greek cuisine, but will give their menu and prepared dishes an ok.
Kokkari's sister restaurant in Palo Alto, Evvia, is better and cheaper, but only slightly. The fabulous fireplace (where the best seats are) makes this taverna a superlative place to dine on chef Erik Cosselmon's Greek food. Try the tzatziki, the fried smelts, the avgolemono, the roasted quails, the grilled lamb chops, and the roasted halibut. Kokkari is named for a small fishing village on the Aegean Sea. Great bar too.
Easily my favorite place in the city. The quality of the food, in addition to the service makes this my first choice for any nice occasion. The staff has always been accommodating, the chairs are comfortable (Little things like that I notice), and the food is superb. The rack of lamb is probably their signature dish, and I would be happy eating every time I go. Their staff is well trained and knowledgeable and friendly. Great place for dates, business groups, or anytime you want to enjoy a fantastic meal. I have eaten at the other "fancy" restaurants in The City, but Kokkari will always be at the top of my list.
Oh how I love you Kokkari. I wish I made more money so I could visit you more often. Your zucchini cakes are to die for and so is the amazing Greek salad. Service is impeccable, and I respect the solid wine list. Every time I visit, it's a truly special experience.
I had a wonderful time there. The ambiance is great. Intimate and friendly. It's a little loud but that just makes the restaurant look fun as much as it looks fantastic. It's very warm and the those around us were also enjoying their experience. They have a truly fantastic wine list! the rib-eye I ordered was a little salty, however most rib-eyes tend to be on the saltier side. The meat was tender and my boyfriend truly enjoyed his filet. We had an overall great experience and was lucky to get a more private booth where we weren't crowded with other tables around us. So, I suggest requesting a booth for a more inimate setting.
my friends have raved about this place for ages and i got to go for a birthday celebration and here is a recount of my thoughts throughout the night.1st thought: damn! this place is huge but they still manage to make it feel intimate. feels a little rustic *side note-to-self* write that on yelp2nd thought: i think this would be a great date place. i mean, if a guy took me here on a first date we'd definitely get to at least 2nd base. not that i'm easy... or am i? maybe i'm just dating the wrong guys? how come my dates don't take me to more places like this? i gotta raise the bar...3rd thought: i KNOW i should get the lamb. it's freaking GREEK restaurant! get ONE of the lamb dishes jenny. - what came out of my mouth "i'll have the sole"4th thought: all of these appetizers are awesome. i wish my tummy could take more but i've got an entire grilled fish coming my way. where's that fava dip from heaven? i need more of the grilled artichokes while i'm leaning over the table. 5th thought: why didn't i listen to myself? this fish is great but that bite of lamb shank and orzo was ecstasy! maybe i can finagle another mouthful when he's looking the other way. next time, oh yes, there will be a next time.6th thought: what the hell do you mean ouzo isn't supposed to be a shot?7th thought: how the heck am i supposed to go out and get drunk with all this food in my belly? boy, i'm going to sleep so well tonight. sooo yummy....
Sister restaurant to the amazing Evvia is Palo Alto -- I haven't written many reviews, but know that I don't give out many five stars in general. This place is everything you can ask for in a restaurant: a sense of place, ethnic enough, service with personality, warm and comfortable yet high-end, and unique cuisine. I've had two birthday dinners here (amongst other special occsasions) in the four years I've lived in the city.
aside from being WAY TOO expensive this place is pretty damn tasty, but i assure you its even tastier if your not paying the bill
You cannot have a bad meal at Kokkari-just make sure someone else is responsible for the bill. When I win the lottery, I will come and eat gigantes every night. Four of us ordered multiple courses with no repetition and there was not a regret in the house.
You know what I like about this place? I can pretty much always make a reservation on open table and be seated within 10 minutes of arriving, even on a Friday night. You know what else I like? The food is consistently excellent. The appetizer plate with the three spreads is excellent to share with one or two people. The fish is always fresh and cooked in sauces that complement rather than overpower the fish. This place may be more of a scene for the silver-haired crowd, but the food is well worth braving the fogeys.
The food we ordered was very average except for the dessert. The rib eye was too salty; the roasted whole fish was very plain.The service was average at the best.The tables were pushed way too close to each other which was very disappointing. For a restaurant like this, you would expect little privacy for dinning.
Nice service, all great food, & great atmosphere. My fave. place to be, It's worth the pay, & I'll definitely come back...hmm maybe tonight?? :D
We were trying to eat at Kokkari for a couple of months and finally got a reservation. Granted, after such a long wait our expectations were quite high. Kokkari lived up to every one of them. The food was delicious, service was excellent, ambiance was fantastic, etc etc. Also, I loooove olives and feta cheese.. yumm! The only thing holding me back from a full 5 stars was the exceptionally large portions and some members of our party felt the food was a little overseasoned. I prefer a smaller, more delicate meal but it was delicious none the less. I would definately recommend this place to anyone looking for great Greek food. Oh and it's fun to make the wait staff pronounce the names on the menu! They are such pros!!
Bloody good! Greek inspired fare with a twist. Not for the dieter, Kokkari offers rich bold flavors that make you want to try everything on the menu but be careful, their prices are not inexpensive. Sophisticated atmosphere catering to the white collar crowd. Great place to catch a night cap after work.
What more can be said about Kokkari? It's one of the best restaurants in the city. I recently rediscovered it, meaning I hadn't been in years and now I'm a new regular. On the last 2 dinner visits, we've ordered just apps and loved every bit of them and left well fed. There is so much to chose and everything is amazing.
No one was throwing dishes and yelling Opah!.. The atomosphere was serious, calm with a hint of she she fru fru... But the food that I was fortunate to delight in was spectacular. The Octopodaki (sp?) and the meatballs were to die for. My only regret is not soaking up every last bit of lemony, olive oily goodness left on the Octopus plate. Hold on, I need a cigarette.
I went to Kokkari before Sketchfest last year, and had we not fought to get tickets to see Amy Poehler, Rachel Dratch, and Horatio Sanz, trust me, I would have stayed at Kokkari all night. The service was excellent, and the decor created a warm yet upscale atmosphere. There were lots of veggie options, and the crispy zucchini cakes and squash were heavenly. In fact, I think I can still taste them... Had I closed my eyes, I'm sure I would have been transported to some Greek isle. If you're taking a date, and you like meat, try to sit by the open fire in the big room. And reservations are a must. Really. There are also downstairs private rooms for large parties.
Lamb-licious, Lamb-rific, Lamb-tastic!
The total dining experience at Kokkari is fantastic. The service is consistently excellent, the ambiance is comfortable, the food is divine. To boot, some lovely wine and desserts to finish off a great meal. As usual when you're dining with a group, one of the best parts is lounging at the table and here the wait staff never rush you out.
Kokkari is SO GOOD! We had a reso but still ended up waiting awhile for our table because the previous table took awhile to leave after paying their check. But to make up for it, we got some free appetizers for our table of 6. It actually worked out because we got to try more of the menu than we probably would have in the first place. And absolutely everything was amazing! Take a walk back to the bathroom to find out how big this restaurant really is....
Always a great experience here at Kokkari. The ambiance is fantastic. It's a warm and cozy feel with great food selections! They used to have a great beat salad app, but it hasn't been offered in a while. Since then I've resorted to taking on their fried smelt, zuchinni cakes or grilled octopus to start off my meal. For the entree I've only tried a few dishes they offer (not a lamb or feta fan) but always hear rave reviews from my fellow diners in my party. My usual would be the whole fish they have on special or the artichoke souvlaki (grilled artichokes & eggplant skewers with Greek yogurt & housemade pita). Sounds like it's not filling but it's actually perfect and grilled perfectly. Been here a bunch of times for both lunch AND dinner. I always reccomend people give it a whirl. I've never walked in so I have no idea how long the wait usually is. I've just made a habit of always making resos. Saves the guessing and the wait.
Though not as authentically Greek as I had growing up, the food, service and atmosphere here are excellent. Yia-yia would be proud!
so very delicious! we went for a special occasion, so we decided to err on the side of gluttony. i enjoyed every moment of the meal from the aperitif to the yummy dessert!it is an absolutely beautiful restaurant and i was immediately won over by the comfy chairs in the front dining room...the room had the ambiance of a cozy den with the fireplace and soft lighting.we shared 3 small plates, each had a main course, and shared dessert. my favorite items were the octopus and the yogurt sorbet. the octopus was literally melt-in-your-mouth goodness...it wasn't chewy at all--i was delightfully surprised! and the yogurt sorbet was so very good...there was a tangerine granita surrounding the mound of  sorbet. the sorbet was delicious and refreshing...it had a savory quality to it because it was a little tart. i loved the restaurant and the un-pretentiousness of the waitstaff. i will definitely have to make this one of the restaurants in my regular rotation of fancy dinners!
Phenomenal food, service, ambiance! Perfect evening. Very nice clientele. Delicious food, martinis, wine. Waitress was charming, knowledgeable and courteous. We lingered over dinner and enjoyed every minute. So refreshing to feel great about paying for a meal.
Great food. Great ambiance. Whenever we go we rarely try anything beyond the "Mezethes" (aka appetizers). Saghanaki (fried cheese), Marithes Tiganites (fried smelts), Octapodaki tou Yiorgou (grilled octopus), Arnisia Plevrakia (grilled lamb riblets), Garides Yuvetsi (oven roasted prawns), and Soutzoukakia (grilled meatballs) are our favorites so far.
There aren't enough adjectives to describe how good Kokkari is. Still going strong after ~7 years. Great atmosphere. Great food. Great service...what more can you ask for (well, maybe great prices...not a bargain, but fair). Kokkari is in my top 5 list in the city.
My experience with Greek food prior to Kokkari wasn't much more than the occasional gyro at the deli, but after coming here, I'm definitely a fan. The servers are supremely attentive and professional. I had the lamb shank along with the smelt and octopus appetizer. All good. I snuck a bite of my friend's rib eye when he went to the bathroom and that was damn tasty, too. The atmosphere is great for a date if you want to impress. Kokkari kicks ass.
This is the place to go when someone else is paying, you can relax and enjoy the incredible food without having to worry about the bill. The decor is relaxing, imagine a mountain chalet on Jackson Street. We eaten here 4 or 5 times.Always amazing service, the food is first rate. Try the saganaki which is simply incredible. The zuchinni is the best I've ever had. The best meal we had here was when we told the waiter to pick out what he thought would be good, we didn't even look at the menu. You will probably end up paying $80+ per person but you won't forget the meal or the evening.
One of the most rustic, classic dining experiences in the City! If you like Greek food a definite must for your next business dinner, romantic dinner for two, or after work drinks with co-workers.A wonderful bar, tasty lamb, and the artichokes are to die for! Dinner at the bar is always as treat as my favorite bartender brings a little surprise for his guests. How about flourless chocolate cake with fresh whip cream? Divine!
Great, great great. Lamb, hummus - its all good. Atmosphere old-world elegant. I have had the pleasure ofeating at the bar on numerous occasions when I couldn't get a reservation.  We celebrated my in-laws anniversary, great for family dinner at the holidays. Also good and intimate romantic destination. Enjoy!
I came here for lunch because I heard so many good things about it. The atmosphere was very nice. It was a bit trendy and you could tell that a lot of very well off people ate here. We ordered the spinach pie and the gigantes for an appetizer. Both dishes were very good. The filo dough on the spinach pie was very flaky and spinach had a very mild taste to it. I ordered the chicken souvlaka, the taste was good but I thought it was a little dry. For desert I had the Kokkari sundae. Mainly because I wanted to see if a $9 sundae was everything I dreamed it would be. And much like a girl's night out with me, I was left unsatisfied! Overall the meal was decent but I did not understand the hype.
Kokarri is awesome. I fill up on all of the yummy first plates and salads before the main course gets out. In fact, no need to order an entree now that I think about it. The only item I've tried that disappointed was the watermelon salad with feta. I thought they'd play it up somehow but, no, it was watermelon and feta. Our server was great and convinced our party of two to order a half bottle of champage and a half bottle of muscat in addition to our bottle of wine. Great recommendations that made our meal that much more enjoyable.
Okay, so our meal at Kokkari was a little compromised for two reasons: the super expensive bottles of wine we were guzzling, and our waiter who was super-informative about Spain, which we were just getting ready to visit. I have a feeling that even without these things, our meal would've been great, but I had to warn you. Anyway, the must tries on this menu are their sampler of appetizers, which usually includes the tzatziki that i can't stop eating, as well some other dips that are yummy, but not enough to make me divert my attention from the tzatziki. The signature lamb chops are a favorite with my husband. I tend to just order more appetizers for my entree - with yummies like spanakopita, fried zucchini blossoms and eggplant cakes, why force yourself to choose? And be sure to end with dessert, especially if you've never tried anything but baklava. These are not your usual Greek standbys, that's for sure.
Very good Greek food. Warm setting. SF hot spot. Classy, masculine spot - would be good for guys' night out, business dinner, groups out, you name it! Best lamb in town hands down...loved the lamb riblets and homemade dips with grilled pita, and loved the grilled lamb chops. Everything we had at the table was great though. :-)
consistently good. great for lunch or dinner. when the weather is warm they open the windows for a full-on mediterranean experience. it has a cozy vibrant charm about it. truly a unique experience. great bar scene as well.
excellent greek food and an atmosphere that promotes intimate discussions. try the lamb chops or skewers, both of which are perfectly seasoned and extremely moist. feta and yogurt are good as well, not too sour and definitely flavorful.a most impressive atmosphere with comfortable chairs and intimate settings. would probably be a good date place for someone wanting to impress their significant other. all in all a wonderful experience and i'll definitely go back.
One of THE best dining experiences I have had. And that's huge for me. I went here for the first time on a recent visit to SF and brought a big group. We were originally going to be 8 people, then I changed it that day to 5, then we ended up being 10. When we arrived twice as big as I had told them, they didn't sweat it at all and were very accomodating. The waiter was amazing and very helpful. He explained everything on the menu to us and after we discussed for a bit, I just let him order for the table. As our first appetizers were coming out, 2 more friends showed up unexpectedly, and started socializing with us and eating off our table. Any other 5 star restaurant of Kokkari's stature, would have made a fuss..but the wait staff was amazing accomodating...offering our friends a table nearby us. We were actually able to squeeze them in to our table and grew to 12! The food was FANTASTIC.I especially loved the fried cheese and the chicken. It was all very fresh and clearly authentic and high quality ingredients...these guys know what they are doing. I would go back in a heartbeat. A group over 6 is hard to manage and they took very good care of us.Be sure to save room for the ice cream sundae. Can say, yum!?
YUM. Great place for a work dinner or when family is in town, but definitely a place for meat eaters. Decent wine list as well.  Great place to go when the weather is nice and you can sit by the big open windows. Not sure this would be a good date place - big plates and kinda awkward to eat.
I was surprised by this place. Went here for a work related lunch, and walked away happy. The lamb dishes are really good. The Turkish coffee drink had me feeling like I had smoked a J, and the ice cream that came with the Baklava was great. Kind of pricey, but if you don't have to pay for it, good for lunch. If you have a small party for dinner (8 or less), they have a room down stairs that looks really intimate.
loved the vibe of the place. nice without being stuffy. the food was all excellent and i appreciated how creative some of the dishes were. if i lived in the area i wouldn't hesitate going back. our waitress was great as well. very helpful and welcoming. the watermelon salad and the grilled artichokes were my favorites.
Everything is really delicious if you like Med. food. The atmosphere is nice and open.
I keep dreaming about the Moussaka!!!I've only made it here once, but can not wait to go back! Wonderful ambiance/decor - simple, elegant and comforable (I LOVE the chairs there!). I've been to sister restaurant Evvia in Palo Alto several times, but I think Kokkari kicks its butt. Seriously can't wait to go back. Also, not cheap, but actually a pretty good value for quality and service.
I absolutely love the lemon chicken soup...I could eat it every day! The meatballs, pita bread and dip, lamb skewers, and lemon potatoes are also addicting. Everything I've eaten at Kokkari has been amazing and I can't wait to go back. Spectacular service and great atmosphere. Kokkari is a bit of a splurge for me, but lunch works slightly better with my budget than dinner.
The lamb shanks are the best anywhere. I wish I lived closer so I could have some NOW!
when is going to the toilet at a restaurant as enjoyable an experience as eating in the aforementioned restaurant?only when that restaurant (and accompanying toilet) is kokkari.the toilets are just brilliant . you have to take an elevator downstairs to visit them, so for those of you who like to leave it to the last minute i recommend beginning your journey a little bit earlier than you usually do, just to make sure that you don't have an embarassing "incident" along the way, in full view of a hundred diners. once in the toilets, you are greeted by gentle greek muzak, a soothing lighting and colour scheme and tasteful pottery arranged in the classical greek style, on shelves above the urinals. i tell you, i spent a good extra minute there just enjoying the ambience, something i usually try to avoid in most toilets.and as for the rest of the place, this greek restaurant is huge, and popular, and busy at lunch time, but somehow they manage to juggle all the guests and their needs with style and pizazz. the food was exquisite (stuffed calamari perfectly cooked, not chewy at all, and the lamb souvlaki succulent and tender and juicy) and, i would contend, for san francisco financial district prices, very reasonable ($15-$20 mains, $5-$8 appetizers). the waiters were plentiful and organised and friendly, and did the whole "and how are we enjoying our meals today?" visit after exactly two minutes and thirteen seconds into our main course, the exact right moment, i thought.but really, who cares about the food and the ambience and the service when you have that toilet to look forward to? it's going to take some beating.
This place almost pissed me off. I've dined here many a times, but never have I been pu-pued by the hostess. Excuse me, but my reservation was at 7:30 ... not 8:15. Kokkari can pack 'em in, so yes, make sure to call ahead. Our late seating earned us a free app: melt-in-your-mouth pita bread with three dips, all of which were not made from a mix starting with "Hidden Valley". Be careful of the duck - this plate came out with a webbed foot still intact ... just so you know, this was killed especially for you. We enjoyed our table as well, a nice setting with our own private floor lamp. The service is excellent and attentive (if you can get past the hostess with her computer of lies) ... a great place to go with a large group. It's greek afterall.
I think what appeals to me the most about this place is it's warmth amongst the staff and the management here. I have had many a successful luncheon's or business discussion's here and will continue to do so for many year's to come.
last night I had another fantastic meal. I chose the lamb shank which was perfect, not too fatty in the least, called the Kokinisto me Manestra - aromatic braised lamb shank with orzo & myzithra...it was excellent. The orzo was delicate and not heavy in the least. I chose to have the Horta - braised seasonal greens with lemon & olive oil, as the perfect side dish.
took my husband here for his birthday. it was great. our server was slightly in the weeds when we got seated so the manager came over and talked to us and gave us some recomendations on wine and appetizers. throughout the night, he'd come back and check with us to make sure we were alright.and when our server came to our table he politely appologized for his delay...very professional and friendly staff.the atmosphere is really cozy and they have lots of private dining rooms in the basement.all the food we had was really tasty. i can't remember everything we had. i know i had their rotisserie of the day for my main course...we were so stuffed when we walked out of there...yummm
Serving nectar straight from Mount Olympus...
my hands-down favorite restaurant in the city and the only place i've ever seen the bill nearly exceed my monthly rent. makes me question which is more important to me - roof above my head or kokkari's crack-laced delicious food?
i love coming here. yes it is pricey but well worth. my favorite are the grilled lamb chops and the fava bean salad. two of my favorite foods prepared to enhance it's natural flavors. if you are afraid that lamb will taste too gamey, kokkari prepares it so well you don't have any smell or aftertaste. service is excellent. the waitstaff is attentive to your every need or request. love love love it here. make reservations esp. if you have a large group.
Wonder-Twin Powers Activate...form of a perty damn good restaurant. Hello there earthlings..here's the scoop. Service was excellent, the host/hostess greeted us with a smile and was very attentive. I made reservations @ 6pm and me and my date were 15 minutes early, but we got sat right away. Decor quite clean and soothing to the eyes. More of a young professional / older crowd. Our waiter was excellent, wine and food recommendations were on point. Good wine list (they had 2, the regular one and the pimp one). All of the names of the items on the list were in Greek verbage, so I couldn't pronounce it to save my life. Anywho, to start off we had some lamb meatballs - good. I had the lamb special w/ potatoes - pretty good, a bit on the dry side for my taste. Her - she had the halibut special, which was pretty good. For dessert, we had this fried wrap w/ custard filling and pecan ice cream w/ apricot - friggin yumm. I would definately go here again to satisfy my inquiring mind of the other items on the menu. Overall, excellent. Word, bye.
This is a carbon-copy replica of Palo Alto's Evvia, owned by the same people. No reason not to do a good thing twice however -- the food is just as good, and the atmosphere is maybe even cozier than Evvia itself.
Unique and authentic greek food in a popular after-work dinner spot. Very crowded and loud on the weekdays and reservations a week in advance are a good idea. There is a bar with about a dozen seats for eating/drinking that becomes 3-4 people deep around 7pm. Service was better than expected, nice interior decor, and valet available or limited street parking. The seared octopus, sole and brussel sprouts are all excellent choices. The desserts are huge (and cheap). The baklava is homemade and unlike the stuff you see at every other take-out place and one order is big enough for two people.
Few restaurants have made me feel so at home and comfortable, just like eating at the house of a friend who makes good meals where you never want to leave her table. I was with 3 other people, I had the beef kabobs, another had the lamb chops and the other 2 had the lamb sandwich (gyro). We split our meals so we could sample a bit of everything. I was sorry I had to share my kabobs. The lamb chops were perfection as was the sandwich. Some of the best service I've ever had, the gentleman who sat us took it upon himself to escort me to the elevator to use the ladies room (yes, an elevator ride is involved). I think the restrooms say a lot about an establishment and I was not disappointed. Such nice touches. The servers and cooks all seemd to be smiling. Definitely going back.
Close to my work, so have been there a billion times, mostly for lunch. It holds a special place in my heart, mostly due to the familiarity. However, the menu really hasn't changed much and so, there isn't the wow factor that going there the first couple times imparted. Get the Greek Spreads. The most underappreciated dish, perhaps in the whole city, is the Kokkari porkchop. The other white meat, done the right way....
The ambiance, service, and food are excellent. One of my favorite restaurants in the city. The food is very tasty, with good portions. The only downfall about this restaurant is the menu selection - you'll want to try everything! Be prepared to eat a great meal that is worth the money.
Great food, impeccable service. Worth every penny for a special night out.
lamb chops are the BEST. whole fish is pretty good too... but LAMB CHOPS ARE THE BEST! a bit pricey... can get a little noisy... but worth it!
One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. Buried away from the hussle and bustle of the financial district and the abundance of tourists, this restaurant is quietly situated across from apartment complex and park near Embarcadero. The decor is very old fashioned and comfortable yet elegant. Even though the restaurant can be loud, you are still able to have conversations without having to strain your voice. The service is superb and the dishes are just to die for. Instead of ordering the usual calamari for appetizers, opt for the grilled octopus. It's just as great, if not better! My other favorite appetizer is the Kolokithokeftethes -- crab cakes with yogurt. Another favorite :) Although I am not much of a fan for meat, the Moussaka is what the restaurant is best known for. And of course, a good meal is never great without wine and dessert. Everything on the dessert menu is creme de la creme!! But if you want to go the safer route, you can always order the usual greek tradition - baklava. :)
My FAVORITE restaurant in the city! So much so, I even got engaged here! :-) The lamb shanks are amazing (and their speciality). All of the foods have terrific flavor, the portions are great, and the atmosphere is really warm and inviting. Their wine list is amazing too! I can't say enough about Kokkari - definitely try it!
the octopus is absolutely delicious. if you dont order it youre an idiot. additionally, lunch is a great choice as it isnt as packed full of as many classic honky idiots, but still quite a few. their wraps (although 20$, not $7) are absolutely delicious and worth the price. basically anything on the spit is worth having, the lamb and especially when they have roasted pork. it has a sort of weird ambiance, sort of like a hotel lobby.
4 stars, but only for the appetizers. They were so delicious, and if we had to do it again, we'd definitely rack 'em in... And leave off the main courses. They weren't nearly as impressive. (Although the lamb is definitely their specialty, if that's what you fancy.)
I think, one of the best in the city. different, cozy, stylish, and delish. Take visiting friends/ family....great place for a date...special occasion or not, it's worth the cash.
The pita plate with the Melitzanosalata, Taramosalata & Tzatziki sauce/dips with huge cucumber wedges, baked squash in the sage butter and grilled meatballs were done and presented perfectly. The portions were generous and the meatballs were so tender. The Saghanaki - pan fried Kefalograviera cheese with lemon & oregano was tasty but a bit much. A lovely place to go for a work lunch, family gathering or for dates.
Kokkari is a beautiful restaurant and has great greek food. I love the comfortable elegance that this restaurant evokes and the wines are excellent! Try the amazing lamb chops. They were just succulent. The menu is pricey, but the service is excellent (easy on the eyes!) and the food makes it worth the trip.
The atmosphere of this place is very elegant, yet warm and rustic. Our service was friendly, attentive and informed. to split as a couple, my husband and i ordered 3 appetizers and a main dish. the portions were generous compared to other higher end restaurants. the duck dolmas were great - light and flavorful. the fresh figs, cheese and toasted pistachios were excellent. the lamb riblets MELT IN YOUR MOUTH. order these, no, order two of these. we ordered a sea bass for a main dish, done in a traditional way, lemon, olive oil, olives, etc. it was cook to perfection but compared to the interesting flavors of the appetizers it was kind of well, a white fish. next time we'll order 5-6 appetizers instead. dessert was OK. the baklava was good but didn't knock my socks off. i believe in many layered baklava and this one just had one big layer. The philo layers are what make the baklava shine in buttery goodness. coffee - perfect.i really like this place. it's a great date restaurant with big fireplace in the front room. highly recommended.
Great Greek dining in San Francisco Financial district/north beach cusp. Great for a work dinner or a nice night out. I LOVE the food. The atmosphere is warm and cozy. If I have to go out on a rainy night, I go here. Warm and inviting - the fireplace is always burning and the food can be comfort or light. Can't beat this place. And it serves Storybook Zinfandel by the glass. Yum.
An excellent choice...
One of my all time favorites in SF. Kokkarri in lay man terms is simply the BOMB. From the restaurants warm inviting atmosphere, excellent service, and delicious food. Try the rib eye,moussakka,...prepare to open your wallet though because kokarri is steep. You get what you pay for i guess.
MMMM, yum yum yum. Rarely do I ever find a Greek restaurant I LOVE like this one. The food, the atmosphere, the people, the texture. The mediterranean mystique. The warmth and elegant cozyness. Might I also mention that the food is sensual? Tastes, textures, smells of delight. An incredible wine list. I am simply rapturous over this place, and every time I go there: I wonder why I don't go there more often. Whenever I go, I am drunk with ecstacy. Melt in your mouth moussaka. MMMmmmmmmmm....
Dined there at least 3 times (for as far as i can remember), but i wasn't super impressed with their food, i guess it was good, just not outstanding. I love the home style cooking Greek food in Toronto, i call that authentic and under $10. Here , too overpriced for me, not a place i wil just pick out of blue, if some one coming into town wants to try more of high end greek/meditteranean food in a nice dining setting, i will take my guest there. Love the coffee though. Great location, great space, overall great dining experience, decent food, all pretty good besides the bill...think about the cost you have pay in order to dine with dignity, hahaha, sometimes i don't need any of that, just give me cheap good food!!
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. I've come here several times and have never been disappointed. The rack of lamb is the best in the city, and the grilled seafood is spectacular. The decor is rustic and comfortable. Service was excellent. Order some sweet Turkish coffee to finish off the fantastic dinner.
*Amazing* food. Cozy by the fireplace. Snag the skewered artichokes with yogurt sauce before the menu changes again... and the salad with manouri cheese... wine list is amazing, and servers very knowledgable... the Greek wines are surprisingly yummy. Enjoy! My favorite restaurant in town.
Oh my LAMB! Not only is the food superbly outstanding, but I swear I could live there. The place is soooo cozy. I just want to sit in to one of those chairs by the fireplace with a book in one hand and a lamb rib chop in the other.
My experience with this place was totally classy right from the beginning. Went here for my dad's bday dinner and really enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere. I made the reservation through opentable.com and when the restaurant called to confirm, the reservationist followed up on my note that it was a special occasion by asking the name of the bday guest and whether we wanted anything special done. The waiter was super attentive and friendly and the table was regularly checked for water, empty plates, etc. The food came out quickly and everything was quite delicious. Not the best I've ever eaten, but all well prepared and seasoned. We all split a few appetizers including the zucchini cakes, skewered veggies, and pita and dip platter. All very good (esp. the dip platter, really yummy tzatziki) We all got the evening's rotisserie which is not usually what I'm into (not so much a meat from a spit kinda girl) but it was very tender and not too fatty. We got the flourless chocolate cake and fruit gratinee with yogurt ice cream for dessert which were both really delicious. (plus it came with a candle and happy bday on the plate which is always nice). Also, we were seated near the enterance and the maitre'd Dmitri chatted with us several times through the course of our meal. He was really friendly and brought us a complimentary round of Greek dessert wine at the end of our meal which was really delicious. They also comped the dessert because it was a bday celebration. Overall, everyone was friendly and generous, the atmosphere was lovely (it is pretty cool to watch your dinner roasting over a fire before it arrives at your table), and the food was really good. Definitely worth a trip!
The first three times I ate here, I sat near Willy Brown. It was getting a little spooky...and then weird since he was with a different Blonde every time. Anyhow, this place has great greek food and everything from the atmosphere to the decor to the service is top notch. Get the Lamp Shank as your first meal. It is like candy. This was once my number one place in the city, but it has fallen slightly. Still in my top 10 though!
My husband and I had a great time here. Very warm and welcoming interiors, but the entry was a bit tight when you are waiting. The food was really good too. I love their appetizers, I can go just to have appetizers instead of entree.  As for entree we had their lamb and some sort of pie. It was really good. I think this is a place to be when you have a special someone to bring and you want to impress them with the food and atmosphere. But of course, the catch is: the price is high :)
Lucky me, my work loves to send me here. I feel like I've eaten here fifty times and it's always good. Get the spreads for an appetizer and a meat dish for an entree. The fish is hit or miss I think.
I've been here a number of times and the food and service has consistently been excellent. I've fortunately never had to pay the steep prices, but their lamb alone makes the price worth it.
This is one of the best restaurants in town! The best lamb chops ever. I've sampled many of the dishes and everything is always perfectly prepared. Great service. Beautiful, sophisticated and yet rustic atmosphere with an open kitchen in the back room - even the bathrooms are a treat. Check out the private dining room downstairs when you go to the bathroom - so pretty!
if there was a greek god of mediocre food, he would rule over this restaurant with his mighty spork and a giant bottle of ouzo.
Fantastic Greek restaurant. Service can be a bit spotty when it's crowded, but the food is always delicsious. Lamb chops are fantastic as is the pita bread appetizer with 3 spreads. Yum!
Let's face it: Kokkari is a gem of a restaurant. Amazing food, excellent service and a cozy yet sophisticated atmosphere no matter what time of day you're there. Whenever I need a "sure thing" destination for work or play, this is it.  I've also held work functions in their private dining area, which is highly recommended.
I had dinner here over the weekend. The zucchini cake appetizer was yummy and not greasy. I had the roasted chicken which was moist and flavorful. I bet you judge a restaurant by how well they make their roast chicken. I was surprised about the generous portions which made my fiance happy. The waitress also mentioned that their ribeye steak portion is unbelievably huge, 40oz!  I'll have to try that next time.  The wait staff was also very attentive but not obtrusive. I also really enjoyed the custard dessert in filo.  It was deliciously creamy and not too sweet. Yum. The only minus would be that our table of 2 was seated very close to another table of 2.
This place is great if you don't have to pay! :) You have the option of sitting by the kitchen, which is really nice. The place is very elegant, you have to take an elevator to go to the bathroom, and even the bathroom is nice. The food is delicious. I usually don't eat lamb, but the lamb chops here are yummy!
Great spot for a business lunch. The variety of food should satisfy a mixed crowd and there is no pressure to make it a quick lunch. And parking is pretty convenient. A good place to go if you are looking to host a lunch in the downtown area.
Hands-down, this is my favorite place to eat in SF. Kokkari has a rustic sophistication, exceptional food (especially the extensive list of starters) and bartenders who warmly remember a face and a name. I knew I was in a good place here when, new to the city, I wandered into Kokkari to eat by myself at the bar. There were only two open seats, both next to men who were eating alone. With a subtle clue, the bartender indicated that I'd have more fun speaking to the man on my left...and he was right --the one to my right turned out to be a blowhard who talked the ear off of his neighbors all night! The food and drinks (ask for a Lemondrop if you're in the mood) live up to the same great service standard.
If you like greek/meditteranean, then this is the place for you. Very cozy, great location. I have been here many times but never seem to remember what i order. Its all good though!
The food and service are always both great here, which makes it my favorite pick for a relaxed weekend dinner with friends. Watch out for the surly bartenders though; they tend to misunderstand drink orders.
"I'm not going to lie...it was really good. A great place for a work lunch...or possibly a work party. They have a large banquet room that seems like it would be fun for an event! The service was excellent, and the food Excellent mediteranian! I loved the lamb, and the spinich cake was a fabulous appetizer! Overall it was a wonderful experience."
Great date spot. The lamb chops were incredible. Actually everything I tried was pretty darn good. It's a warm and toasty space with really nice staff from the hostess who takes your coat, to the waiter who made fabulous recommendations on wine, to the manager who personally attempted to procure us a cab.
good fine dining greek food in a historic restaurant spot. pricy and a bit stuffy, but non-the-less a good place to try. For cheaper greek food go to mykonos on polk.
wow i must say i am really torn on how to review this place! i went to kokkari for a friend's b-day dinner, but i dont know that i really got the true experience becuase his girlfriend ordered most of the food, and brought the wine. some of the dishes we got were things that i would have ordered myself but others weren't. i had heard that kokkari was a greek place, so i was really interested in sampling some of their more traditional dishes. for appetizers, we got an assortment of things - spanokopita, dolmathes, pitas with spreads, and grilled eggplant and artichokes. everything i tried was good (although i did arrive late due to underestimating the time it would take me to walk there from work so i didnt have much of them). entrees, the hostess of the evening ordered up lambchops, the rib-eye, and the whole fish, along with asparagus and potatoes... all family style. i liked the fish the best, cooked perfectly and well-flavored. its definitely something that i would have gotten, and would get again. i wasnt as much of a fan about other 2 entrees, i dont really like a rib-eye vs other cuts of meat, and lambchops arent really my thing. i was really curious to try the moussaka which i heard is great, and is a greek dish i really enjoy! now i know i could have ordered my own thing, but i didnt want to offend the hostess or the b-day boy so i played along. but i definitely want to go back and sample the true experience at kokkari. the atmosphere was lovely (as was the company of course since it was a b-day party) and i thought it was really cozy. our service was spot-on... never did i wonder when my water glass or wine glass would be refilled and i found the staff to be attentive without overbearing.
delicious Greek food.
The best moussaka I have had in a while!! I went here with eyes bigger than my stomach ordering appetizers, entree, and dessert. Everything we ordered was excellent. They start you off with bread and olives which went mostly untouched with the appies we ordered. We had a combination of the three dips (HUGE) -- Tirosalata, Melitzanosalata, and Taramosalata -- and the zucchini cakes. The waiter was quite nice and helpful with suggestions -- although he kept forcing me to make an attempt at pronouncing the dishes. My dining partner had the lamb chops and they were cooked to perfection and so tender. YUM! As I said before, my moussaka was amazing. The portion was so huge I only at about a quarter of it -- the leftovers to be savored at a later date. Although we were both stuffed, we could not pass up on dessert and ordered the apple tart with fig ice cream. I was wishing for a second stomach when this came around and was disappointed that I couldn't eat more of it. The crust was flaky and tasty, the apples not overcooked, and the ice cream was a delicious complement. Next time I may have to fast for days beforehand so I can eat more!!!
A little overrated in my opinion. An interesting dining room, that goes on and on, but we were lucky enough to sit next to an entire lamb rotating around a spit. Entrees were solid, but not special or memorable. We couldn't help but get a the gigantic ice cream sundae (not exactly greek), and it overshadowed the rest of the food quite a bit. Staff hurried us quite a bit for no apparent reason.
Excellent Greek food! It is a bit pricey but it's great for a special occasion or if your company is paying.
Friends of mine swear this is the best Greek restaurant in the country. They might be right. Great spot, Greece meets midtown Manhattan loft. Love the brick and track lighting. Place is warm, inviting, service is tops. Excellent lamb chops. Skip the Greek wines..ugh. Lovely bathrooms, too. Ooopahh! Check it out, very good contemporary Greek/Med hang.
adore this place! very warm, cozy atmosphere & outstanding meditteranean food. fabulous service: very friendly, professional & everything is well-timed. definitely try to get a table in the front room near the fireplace, especially on a chilly nite.feta, feta, feta: amazing. all the seafood/fish dishes i've had here have been outstanding, especially the octopus. excellent!
Good wines, good snacks and meals, friendly service, comfortable atmosphere (warm and cozy on a wet winter night).
Amazing, Amazing, Ammmazing.. I love Greek food and most Greek places in the city are hole in the walls. This place rocks. We made dinner reservations for around 10PM but we got there around 9 and they sat us anyways after only waiting a few minutes. The atmosphere is a little "downtown-ish" where people seem to dress up, but you feel totally comfortable being casual here also. They have all these neat appetizers and they give them to you on a large plate. We had a few salad's which were great . We didn't even need to order a main dish because the appetizers were enough. They brought over the sommelier and I told him what our price range was. He recommended an amazing bottle of wine from France (as I remember) and it was actually $20 more then what I said but he really thought we would enjoy it (and it was their last bottle) and he gave it to me for $20 less! I haven't had this type of service in years. Their sister restaurant I've also been to in Palo Alto, which is also decent but doesn't come close to this one. I hope to come back to this place very soon so I can try more apps and hopefully someday a main dish :)
This is definitely the best Greek food in the City. The food is delicious and the ambiance is perfect whether dining with a group or just one other person. The presents a very warm and inviting atmosphere that is both cozy, but trendy at the same time. Definitely recommend.
I've eaten here twice (mostly recently on 3/6) and it's basically a sure thing. I'm thinking every item on the menu is delicious. The mezethes (appetizers/small plates) are over abundant, but don't get overwhelmed - i bet all of them are great. This last time we tried the special 'duck dolmathes' - duck with pine nuts, rice, currants wrapped in grape leaves and the spanakotiropita - filo pie filled with spinach and feta. Both were amazing. There are so many other interesting small plates that I almost wish we would have tried something other than the filo pie....perhaps the Kalamari - grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel & orange with black olives. The filo was wonderful don't get me wrong, but it's a pretty traditional greek food. For the entree I had the moussaka. I can't get enough of it...I had it the first time around and even tried to make it at home. The home version was pretty good, but nothing compared to kokkari's rich and delightful blend of lamb, eggplants, potato & creamy bechamel sauce. Yum! Be prepared it is very very filling. So filling that it almost makes you want to skip dessert until you see the dessert menu. You'll definitely want something light like the Galaktoboureko, custard in filo with warm quince & lemon-sage ice cream. The quince was a little too sweet for my taste, but the overall flavors mixed very well! A few other things - great wine list and very cozy atmosphere with a lovely fire place in the middle of the room.
I know that there are already a ton of positive reviews for Kokkari but they deserve another!! There is something to be said when a restaraunt consistently stays on top of its game!!! Everything about Kokkari is good...ambiance, food, service....Definitely a San Francisco Treat!!!
The best Hellenic restaurant in San Francisco. Greek food with a California edge.
Walked into Kokkari to inquire, because its name sounded like a Japanese eatery! Made reservations totally on a whim, just because the Hellenic menu sounded interesting and the ambiance was so different from anything we've ever experienced. It was our last night in San Francisco, before our early morning flight back to Honolulu. At the end of our meal, we were so happy to have ended our trip on such a great note. Kokkari is such a worthwhile experience. Our waiter, Chris, was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and guided us to tapas style dining. We loved the kolokithokeftethes (crispy squash cakes with cucumber), kalamari (grilled calamari stuffed with feta et al.), arnisia glossa souvlaki (grilled lamb tongue!) and the taramosalata with grilled pita. The Spanish red wine went with everything perfectly. The custard dessert was delicately delicious and not over-sweet. I left my heart in San Francisco and Kokkari. Will be back in four months....
kokkari is my favorite restaurant in san francisco. the waitstaff is always extremely professional and attentive, and i adore every dish i've ever had here. the booths situated in between the front and back dining rooms are cozy and romantic, and the table in front of the fireplace is awesome. their lamb shank is unbelievable, and the appetizers are delish.
I took my fiance here for here birthday a while back, and had a great experience. I booked it through opentable, and in the notes i put it was her birthday, then completely forgot about it. We ordered the different spreads for the app, she had the pork chop and I had the lamb. Both were amazing. She had a couple of drinks (it wouldn't be a birthday without some booze) that were strong, but delicious. I convinced her to order desert, and, without asking or even knowing it, they brought it out with her name spelled (correctly, it is Kristine with a K) in hot chocolate. I was simply amazed at the attention to detail. The ambiance at night is a bit to quite for my tastes, but it is a classy place (or as classy as it can be for having a roasting spit in the middle of the restaurant). The only negative was that the waitor was a bit cold at first, but he warmed up to us as the night went on. Food amazing, Service amazing, ambiance damn near amazing. A real dining gem in SF and the Bay Area as a whole.
if you go, make sure to get the watermelon with feta, pine nuts and basil! i have cravings for that all the time. they've always been consistenly great and the desserts... you have to make room for that!
Not so sweet since the chef left a year ago. Hopefully it can find its way back to the glory days!
Nothing beats the moussakka. I have dined here several times and it remains one of my favorites in the city.
This place was perfect...service, food and wine!Very warm, inviting atmosphere..complete with fireplace. A lot bigger than I thought it was going to be, since they are always booked for reservations...and a great room on the lower leverl for private parties!Ok, here is what we had...Kolokithokeftethes, which were delightful zucchini cakes with cucumber & mint-yogurt dressing.-grilled calamari stuffed with feta, fennel & orange, which seemed to melt in your mouth (which were my favorite shared plate..)- Soutzoukakia - grilled meatballs with tomato & green olive compote, I haven't been eating red meat, but had to try and was pleasantly suprised.and them a sampler platter which had pita (which they bake there) and 3 different spreads, which were mixures of cheese and olives, not really sure what else, but they are darn good.For my dinner I had the whole sole, which was light and moist...perfectly cooked, served with sauteed mixed greens, which made the dish not overhelming filling. I also had tired a bite of a pork roast (which was their roast of the day)-which they slow cook in the fireplace, which was perfectly moist and tender).For dessert, I shared the greek yogurt, drizzled with honey and topped with walnuts...not something I would usally get for dessert, but was the perfect, creamy and sweet ending to our delightful dinner.As for the wines, we tried one greek red, and one spanish rioja, the waiter was extremely helpful in our selection...as none of us were too familiar with those style wines. Unfortunately I didn't save the names of the wines. I can't wait to go back here!
awesome greek food! order the lamb! i had a taste of it and it was such a dance of flavors. i ordered the ribeye and was very pleased. you can just taste the quality! no matter what time of day.........order the greek coffee..........it's the best!!!!
Get the Spanakotiropita
This is the real deal. Amazing Greek food the way it is supposed to be. You will feel stuffed. Don't forget deserts because they have an amazing menu.
the bartenders here are very friendly...and they are more than willing to pour you a taste of just about anything you want to drink. the Melitzanosalata with pita bread could be a meal on its own. also try the grilled octopus, and the smelts. can't go wrong with the lamb here or the rabbit. wine price is very reasonable! the restaurant feels rustic, but charming and could get a bit loud. if you like Greek food or would like to try Greek food. this is the place to be.
I just love this place. The lamb chops are absolutely to die for as is the moussaka (sp?). The last time I was there it was a Friday and the special was a papakutzi (Greek spelling is clearly not a skill I have!). It was a twice baked eggplant with lamb, tomatoes & spices baked, covered with a yogurt bechamel and then baked again. Really good!!They have a lot of yummy appetizers - you can make a full meal with just those! I don't like fish, so didn't have any of the fried smelts, but my friends loved them. I did love the garlic-potato spread that came with them though (I can't remember the name of it - starts with a "s"). I kept stealing it off the plate :) I love the dips you can get with the fresh pita bread - so tasty - you get to choose three from six possibilities. The beet salad with feta was really good and I'm not even a big beet fan (sort of take them or leave them). My friends also loved the calimari and the octopus appetizers too.Their wine list is great as well, a lot of choices in reasonable price ranges. Of course ouzo is available as well - can't take the taste but love the smell. The flourless chocolate cake is fab and so is the phyllo filled with lemon curd. And the Greek coffee? Soooo goooood!!! Can't wait to go back!!
Lamb shank. Mmmm. Great service too.
I took my high school debate team to Kokkari last week. Like all normal debate teams, the hole-to-pole ratio was way off, so of course my red-blooded boys promptly sat down at the bar and knocked back a few stiff Shirley Temples while discussing the Kinsey scale. After intense deliberation, all present decided with much fanfare and congratulations that our virginal Welsh debate champion, Kaye Wye, would bite the most pillow in college, and that said pillow biting would be good. After this preliminary meeting of the minds, we moved to our table and gave our gay garcon whom we dubbed "Jacques Strap," two pieces of information: 1) we've got 500 bucks to play with [hooray for trickle-down tuition], and 2) don't soil your easy-access britches froggie, but we've got a vegan here. Upon processing this information, our man in black and white promptly grabbed a menu, circled the vegan options and set out to construct our menu, making sure that we enjoyed nothing less than a royal spread. After whole fish, lambchops, beets, moussaka, asparagus, octopus, spinach, stuffed calamari, and dessert, it was decided that our team was entirely gay for Kokkari. So much for waiting until college.
This used to be my favorite restaurant about five or six years ago, after they first opened. It seems they have gotten bored with themselves, and I have gotten somewhat bored with them and their menu. Go for the lamb riblets and for the filo pies. I find their calamari at times to be rubbery and their meatballs to be dry. A work associate who happened to be Greek raved over the smelts (not for me). Also be aware that Kokkari's portions are definitely on the lesser side. Kokkari has an impressive after dinner drink menu, and their flourless dark chocolate cake is the true star (at one time, they were serving gold leafing atop). If you drink coffee, do not pass up a cup of their Greek coffee heated in sand (you'll notice the large container of sand when being lead into the main dining room). All in all, I recommend Kokkari for most occasions, but I believe them to be over-priced and their service (at times rude and slow) could stand some atonement.
Wow. If I could, I would give this place 6 stars, and that's on service alone. I have never been so impressed by service before.  Well, first, let's start with the food. It was stellar. The octopus was so delightful. I went with my Greek friend who was returning to Europe in a few days, so we decided to just order everything we wanted and take the leftovers home (which was probably more than we actually ate there). Thanks to a friend of a friend, they squeezed us in for a last minute reservation on a bustling Thursday night. And we were fortunate enough to get one of the tables for two in the front with the big, super comfy, cushy chairs! I loved that part. And then we ordered about half the menu. heh.  Everything was delicious, even the brains! I also highly recommend one of the dips (any of them). My Greek friend was quite impressed with a lot of food too, so that's got to be good, no? The wine's were delicious and they have a pretty good wine list. But back to the service. It started with the wonderful maitre d', friendly, professional, intelligent. And our server was so friendly and helpful. But the thing that impressed me most was how they served the food. I told you that we ordered a lot (we were there almost 4 hours total) and they spaced everything out so seamlessly. I didn't even really think about it until we left, but it really was amazing how they managed our entire meal. I never felt rushed, but we also never felt neglected.  They seemed to ALWAYS know just the perfect time to bring the next dish out. And our server, what a wonderful man, wish I could remember his name, also started talking about some dish that apparently Greek's love (at least my friend got SUPER excited about it) and it wasn't on the menu so he went and checked to see if the kitchen could make. They could. Of course.  If I remember correctly, their dessert wine list left a little to be desired, but who cares at that point. What a wonderful night. I would recommend this place to everyone. It's not cheap, but it was more than worth it. I think they're setting the bar on service. In case you couldn't already tell...heh....man, I'm tired after writing this review...
I'm really not sure what folks are raving about. Our most recent visit to Kokkari was very disappointing. We went mainly because it was nostalgic. We had one of our first dates there. Unfortunately, the food this time was mediocre, the service was slow and they sat us in the breezeway where I was freezing. All that for a very expensive meal. That was likely our last trip to Kokkari.
By the end of the meal, I swear I could feel the olive oil and other "healthy" fats working their way into my skin to make me glow. Started out with the spreads -- ordered the chickpea and the eggplant, but ended up getting the feta as well because of a kitchen error. The eggplant was fabulous and the other two were definitely tasty. We went with the whole fish specials for dinner -- dorado (aka branzino) for me, petrale sole for him. I had mine roasted, and it came swimming in olive oil, along with some roasted potatoes and olives. (Some people may think this is a bad thing; I thought it was brilliant.) His was grilled and had a lovely crust on it. Dessert was spiced apples in phyllo with an interesting gelato that our waitress described as tasting of pine resin (no, really). Sounded a bit odd, but she was so enthusiastic about it that we opted to try it. It was actually quite tasty, though straight-up vanilla bean would have worked well for me, too.
Terrific ambiance, bar scene and staff. We walked in on a whim and will be back. From apps to dessert, we had an incredibly enjoyable experience.
So, really I'd give this place a 5 for atmosphere and decor and a 3 for the food. Everyone I know thinks this place is fabulous and somehow I always end up thinking - damn, this food is bland, can I bring my own salt/pepper or chili or something to spice it up. But, I do love the fireplace and also sitting outside.
this place was right around the corner from my last job. it was our automatic pick for a company lunch (which happens a lot in my industry).i love this place. the inside is so comfy. the bar area is perfect for an after work glass of wine. if you're lucky, they'll be roasting a pig in the enormous fireplace oven. i used to be able to smell it from my office. this was not good when i couldn't get away to grab lunch. imagine sitting there trying to get work done while smelling grilled meat: torture.lunch - my favorite lunch treat is starting with the spreads and pita. the Tzatziki is really good. then, i love getting either the greek salad or the arugula salad with a grilled chicken skewer. it's a perfect lunch.dinner - i love the lamb chops and the lamb shank. both are done so well. the moussaka is great for sharing. i think my favorite dinner item is the fish of the day. if you ask for it grilled with lemon, there's nothing like it. i know it sounds silly since i'm not identifying which fish is best, but really, they know how to grill a fish.i'm so bummed i don't work around the corner from this place anymore, but maybe i'm a little relieved to not smell delicious grilled meat in the middle of the day.
come here if you like lamb. they've got lamb everything - lamb entrees, lamb appetizers, lamb dip, lamb salad, lamb martinis (okay, so some of of these, I made up). since i'm not a fan of lamb, it was a bit of a wash for me. i guess the extent of my true appreciation for greek food will probably not go beyond the souvlaki stands and pita pit. i gotta admit, however, the herbs they used for the lamb shank entree did a good job of hiding the gameness that so many of us frown upon... =(
been here about 4 times in the last few years and have had a consistently good experience every single time. last night, we went w/ one of my wife's best friends and started w/ the kolokithokeftethes (crispy zucchini cakes) which were very good especially w/ the mint-yogurt dressing that came with it. my favorite dish is definitely the moussaka as it is everything that i love about a casserole right there in front of me! both my wife and her friend had the kotopoulo souvlas (chicken dish) which tasted quite good. we ended with the sundae and baklava as well. while the sundae was good, the baklava left much to be desired in my opinion. i also wasn't too impressed w/ the greek coffee as it didn't taste as good as a good turkish coffee. once again, an enjoyable, albeit expensive, meal here.
omg just get the lamb chops already. you don't need to think about it too much.communal tables are not so good for dates, but good for bigger groups, etc.whatever. just have some lamb chops.
Greek food is a proponent of olives, olive oil, lemon, and simple grills. We started with an appetizer of lamb riblettes as accompanied by a green salad with red wine vinaigrette. Although I usually steer clear of vinaigrette's as a result of the poor balsamic versions I had had previously, the dressing was light and tossed with the shredded lettuces with a delicate hand. The surprise came from the feta cheese that was crumbled throughout, as opposed to chunked on top. I had had a version of the lamb riblettes in Hong Kong, which I didn't like because the meat was laced in fat. Kokkari's came much better proportioned and less greasy. Lamb riblettes differ from the ribs in that there is much less actual meat on the bone. The skin is grilled to a crisp whereupon under it, you find visible layers of meat, fat, and miscellaneous others. The riblettes were marinated in a wonderfully fragrant olive oil, which I greedily sopped up with my olive bread. We repeated our success at LuLu's by opting for the whole grilled branzino. The fish came filleted with the skin on. Although the fish was moist, what really stood out was the natural sweetness of the meat--a rarity in Western cooking. We were a bit disappointed in the Kokkari potatos, but only because I had expected them whole and roasted, when they were actually baked like french fries. They also veered on being too salty. Desserts was compelling and catered to my preference for light flavors. I was crossed between the rhubarb soup + passion fruit sorbet and the yogurt sorbet with blood orange granita and mint syrup--I settled for the latter and was delighted with my choice. The Greek yogurts are strikingly similar to their Vietnamese counterparts, which are made from condensed milk. This leads to a much more balanced flavor with a mild tartness that is mitigated by sweet undertones. I will have to come back to try out the more adventurous dishes before arriving at a final decision..
this is my favorite nice restaurant in the city. i've eaten here four times and every time it has been delicious. the interior is gorgeous, the ambiance is superb, and the service is impeccable. they have several great vegetarian options- especially their small plate selection- which is often hard to come-by at high-end restaurants. everything i've eaten here has been fantastic. highly recommend for a special occasion, date, birthday, nice family dinner, etc.
eggplant spread, hmmmmmmmm!
lamb, shlamb. i'll let you read the other reviews for the savory. i'm here to yelp about the Kokkari Sundae. holy blissful mouth! the ice-cream was beyond good. i had to ask "why is this SO FREAKIN GOOD?" - they make their own ice-cream. and hot fudge. and whipped cream - i'ts just like when you were a kid - but feels a little more sophisticated. i'll go back many, many times - even if it's just for this. it's that good.
pretty much the best lamb chop i have ever tasted...and i am not even into lamb. avgolemono soup is tasty, too!
Mmm, I love Kokkari. Just about every year I go to visit my dad in Greece and Kokkari is about as close as you can get to the real thing here without cooking it yourself. I always recommend sticking to the mezethes (greek tapas) at Kokkari or at the sister restaurant in Palo Alto, Evvia. They are definitely more like what you'd get in a restaurant in Greece. The dolmathes (grape leaves stuffed with pine nuts and currants) were ok, but a bit bland. . . . ultimately, not as good as my mom's. The horiatiki (greek salad) is consistently the best I've ever had and often better than in Greece---Kokkari finds the tastiest tomatoes. The xortakopita/spanakopita has the perfect balance of greens and feta. And the lamb is very flavorful and delicious for american lamb. The octopus was pretty damn good, crunchy little suckers! I didn't have it this time but their pita is so fluffy that you should try ordering the tzatziki, taramosalata, etc. Dessert is just ok here. I think their galaktoboureko (semolina custard wrapped in phyllo) could be better with a little orange zest and grand marnier in the custard. Service was warm, attentive, and pleasant. The atmosphere was sophisticated but rustic with older wealthy people surrounding you for one of their many meals out that week . . . I'll definitely be back!
everytime i go back to this place it gets better and better. nothing bad, just get what sounds good too you. if anything there are too many great items on this menu, i don't have big enough stomach!
excellent food. the lamb was extremely succulent. service was amazing. wine menu extensive. come with your wallet prepared (i.e. it's pricey), but you will leave happy. don't leave without trying the flourless chocolate cake. i may go back just for that...
we got a kick ass booth tucked away in a corner of the cavernous restaurant, but, despite being out of the way, our waiter thomas was very attentive. overall service was excellent. food was yummy...the lamb is amazing, the spreads are fabulous, and so is their bread.  we ordered too much food so my husband had to roll me home afterwards! a bit pricey but a fun dinner experience.
I loved this place even though greek is not my favorite food. A little noisy(lunch) but not the worst I've seen & I don't mind it too much as long as people can her you without screaming too much. It can be a bit pricey on your own dime(lotsa bus. lunch/dinners here). But "It's Greek" so it not like eating Filet Mignon - it's not so bad so spend the coin and enjoy. Go for anything lamb for dinner cuz it's the place for lamb & they do-it-up right. The mousaka is also very good and their deserts(try the greek yogurt, candied walnuts, dates, and honey) are even better. the food rates 5 out of 5 for greek food and I'd say 4 out of 5 for all foods - I may be a little biased. If you're not too peckish, all you, "eat like a bird" eaters, could easily fill-up on the hummus & veggies or fried cheese appetizers among the many others. The deco is fabulous and worth a bar drink visit in itself. It's kinda the old style southern mexican, adobe, craftsman, big-wood & sandy ceramic look... or basically, it's just how you'd want your favorite mexican(or greek I guess) party hideout to look. Even the bathrooms are tastefully done. It's a great place to relax, unwind & take-in a different environment with a friend or two after a crazy S.F. day. The wait staff is outstanding as well as the bartenders(they knew all my favorites drinks & had all my favorite alchohols); I'm an x-tender so that impresses me. Our bartender even asked if he could serve us food at the bar!.. not just drinks! - bartenders usually hate serving food(present company included) at their bars!"). Appetizers at the bar are a great way to fill-up and still stay hip with the crowd - lots of socializing going-on here. Kokkari seems to get a large "Bix" overflow & vise versa on busy nights. This would be a hang-out of mine if I lived closer. Only four stars cuz I hardly ever give five and it's somewhat loud when it's busy. Cheers!
tasty greek food, nice warm atmosphere. love the zucchini cakes, meze plate, short ribs and anything with filo!
Yum! Love Med and Lebanese food and this is really good. I've had dolma just about anywhere it is on the menu and this is great. Definitely get the squid. Who knew that ugly little thing could be so good? Great wine list too.
So the food is good. I got the whole fish of the day and the fish was grilled to perfection (the fish comes to you with head and all). I didn't care for most of the appetizer dishes, especially the fried cheese which was very salty, but the other folks in my party seemed to enjoy the grilled octopus and the veggie skewers. Be careful about asking the waiter for appetizer recommendations. Our waiter just brought out EVERYTHING on the menu. We were very full and puzzled by the time we got our entree. We were with co-workers and didn't want to make a big deal, but thought that was pretty bizarre.
yummmmmmmy. seriously great service. our knowledgeble waiter acted as super-host and super-sommlier!!! the appetizer menu was vast and affordable...for the entree we both had the lamb chops- perfectly cooked and very substantial. the baklava was delicious, and plenty for two. Add a bottle of pinot, and this swanky spot hits a home run.
Everything Greek and everything great! I love Kokkari. I wish they had one in L.A.!
one of my favorite restaurant. have gone here quite a few times to celebrate special occasions only bec. restaurant is on the pricey side. There were 5 of us at dinner there last night for Andrea's b-day. of course, lamb chops was cooked to perfection. The rib-eye portion was HUGE! We tried 3 appetizers shared family style: calamari, lamb riblets and smelts. They were all wonderful. Shared the "apple tart with ice cream" which was a little bit disappointing...I've had better desserts elsewhere. But overall, staff were all very attentive. And our waiter looked like ...this actor Bernini(?) and the engineer in the Ms. Saigon....ha ha ha!
kokkari is expensive and it's usually slammed which means that as a general rule, eating there is reserved for "special occasions." somehow last thursay night, after tying on a good buzz at a cocktail reception in the financial district (it's funny how the definition of a special occasion gets a little fuzzy after a few vodka sodas), we were able to walk in and secure a table for 2 without having to wait at the bar.we ordered a nice bottle of rioja after discussing the wine list with our well versed waiter. perfunctorily, we began with the spreads. you can't go wrong. there were also specials. i remember one well -- tempura battered fava beans. delicious, in season, freshly picked, lemon-y fava beans. this plate of tasties was really incredible. so much so that i didn't even blink an eye when the check revealed that they were nearly 20 bucks.there was another special. it was fish and it had a greek name. because it was not on the menu, i failed to learn how to say it and would not be able to order it again. anyway, it was also quite nice. the service was impeccable -- for the most part anyway... returning to that special of an unknown name, the (presumably greek) food runner appeared with the entrees in his hand and gave the special's name in greek. of course, because we ordered it using its non-greek name (e.g., "grilled red mullet") when he repeated the entree in greek, we looked at him blankly. he took this opportunity to condescend:  "apparently you did not read the menu," he rudely declared. of course we didn't read the menu, you a*****le, the entree was recommended by the waiter and described in exquisite detail. anyway, but for this one lapse, kokkari was another excellent night out to eat.special occasions be damned. kokkari is now in my walk-in on a week night when still downtown wheelhouse.
great place for some serious lamb chops. it's a fancy shmancy greek restaurant, but the vibe lacks the mediterranean feel. i recommend my big fattoush for greek food but for lamb chops, definitely definitely kokkari! the service there is top notch, but the bill is also pretty top notch. go if you have a rich uncle who can foot the bill!
Ok, if you read an earlier review I did for Mezes, you will see I said it was the best Greek in SF...I will say the same about Kokkari. You may ask yourself how someone can say two places are 'the best', when that is supposed to be saved as an adjective for something that is more superior than all others. Well, chances are that I should go back & change that review, but it really is fantastic and so is Kokkari. This is a huge step up from Mezes, this place is the swank, you come here on an anniversary, for a corporate lunch, for a group dinner if you have the dough. Mezes is where you go with friends for good food at more modest prices. Kokkari is an experience, it's lush and warm - that is how I'd explain the decor, food AND service. hands down one of the best dining experiences in town. Sometimes I think that there aren't chefs in the kitchen but little Greek grandmothers. Plus you can have your coffee grounds read after, so it's not all stuffy, you see?
Amazing restaurant. Fabulous wine selection. Great service. Sit at the bar and order up appi apps or great place to go with a group. Try the private room downstairs. Don't forget to order the bread and dip selection when you first sit down!
Good food and nice atmosphere but didn't blow my socks off. We enjoyed the lamb and the server says that is their specialty. Perhaps it didn't live up to my expectations. Seems like a good place for a big group. I think they have a nice private room for events.  The restaurant is huge and beautiful...in my opinion, though, the front room is romantic but the back of the restaurant is pretty noisy and lacks intimacy. Nice place but not the best place I've been in SF.
After hearing so many good things about Kokkari I finally went. Of course I was given a $100.00 certificate so that covered a 1/3 of our bill which came to almost $200.00.  I found the service to be excellent. The waiter was very knowledageable of the wines. We had the Smelt, the Grilled Meatballs, the Lamb Sweetbreads, the Octupus appetizers was out of this world and the fried cheese. All 5 Star.  But the entree I had was the Mousakka. Was not impressed. It is like they just dumped good meat in a small dish and added a ton cinnamon and topped it with instant mashed potatoes I have had Mousakka prior in Greece, and what I had at Kokkari comes nothing close to the real stuff. I know the woman that was sitting in the table next to me complained that her chicken wasn't good, it was dry and had no taste. I noticed she ate very little of it. For the price its expensive. Go for the appetizers, they were fantastic! But as far as the entrees, not sure if I would order one again. My 2 friends shared their entrees with me and I found the lamb chop just 'ok' I can do better at home and the fish, that too was just 'ok'. That I what happens when you get non-greeks making greek food. They should stick to tacos.
uninspiring lamb chop and overly herbed ravioli....the appetizer spreads we got were tasty, but not so much more so than say something you get in a tub at trader joe's. and holy moly!!! the bill!!! SF area needs some real good greek restaurants....
this place is sooo good for greek food. the lamb is to die for. the service is great too. very friendly. this is also a great place to find local politicos :)
