Kusakabe definitely deserves its Michelin star because the food and the customer service here is phenomenal. My dining experience was nothing short of exceptional. ::FoodFirst of all, I enjoyed the $95 Omakase course very much but if I had to do it again, I would definitely pay a bit more and go for the $150 omakase course. The additional courses that you get for the latter is definitely worth the extra $50 ! Go big or go home ! The dinner experience went by so fast like a blur (probably because everything was delicious and it felt like floating on clouds in heaven). My favorite is hands down the toro - you can never go wrong with toro- but every single nigiri and sashimi serving was incredibly fresh. The kussi oysters and the croquette are my second favorites and lastly, if you didn't order the $150 omakase, I would definitely order the uni off of the regular menu. The uni was so light and wasn't overwhelming at all (like most restaurants). The almond ice cream was also a great finishing touch so definitely order dessert because there should always be room for dessert. ::ServiceThe servicing was incredibly. Everyone was very attentive and knowledgeable. Sadly, we didn't get a chance to sit at the bar, though the experience was just as nice to have our own table. I would definitely recommend getting a bar seating to learn more about the dishes and get a first seat experience at how the dishes are prepared. Reservations aren't that hard to get if you're booking for a party of 2 but anything more than that will take a long time. It took me about 2-3 months to get a reservation for a party of 4. Definitely worth the experience and I can definitely say that I'll be back again.
The quality of the food here is one of the best I've had in SF. I went with the omakase and enjoyed all the selections. However, compared to what we are used to with sushi places in LA, the size of the cuts were pretty small, and we ended our meal feeling a little hungry. Would recommend based on the quality of the sushi and sashimi, but caveat it by saying the portions are quite small and a la carte ordering can get quite pricey.
Two days later and I'm still thinking about the toro...Had a great birthday meal here. The omakase offers a fresh, creative, and visually pleasing dining experience. Super satisfied with the quality of each bite and overall quantity. I didn't realize that everyone in your party had to order the same omakase. Naturally, I would have opted for the lesser of the two, but in retrospect, I'm glad I had the grander experience.We sat at the bar and were treated to three hours of Chef Nori's masterful sushi skills. We were well taken care of - 5 stars for the stellar service! I enjoyed Chef Nori's explanation of each dish as well as learning about the fish's origin. If you appreciate high-quality sushi and sashimi, I highly recommend a visit to Kusakabe.
I live to eat and I love sushi. A few people recommended that a sushi fanatic like me should try Kusakabe, since I'm always missing the Japanese cuisine that was served in Hawaii (which I still think is the best place to get authentic Japanese cuisine here in the US). Anyway, I gave this place a whirl back in October of last year and have highly contemplated going back--and will. This review is long overdue but I've decided to write my dining experience here since I stepped foot in the intimate restaurant last Fall. Upon arrival, you are greeted by their hospitable staff, there's only 2 rounds per night--so do sign up early. Since I was eating with my family, we chose a weeknight, and only had to book 2 weeks in advance. We were given some type of kelp-y/seaweed-infused tea, which we were told was a palette cleanser. I thought it was delicious, I love snacking on seaweed (yes, it's a thing Asian people do). Anyway, once most of the people arrive +/- a few late birds, the chefs start prepping. We didn't get seated in front of the master, but we did get the second most experienced chef in the restaurant, which was great. He was very informative and friendly and taught me a few things about how and why this restaurant is slightly different from "traditional" omakase places. And the way the menu is set up is that every few dishes after amazing nigiri, will be a warm dish. And this is because it balances the digestive system so as to not overwhelm it with just nigiri/raw/food that is served in a cooler temp range. I thought that was really neat and interesting. I couldn't remember the names of all the different fish that were served unless I jot them down on my phone, but seriously--what kind of a dining experience would that be? I decided that posting the date I went to the restaurants would be somewhat helpful because the fish served on the day could be seasonal. So that's for any seafood/sushi connoisseurs out there. But check out that glisten and shininess of those nigiri pieces! It's AMAZING, and a sign for amazingly fresh fish. Overall, I really enjoyed the experience and the chestnut ice cream I ordered at the end had small chunks of real chestnut in it (yay!) I love how that fitted into the seasonal theme of the menu. Oh, and my motivation for finally writing this review? I plan on going back soon and don't want to mix up pictures for my next visit with the last.Cheers! Or more like, Kanpai!
Kusakabe is such a special place. First of all, the food is delicious and reasonable priced for what you get. We did the "grand" omakase for $150 but we got 22 items! 22! (Disclaimer: this may not always be the case.)In my opinion, I felt that the sushi was the star here. They have non-sushi items as part of the kaiseiki but there are places like Wakuriya that really excel at that. To me, these items at Kusakabe were a little mild for me, with the exception of the beef croquette.My favorites: zuke chutoro, toro, barracuda, Copper River sockeye salmon, BBQ white eel, beef croquette, and Canadian ebi (we added this). You can't add any items from the a la carte menu until after you've finished the omakase so if you don't want to gamble, do the $95 omakase and get more of your favorites later.What I love most is the relaxed ambiance. I highly recommend you sit at the bar so you get your one piece of sushi at a time. It really helps you appreciate the beauty while it's on its little pedestal. And of course you get to converse with the chef making your food. That's always nice.I giggled when I saw at the bottom of the menu that they make rolls upon request. Our chef said he hasn't received that request in the 1.5 years that he has been working there.
great quality but I had higher expectations for service The food was great. I could taste how amazingly fresh everything was. At times, some items tasted SUPER salty to me. My other friends had disagreed with me and didn't notice the saltiness at all, so it may have been me. The plating was also very beautiful and I would definitely say that it was fairly priced. It was $95 for the omakase that night. Something that I really liked was that the chef asked us what were our favorite items. He made sure to feature it at the end. Something that I felt that was lacking was the service. Maybe I had had too great of an experience at Omakase where the chefs were joking and laughing, but this is definitely a more calm and quiet kind of environment. I would have liked to see more personality. That's nothing to take a star for, but personal preference. I'd definitely come back just for the quality.
Hidden on Washington street is Kasukabe, a restaurant that instantly transports you to Japan with its insanely delicious Omakase menu. The meal here rivals that of the best sushi restaurants overseas. From the moment you arrive, you notice the impeccable sense of quality in everything that is Kasukabe. The decor, the staff, the sequence of dishes and the plating: everything is expertly choreographed like a melodic symphony. Immediately after seating, the Chef asks you questions in an effort to gauge your likes and dislikes. As each dish is prepared, you cant help but stare, spellbound by the expert technical skills of the Chef and the beauty of the seasonal ingredients. If you live in San Francisco, or have visited San Francisco but have yet to dine with Kasukabe, you are missing out. This place is a must try and it is no surprise why this restaurant has earned a coveted Michelin Star.
Around this time last year I booked (far in advance) via OpenTable seating for 2 at the bar for my boyfriend's birthday. Being an avid sushi lover, I knew he would be thrilled to be treated to one of the town's boasted Michelin star Japanese restaurant. Not only did I note on the reservation, but also called & left a voicemail to confirm that this was a birthday celebration. Sadly, there was no mention or even the slightest acknowledgement of my requests. Call me naive, but I was hoping/ expecting better service at a Michelin star restaurant- $400 meal.Any ways, whomp whomp- at $95 per person, you'll get an omakase (set prix fix menu). No doubt, it's some of the freshest sushi I've had in SF. However, there were also items I didn't thoroughly enjoy, such as the kelp tea (known to help cleanse palate- left a weird after taste) and the soup (which I found rather on the saltier end). As for the grand finale of the omakase, I'd highly recommend the A5 wagyu beef nigiri, from the texture to taste, it was utterly orgasmic (this means a lot coming from a person who doesn't even like beef).For the uni lovers, one MUST try the Kaisui uni (14.50 a piece- hokkaido sea urchin) and Bafun Uni (13 a piece, Hokkaido short spine sea urchin). I can honestly say that each bite was simply heavenly & worth every darn dollar. Hands down the best uni I've had in my life thus far. Verdict: avid sushi lovers should come try out this place. it's by no means a place to regularly frequent for date night, but it's totally worth a try. (Just make sure you're not coming to celebrate a birthday. HAHA- guess I'm still not over the mishap a year later).
Michelin star means that I have high expectations of this place to be exceptional. I thought it was the norm of gourmet sushi, sashimi, sake and nigiri, but the proportions was a bit lacking for the price tag - I am talking about their omakase set. Quality was there, but it didn't stand out as spectacular to other upscale sashimi, omakase offerings that I have tried.Their A5 Wagyu was not of the most marbleous that I have ever had. Top notch - don't get me wrong. However, not the best.Their omakase nigiris were of the standard. Again, it lacks the feeling of amazing! Not too much creativity either. Let me rave about it the next day, kind of feeling that I usually have on dazzling food spots! It took me awhile to express myself about this place as you have read thus far that I left quite unimpressed. Sake was nicely fragrant and complimented well with the nigiri. I was disappointed that they didn't include Hokkaido uni to their omakase set. We had to order it as an addition. I loved the freshness that you can taste from the uni. Downside, it wasn't on the omakase set as it should have since it was such a delight to taste and would have been overlooked if we didn't order it.As much as I want to really flatter this place, it didn't spark me as oh my, I have to return for their almighty sashimi, sushi and so forth. It's a tucked away small spot and discrete. Reservations are required and you have to tell them ahead of time that you want the chef's counter. I left feeling: yes, it was fine dining splurge. Great celebratory restaurant to attend to. Not the best sashimi ever, but you get it Michelin style.
This place is godlike. I can not describe it any other way. I came here with my girlfriend for our anniversary, with reservations of course. They cannot guarantee seating at the bar, but luckily we got it. We even sat next to the executive chef, who made most our food.There's 2 options for the Omakase: a $95 option and a $150 option. The $150 option has a few more pieces and some rarer fish/meat. The $150 option comes with the grade A5 Wagyu beef, which is probably the best piece of meat I've ever eaten. Since everything is amazing and there are way too many pieces of sushi, I'll highlight the best ones.There are about 22 items total in the $150 menu. -The lightly seared bluefin was amazing. Explosive start to the meal. Then it's 4 pieces of sushi followed by a small plate of sashimi. All sooo delicious.-Then its a plate of assorted pieces such as an oyster with French Daurenki caviar, a Hako-Zushi and some delicately made finger foods. -Next dish is a Hamaguri soup with bamboo shoots and mushrooms. The soup was pretty good but there was some broken shell in the clam.-The next 5 pieces are different types of sushi. Our chef asked us if we have any favorite fish. I said hamachi and my gf said salmon. So the chef made us exactly those and it was amazing. Then theres the Uni and the BBQ eel, which were both way better than I expected. The Uni was so fresh and the eel was cooked to perfection.-The finale: The A5 grade wagyu beef and the bluefin fatty tuna. A perfect end to the best sushi restaurant I've ever had. I was really full after all this, but it was so good I wanted more. I cannot wait to come back here again. The price is quite expensive but it's definitely worth the experience.
Tips:Recommend bar seating.Try both the toro and the wagyu sushi, you won't regret it.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Hands down one of my favorite sushi experiences yet! I came here on the Monday after Valentines day for the 8pm seating and I had an amazing time.Service:- Pace of dinner was perfect: not too fast, but not too slow.- Staff are extremely attentive and helpful. Answered all our curious questions and explained every dish to us. I never felt intimidated or out of place.- This was my first Omakaze experience at the bar seating and our sushi chef helped us survive through it! (Thumbs up for Patrick our sushi chef!)Food:- Absolutely delicious. Everything from the sushi to the warm dishes to the soup.I would absolutely come back and recommend coming to Kusakabe for all of my friends.
One of my favorite sushi restaurants in SF!! You have to make a reservation to get seated since they only have two seatings a night. The omakase is only $95 per person, which is super affordable compared to a lot of other options in the city, and the quality is still exceptional. It's definitely not the most extensive omakase menu, but I left feeling pleasantly satisfied, rather than too full to move. And, if you want more of a particular fish, or just want something that wasn't included in the omakase courses, you can also order additional things a la carte.The omakase has a good mix of warm dishes, quality fish, and other courses. The non-nigiri items were really unique. Two that I remember were a soup with a small meatball / dumpling and a fish marrow gelatin type thing (part of a mini 4-course plating). For the finale, I would definitely recommend getting both the wagyu and the toro options!! You do have to pay extra in order to have both, but definitely worth it. Sooo delicious.For dessert, I got the pumpkin pudding with caramelized sugar on top. Kind of a twist on a traditional creme brulee, with a slightly different texture. It was unique, not too sweet, and a great end to the meal.
This place is OUT OF CONTROL. How much so? My fiance and I are currently trying to buy a house yet Kusakabe let us to a real discussion of whether it would be better to put our money into a mortgage or maybe just eating at Kusakabe a couple times every week. I mean, seriously, I'm sure owning your own home is overrated.Kusakabe operates under a omakase menu style with a $95 or $150 option. We opted for the $95 option and it is pretty much set although the sushi chef has a little bit of wiggle room with 5 different seasonal sushis of the day. He will also ask you at the beginning what type of fish you usually like! Pro tip: MUST sit at the bar. After your omakase is done you can opt to go a la carte to try other types of fish. Spoiler alert: You will likely feel compelled to continue after your omakase is done, there is just so much good stuff to try!Here's an overview of our meal. Standouts will be emphasized with CAPITAL LETTERS!1. First brewed dashi: A light broth with tons of umami, good to kick off your appetite2. Sushi Prelude: -SEARED CHUTORO comes standard and was amazing!Two kinds of seasonal sushi of the day: -Hirame (Halibut with halibut liver and shiso leaf) - I'm not usually a fan of halibut but this was really good quality and the shiso leaf added freshness while the liver added creaminess-Katsuo (Lightly cherry wood smoked bonito) - Smokey flavor added a lot to this one and the smooth tuna texture had a great mouth feel3. Sashimi course: Maguro and Hokkaido Scallop with fresh wasabe & yuzu onion sauce. Both really good quality, the scallop was sweet and delicious with a good portion and the yuzu onion sauce was intriguing.4. Hassun: This was 7 bites served together and you are free to eat it in any order. I chose to try and eat it in order of lighter to heavier --Baby Eel: This was something new, not too much flavor but the broth it came in was delicious-DUCK BREAST: refreshing to get a bite of meat and it was well cooked and served over broccolini-Salmon wrapped in daikon: Good salmon flavor, tastes more refreshing with the daikon-Kusshi oyster: Fresh oyster, yum-Rice octopus: Good texture and flavor-Tamago with snapper: This egg was super fluffy and sweet tasting, not like your usual tamago-TORO ON BOX RICE: The toro was amazing and the rice perfectly seasoned5. SOUP: Spring hamaguri soup with fresh bamboo shoot, wakame & shiitake mushrooms - perfect to have something warm. The clams were perfectly cooked, broth filled with umami.6. Sushi Chic:-BURI (Wild Yellowtail): Basically the best yellowtail ever. It had more fattiness like chutoro but tons of that delicious yellowtail flavor. See picture for amazing fattiness!-Kuromutsu (Japanese blue fish): Very light flavor but nice bite and texture-COPPER RIVER KING (Wild Alaskan king salmon with Oboro Konbu): Best salmon ever, so much flavor and the bit of seaweed on top gives it a touch of earthiness. 7. Sushi Finale:-WAGYU (A5 grade Miyazaki Wagyu strip loin): Lightly seared and salted, it's definitely the best wagyu sushi I've had. The sear is key!-TORO (Bluefin fatty tuna belly): Ridiculous. Watching Chef Kusakabe cut this fish and then watching the chefs gingerly pass the pieces down the line and then watching your chef assemble the sushi is a ridiculous level of anticipation. And it was worth it.At this point you're essentially devastated that your meal is over and it's time to make some tough decisions. We added:-KAMASU: Lightly seared Japanese Barracuda - great sear flavor on a slightly fishier taking fish. Definitely a good add.-TORO: What, again?? We needed to have another bite but this time our sushi chef seared the toro gently and added all sorts of other goodies. It completely changed up the flavor of the toro and was so worth it. MUST do again.Next time I will add:-KAISUI UNI (Deep ocean packed Hokkaido sea urchin): If you're looking for a different type of uni this is an interesting bite. Creamier texture, lighter flavor, more sweet. We watched the guy next to us eat it jealously.-JI KINMEDAI (Cherry wood smoked golden eye snapper): I didn't over this because I had it at Akiko's before but the guy next to us, again, said it was the best. Dammit. Next time.All in all it was an amazing dining experience and I can't wait to go again! It is a SAN FRANCISCO MUST.
My experience at KUSAKABE was truly unforgettable. I tried shirako for the first time, which I later found out was fish ballsack, but more on that later. So for all the wine-ing and dining Shawn C. has been doing, I couldn't have thought of a better way to return the favor than with a reservation here for his birthday. I somehow managed to secure a Friday reservation just two weeks before via OpenTable. Based on other reviews, reservations here seem to come with a hefty wait, but luckily we didn't have to experience that. The omakase is $95pp, with the option to order a-la-carte items at the end. It was worth every single penny. Everything was pretty amazing, mind blowing, orgasmic, you get the idea. I won't go through everything, but here's the special mentions:- Every piece of nigiri was to die for. Perfectly seasoned, no soy sauce required, and skillfully made one-by-one in front of you (if you're sitting at the bar of course). Jing was our chef for the night, he's pretty awesome. Shout-out to Jing!- Our soup, the Yaki-Goma Dofu & Kyoto style Saikyo Miso with snow crab, was unlike anything I've ever tasted before. Sweet and savory at the same time, the dofu was textured like mochi with a hint of sesame. SERIOUSLY SO GOOD.- SHIRAKO AKA FISH BALLSACK, or milt, "the male genitalia of fish when they contain sperm, used as food." Thanks, Wikipedia. The dish was actually called Yuan-marinated Hokkaido cod with its own Shirako & Satsuma Imo. Yes, I ate fish sperm, and yes, it was 9287473 times better than what I thought it was going to be. Perfectly fried on the outside, yet so creamy and oozy on the inside.. Okay, I'll stop now. - Sushi finale.. dat toro. Oh my god, it dissolved in my mouth. We received a complimentary yuzu sorbet for Shawn's birthday, and all the employees sang happy birthday to him! He turned bright red - mission accomplished! Thank you, KUSAKABE! Your food is pretty amazing, but it was your service that was the cherry-on-top of this amazing dining experience.
East Coast Native, and this is my first Michelin star exp so maybe I had too high of expectations? My friend who lives here took us out because she wanted to try it. I liked the experience, small, good service. Great presentation. Surprised it actually took 2 hours - bonus it didn't feel that long. The food was good. My favorite was this turtle egg soup thing (I should have taken a picture of the menu). Very good. Overall quality of fish was good except for a few misses. My other favorite was the wagyu beef. IF YOU GET THE TORO, HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE $12 PUSH TO A LA CARTE TO TRY THE WAGYU BEEF. It is seriously that good. Melt in your mouth good. I think I expected better quality fish. I picked the fatty tuna/toro option but it wasn't melt in your mouth tender at all... it was really chewy.... That being said, it was a good experience, but I don't recommend going out of your way. For $150 I did expect higher quality fish... especially for the fatty tuna.
Surprise dinner from the girlfriend for my birthday. Being from Boston, we also happen to be seated next to someone from Quincy. Small world.[Service]: Your dinner experience is impacted depending on where you sit for sushi. I prefer to be seated at the sushi bar, and this time was no different. You are able to mingle with the chef if you like, and get his opinion on what is best that day. Being able to be served by the chef as soon as it is ready is a much better experience than being seated at a table and waiting for a server to bring your food. With that said, the food came out fast.[Food]: I would like to begin this section and mention the konbu cha (kelp tea) was surprisingly good--I had to hunt some down for myself. Onto the food: Kaiseki style omakase. Konbu cha followed by delicious chutoro, great way to start. At the bar, we're asked what kind of sushi we like, and were tailored to that for the sushi chic (might be different for dining room table). Finally, you have a blue pill or red pill kind of choice for either toro or wagyu. At the time when I went, there were two soup bowls that were between servings of nigri or small plates. Not only for cleansing the pallet, but this kind of progression gives it a sense of peaks and valleys (tea, solid, solid, soup, solid, solid, soup, etc). What holds this back though is probably the rice vinegar. The nigri was good, but it didn't have a wow factor.[Decor]: The sushi bar is near the entrance. I am not sure if there is a dining room area in the back, so I am unable to comment on it. It is clean and simple. The lights are more focused on the table and not directly above where you sit. Exposed brick wall and what appears to be a single cut of wood for what is the sushi bar table. I would have liked the seats to be a little higher.[Atmosphere]: You won't need to shout here to be heard. There are much more intimate places you can take someone to, Kusakabe is more for social event. Being in downtown, there were some business types as well. I would not say there is a strictly enforced dress code, but it is an unspoken rule for fine dining establishments. Do you really want to eat at a Michelin Star and look like a hobo? Polo at minimum.[Pro-tip]: For the sushi finale, just order the other one a la carte. They're both different taste and texture, and just too delicious to not have both.
This is one of the better sushi place in the Bay Area. I wish Yelp would allow 4.5 star rating. I could not give it 5 star, since Yoshizumi is significantly better. But i also think its better than the 4 star i can give it. Other than Yoshizumi, this is better than other one star sushi place in SF. Much better than Omakase. Good-1. Appetizer dishes were excellent. Pickled cucumber with octopus and octopus egg was perfectly seasoned and not overly sour. The baby eel with mushroom dashi is also excellent. The best is the egg with eel roll. The egg was perfectly cooked and not overly sweet and paired very well with the eel. Very impressive2. The white eel sushi is amazing. The eel was perfectly grilled and flavor just continue to come at you even after you finish the dish. Impressive.3. The toro and angus beef sushi was also perfectly done. Toro was fresh and full of Tuna flavor by far the best I have had in Bay Area. The beef was well seasoned and bring out the flavor of the rice very well (however it should be other way around).The bad1. Sashimi was disaster. Trout was flavorless. The bream with monk fish liver is extremely bland. One of the worse.2. Clam soup- very flavorful but was not cleaned well. There were a lot of sand in the clam. 3. Rice could be a little more sour but it was undercooked and little too firm. 4. The Benito was over smoked and left too much smoke flavor.5. Barracuda was also way over cooked and become dry. Overall- minor mistakes that knocked down to 4. But there are several dishes that are excellent. This is more of complete Japanese sushi dinner restaurant. The hot dishes, soup and appetizer were all excellent. A must visit for people in the city.
A good friend took me here for my birthday. The omakase experience was amazing and definitely one I'll always remember. I would recommend sitting at the bar if you get a choice, as I think it makes for a much better experience interacting with your chef and talking with them about the food. They are definitely masters at their craft and I had a great time watching them put their skills into action.The meal starts off with some brewed dashi to warm the stomach quickly followed by 3 pieces of nigiri. We then moved to a sashimi course, a soup, and some other Kaiseki style dishes, before capping it off with another 3 pieces of nigiri. For the last nigiri you get your choice of the blue fine toro or the grade A5 miyazaki wagyu beef. It was a difficult choice but I ended up going with the toro. All the food was amazing in terms of tastes and aesthetics. The pieces of fish on their nigiris usually are brushed with some kind of sauce and/or are cured/subtly cooked in a certain way to elevate the flavor of the fish. I think that's what separates their sushi from other sushi that I've had.Dessert is complimentary for your birthday :) I got the chestnut ice cream which the chef makes himself. My friend got the pumpkin pudding which is also pretty good and comes beautifully presented. I highly recommend the experience if you get the chance to go, it's definitely one of the best meals I've had and one I'll remember for a long time.
Book your spot already! The best sushi I ever had in my life outside of Japan. We had to make a reservations weeks ahead. They have a really strict cancellation policy too, if I did not recall wrongly it's about $65 for cancellations/change. Pretty harsh policy. We arrived slightly late and were promptly seated at the bar. We were assigned to the head chef, Chef Kusakabe himself! Our meal commence shortly. Every single dish was beautifully presented and thoroughly explained. Every piece of sushi was treated as an exquisite delicious art piece. I am not going to list the items I ate simply cause it changes with the season, ingredients and theme. During my visit, yuzu was the main theme/ingredient that threads through the entire omakase meal.Perhaps because we were slightly late, we felt a little rushed through the meal. There was little room to stop and breathe a little before the next dish. So, remember to be on time. If you are driving, parking around the vicinity is a pain in the butt so do buffer more time for that. Nevertheless, it was one of the most amazing dinner I ever had in my life. Service was fantastic, attentive and personable. Highly recommend dining here, not the most wallet friendly but definitely one of the most palate satisfying.
A long awaited review for Kusakabe. Kusakabe is my favorite from Maruya and Omakase. I came here for Christmas dinner last year. We sat in front of chef Nori and omg it was such a great experience. He was very friendly and explain each of the fish and where it's from. I came back here more recently with another chef and I didn't think it was quiet as good as the first time I was here but it's still my favorite. They only offer $95 omakase and then you can order a la carte. My favorite was the golden snapper. Fish was fresh and how it was prepared was amazing.
"Fish size & Quality were 1/5 star for the price w/michelin expectation! 1star for sushi rice, 1 star for: 3 items out of 7 courses in Omakase menu that cost$95! Wtf? And the rest items on Omakase was very depressing! 3 ppl complained this is an imitation Michelin star restaurant. Especially A La carte: hokkaido Uni $11 per pc (2pc) was bitter & not fresh! Obviously, this restaurant's sushi vendor's quality was not there. Seems the head Chef lacks expectation with quality control behind the sushi bar & knowledge of "Michelin star's expectation". Ambience: sure, it's really nice but I'm paying for Michelin star price means the food that's goes in my mouth!!!! Like Tiffany D. Said, Michelin star means michelin price w/high expectations for High Level of taste buds! Sushi rice: red vinegar, quality rice, great mix of flavor Omakase: $95 (Impressive items)Bluefin chu-toro: A -smoked torched, not oily and tasty! Umami Tamoto Soup: A+ shiro dashi soup base: light, clean w/natural seafood taste w/tai, shrimp balls, nasu was point less, but they added sweet Chinese red sweet herbs which was well balanced. 4 kinds of chef's assortment: C Only one item stands out: 1. Crispy chip wrapped w/garlic soy chili   tuna, was very impressive! 2. oyster:  -not fresh 3. some anago:   -topping didn't go well, no taste. 4. crab claw:   -tasted like I'm eating at a Cantonese flavored restaurant. (What's your point?)The rest courses was depressing: King Salmon: D-was so thin like paper, couldn't even taste the quality Shima aji: B-Nothing specialTairagai: B -close to mirugai but similar like hotate w/miso sauce Katsuo Bonito: B-Cold smoked w/momiji aroshi & chives Alive Hirame: A -Shiso leaf & fish liver mousse, the mousse pretty good. Lobster omelet w/organic egg: C-didn't taste lobster or any organic egg. Sashimi: C Japan hotate & ocean trout was so small, didn't taste the Michelin star's expectations A5 Wagyu: F Yes, the quality was there, but it was super thinly sliced, raw with salt & pepper did not match to michelin star's level and the preparation & execution wasn't there. Crispy deep fried fish (Chi-Ayu) F After putting to my mouth, it taste bitter, the fish was bad already! Does the kitchen ever check their vendor's quality? Panna cotta w/plum Carmel sauce: C -quality of panna cotta was there but why they over squeezed the plum sauce which made point less of a Michelin star's expectation!
This is the best sushi I have ever eaten. They definitely worth Michelin one star. $97/person. Need made a reservation at least before one week. They will prepare food for you. So you don't have to worried what kind of food you need order. If you want to order more, you can add some more, of course you need extra charge. At last, we spent $150/person after tax and tips. It's not bad. Worth 4 stars.
Overall really good and fresh sushi. Omakase is about $100 per person and you get many dishes!-The first 3 pieces of sushi was probably the best! Really good way to start the meal-Chef's sashimi was good, especially the scallop-Umami Soup was interesting.. the sticky rice was great with the soup-Assorted mini pieces of unique pieces with oyster-3 kinds of sushi.. good but not as good as the first dish of sushi-Either toro or wagyu beef to end your meal.. definitely go for the wagyu beef!
One of the better omakase menus I have had. The chef was really receptive in that he asked which types of fish we liked and disliked. Waiters and waitresses are really nice. Omakase always takes about 2 hours and this place is not an exception. We did have room after for some a la carte pieces. Uni from Japan and Santa Barbra were great.
Best sushi in town which says some thing. Excellent service.
Boyfriend took me here to celebrate our anniversary, great choice as this place has been at the top of my list for quite a while now! This was my first Michelin star dining experience and I am so glad it was as it was absolutely amazing. We started off with the Omakase courses which were 7 courses for $95pp. I wasn't a huge fan of the seaweed drink they give you to cleanse your palette. My favorites of the courses were the chu toro and copper salmon nigiri, although pretty much all the nigiri they served as part of the omakase were delicious. Each piece was specially seasoned and super fresh. I loved the turtle soup dish (can't believe I ate a cute little turtle), but shockingly, it was amazing. The dish with two crispy fish in a truffle sauce and shishito pepper was another favorite of mine. Pretty much licked the dish clean because the truffle sauce was so tasty. I also really enjoyed the 5 piece le petit sampler plate of the chefs specials. Huge fan of the crispy eggplant and the tuna over rice piece. For the last piece,we chose the a5 wagyu sushi. I gotta say that I was not completely blown away with this piece. I actually think that Sushi Sams in San Mateo has a better A5. I mean it was definitely good, but not as amazing as I was hoping for. We ordered a bunch of sushi al a carte. My favorites being the kaisui uni (completely melt in your mouth!!) wish it was a bigger piece though, Santa Barbara uni, bbq unagi (soft and very good), toro (amazing), chu toro (they season this extremely well, lots of flavors). Each bite was complete heaven for me. This was my boyfriends first time trying Omakase and he normally doesn't like to eat raw fish other than salmon and hamachi, however, he loved every single bite of their omakase and is now addicted! Uh oh..Their sake is also very good. I had a glass of reisling, but next time I'd probably refrain from getting this just so I could order more sushi! Service was wonderful. The only suggestion that I have is to be more careful and remember if people have specific food restrictions. I asked for no wasabi in all the dishes, however, we had to remind our waitress at least 3 times and there was still some wasabi in my sushi :( which took away from some of the taste for me. They made it up by giving us free dessert for our anniversary. Desserts were delicious, I would highly recommend the pancetta and I'd probably skip out on the corn ice cream next time. Make sure you make reservations months in advance if you want to sit at the bar and you can probably get in a months in advance if just for a table. Place is tiny and they have 2 groups for seating, one at 5pm and another at 8pm.Would I come back? Absolutely! This place is definitely not cheap, but it's worth it to splurge for a special occasion or if you want to take yourself out for some high quality japanese food/sushi. The omakase itself is actually a good amount. It won't get you buffet full, but it's definitely enough and if you order a few pieces al a carte, you should be good to go!
After hearing my friends rave about this place, I finally had the chance to experience it for myself. This was one of the best omakase I've ever had (and at such a reasonable price, too!).Chef Ngai was so friendly and skillful. He was happy to explain where the fish came from, how the taste and texture could differ based on location, and gave us some great recommendations for a la carte dishes at the end. My friend got the Hokkaido uni and seasonal white cod "male caviar," which was a hilarious topic of conversation. I was very impressed by every single dish, and I think that Kusakabe has the best sushi rice in SF.Incredibly fresh sushi and playful banter made for a fantastic dinner after a long day at work. We'll definitely be back for more!
This was my first Michelin starred sushi restaurant so I was pretty excited about coming here. We sat at the bar, which is the ultimate Omakase experience. However, I thought the sushi was mediocre. Some of the pieces were great but others were just mediocre. I also didn't like how there was a combination of warm and cold dishes rather than being consistent. Meh, this Michelin restaurant didn't leave a huge mark for me to want to come back again or rave about. I'd much rather go to Sushi Yasuda in New York for half the price, also one Michelin starred.
Before I came to kusakabe last year, I loved sushi but really just those white-washed rolls and didn't really like eating just sashimi or nigiri. My sister raved about this place so I decided to come. The second I put that first nigiri in my mouth, I knew my view on sushi was changed forever. I didn't even know something could taste as good as a torched fatty tuna nigiri. Or snapper. Or white salmon. Or striped jack. The sushi is hands down amazing and so worth the price of 95$ compared to other restaurants. If ur debating on coming here compared to somewhere else, just stop and book ur reservation right now.
Exceptional meal, exceptional presentation, exceptional service.I was very fortunate to be taken here by a friend and not having too much knowledge about what I was going to experience, wow, what a surprise.I love sushi - from my favorite unsung hero spots (Domo, Ariake) to the biggies (Ichi, Ozumo), Kusakabe does not compare and is in a league of its own.The league being ... as close as an experience to dining in an upscale Tokyo sushi bar as possible. There were many things throughout the meal that reminded me of some of my fondest sushi experiences in Tokyo that no other sushi bar in the U.S. has been able to replicate. Part of this statement refers the beautiful nuances of traditional Japanese (food) culture (you have to visit Japan to understand this), to the delicate handling and serving of food - which in Japan - is a culture in its own right.End note: if you are willing to spend a nice dime for a three-hour experience and love Japanese cuisine, or if you've been to Japan and want to travel back quick without leaving from SFO, book your table.
Get a reservation for bar seating, enjoy a delightful kaiseki style dinner with the wonderful chefs.The omakase menu is updated on their website so there's no need to go into all the items and order that you'll be served, but it is absolutely the best fine-dining experience I have had so far! You will definitely notice the superbness of all the ingredients that are used, from the soy sauce to the toro. I did not find any of the items lackluster, every piece was a beautiful mix of flavors. A few of the new flavors I experienced here was the kelp konbu cha, a surprisingly sweet and buttery scallop, truffle with unagi wrapped in egg, and the zuke chutoro (lightly seared bluefin medium fatty tuna cured in soy sauce). Another a la carte item I encourage people to try is the BBQ white eel. I found this very special since most of the unagi you will eat in your life is pre-packaged and frozen. The chefs at Kusakabe buy their own eel and prepare it themselves. Even the sauce is prepped in-house, eel-based. I can't stop thinking about the experience I had here, I'll definitely be coming back.
No words nor stars can describe how truly amazing this place is. I've never had omakase in my life because I live in Houston. Houston isn't exactly known for the best, freshest sushi. Thus, when I decided to make a trip to San Francisco, I decided that I'll lose my omakase virginity there. After much research on Yelp, Kusakabe was the one. I made a reservation about a month in advance for a seat at the bar. Note that you'll have to provide them your credit card information in order for them to reserve a spot for you, and you have up to 48 hours before your reservation to cancel. Otherwise, they'll charge you. They serve dinner in two time slots: 5pm and 8pm. The host informed me that the 5pm slot is a bit more rushed while the 8pm slot is a bit more relaxed. Luckily, I had picked the 8pm time slot so there was no way they would ever need to rush me out of there. I arrived about 20 minutes early since I wasn't sure where the exact location was and didn't mind having to wait, but the host kept apologizing which was very nice of him. After about 10 min, he was able to seat me and introduced me to my sushi chefs. It was amazing to see them prepare all the dishes in front of me. It was a show of its own - no date required to enjoy your dinner. In the beginning, they ask for your favorite fish as well as any dietary restrictions. Then, the dishes start coming. Don't worry, they don't start preparing the next dish until you are done. They also explain the dish so you know what you're eating. Once you are done with the omakase, they will also hand you a dessert menu and a a la carte menu in case you want to order more. The dessert menu wasn't as enticing to me as the sushi menu so I ordered another piece of sushi. All in all, the entire meal came out to a little over $100 which was completely worth it. The meal took about 2 hours, which flew by quickly since I was enjoying my conversations with the chefs. The environment was fun, entertaining but also relaxing. I definitely enjoyed it and am glad that I came here for my first omakase experience. I'll definitely come back if I'm in San Fran again!
Yummy yummy in my tummy!Came here with reservations for my birthday with my boyfriend. We got seated as soon as we got in. There's only 2 seating (5:15pm and an 8pm one) - we had the earlier seating. The hostess was super friendly and gave me great recommendations for the right sake to pair with my omakase. I had the Tedorigawa Kinka "Gold Blossom" - and I usually don't like alcohol, but it was very light and smelled sweet and INDEED went well with my meal. The omakase each night may change, but it is a set menu for everyone and you can order more nigiri at the end of your meal if you're still hungry. Everything was delicious and the executive chef was the one serving me the other night so yay! The setup is very traditional seating, but they also have tables if you wish to sit there - but I would recommend the more authentic route and getting to speak to your chef throughout dinner. We started with Chu Toro with the sides seared - yum! Halibut with the mint leaf were an interesting combination, but super fresh fish throughout the night. My boyfriend's favorite was the Alaskan King Salmon - he says its the best salmon he's ever had haha - he ordered seconds after our omakase meal. I had another toro because it's my favorite! The Miyazaki Wagyu was also phenomenal - makes me miss Japan so much! The best part of the night was everyone singing happy birthday to me, and to my surprise - they all knew my name! Got my complimentary sorbet with a candle in it too! Bathroom smells good and is super clean too. Would love to return :)
At last, I was finally able to try out Kusakabe and it surely lived up to my expectations. I have been dreading to try out traditional Japanese cuisine for the longest time. I was never a fan of all the sauces that people love to drizzle onto their sushi now a days. I had to book a reservation month in advance because they get really busy as it is a fairly small restaurant.Their service was a bit lackluster considering the price and stature of Kusakabe. I felt neglected throughout the meal. I don't know if it had to do with the fact that my girlfriend and I were the youngest of age in the restaurant. However, that shouldn't be a factor in providing good service right?!Nonetheless, I had an amazing time sitting at the sushi bar because I was able to admire Chef Nori's knife mastery. You can really tell he loves what he does because each dish was carefully prepared and plated. Every part of the Omakase was delicious ranging from appetizers to the final part. All the fishes used were very fresh and melted in my mouth immediately. Words can't describe how much flavors filled my mouth every bite I took. My only criticism is the A5 Waygu was oversalted and not tender. Kind of disappointed. And there was more soy sauce than I liked on each piece of nigiri.Overall, if you love fresh sashimi, you can't go wrong with Kusakabe and Chef Nori's skills. But, be prepared to spend big bucks to satisfy your hunger!!!!
The meal was amazing and the service was so exceptional. No wonder they have a Michelin star. I loved the omakase menu because you really got to try a variety of things. We sat at the bar and really got to enjoy each bite of sushi as it came freshly made by the chef. It was absolutely incredible. Definitely recommend for at least once in a lifetime of you love sushi.
Omakase spectacular!I was fortunate enough to go to Kusakabe for my birthday. It apparently took my boyfriend's boss 6 months to get a call-in reservation. My boyfriend used the app "Reserve" and secured a reservation a month in advance. The app also pays the bill automatically once you are at the restaurant. Kusakabe was my first Omasake and Michelin star experience. They offer a $95 prefixe menu and automatically add tip to the bill. If you are still hungry after the prefixe (which is a lot, trust me), they have an optional nigiri selection for added costs, including octopus and sea urchin.The sushi is incredibly flavorful and they hand-grate their own fresh ginger and wasabi (sweeter and more delicate than ready-made wasabi). Kusakabe uses soy sauce, teriyaki, and lemon to enhance the delicate flavors of fish, so no need to add it yourself. The mushroom dishes were inventive and interesting, but too many for my liking (even though I love mushrooms). You are free to make specific requests in case you don't like a particular food like mushroom or egg, but do this in the beginning; they will ask you.1/12/15 Prefixe Menu Critique:1. Ichiban Dashi - Great broth to get the belly ready for the feast ahead.2. Sushi Prelude:    Zuke Chutoro - Bluefin tuna cured in soy sauce sauce and seared with a blowtorch.   Two seasonal sushi - My favorite was the halibut, which was cut thin enough to see through. My boyfriend loved the tuna with lemon.3. Sashimi - Perfect dish! The tuber slice was a nice added crunch. 4. Umami Soup - Personally, though there was too much mushroom for my taste, but overall good, delicate dish. Quintessential umami flavor. Not sure if I liked the rice and lotus root dumpling, but I'm glad I tried it. 5. Hassun (Le Petite Plats) - I did not enjoy the mushroom or egg plats, but the others were wonderful. My favorite was the warm truffle croquette and caviar oyster.6. Warm Dish - The flavor was too subtle. It needed a kick like an added spice. By this dish, I was getting sick of the mushrooms, so I did not eat the mushroom portion. I'm also not a fan of sweet potato (satsuma-imo), but it was an interesting dish because of the combination. I wish it had an added crunch to contrast the soft foods. If you are brave, look up Shirako, which is in the dish. 7. Three kinds of sushi - All delicious!8. Sushi finale (Your Choice) - I chose A5 Grade wagyu beef, lightly seared. My favorite sushi of the entire meal! A wonderful finale. For my birthday, Kusakabe also gave me a complimentary dessert, Chestnut ice cream - a unique dessert, but not something I would crave. They also sang "Happy Birthday," which was absolutely adorable. Overall, this was a fantastic experience! I would definitely recommend Kusakabe to any foodie or sushi lover who is willing to spend big bucks. Go ahead and indulge.
My sister took me here for my birthday and it AMAZING. Everything was fresh and seasoned nicely. This is one of the best sushi restaurants I've never been to, their omasake was great. There was delicious pieces of sushi, also had turtle soup, Wagyu beef, uni, and oyster. It's is pricey, but well worth it.
Amazing sushi place! I can understand why it has a Michelin star:) You get great service and great fish here. All of the sushi was fresh and prepared right in front of you (sit at the bar). We got the omakase preset menu and had the starter tea, many pieces of sushi, a soup, a warm dish, and a platter with an oyster, crab meat, and other yummy things on it! The staff was also very friendly and would explain everything to you - what you were eating and how they would recommend you eat it. The dessert was delicious as well! I got the pumpkin pudding with caramel on top and it was not too sweet, just the perfect texture. Come here for legit sushi!
After perusing a few prior reviews and photos, I had to see if Kusakabe lived up to the hype...and it did not disappoint! Apparently the place is completely booked for months; my date and I snagged a reservation for 5:15 on a Monday (maybe not an "ideal" time for most, but hey, I honestly don't mind; I'm down for sushi any time of the day or night!) I won't bore you with a detailed description of every single item because the menu is not secret; pretty much stays the same between weeks and months except for the seasonal fish of the day. We also shared wine pairing, which was solid. It all was fantastic, and I left very satisfied. The only thing that was less than fantastic, for me, was: - Umami soup with angel prawn and cod: I'm not a huge fan of cooked prawn, and I didn't like the texture of the condensed block of rice/fish in the middle.**Favorite pieces**- Zuke chutoro (melt-in-your mouth, perfectly seasoned and seared!)- Chef's sashimi, Maguro and Hokkaido scallop (so fresh~)- Copper river king salmon (with oboro konbu)- Toro (can't go wrong here)- UNI !!! I am an uni lover, so I ordered all three types (Kaisui, Bafun, and Santa Barbara) from the a la carte menu. Kaisui was definitely the winner, but they were all delectable. Dessert:- Chestnut ice cream parfait (was delicious, the ice cream was very rich and highlighted the chestnut perfectly)- Kabocha squash pudding (had an Okinawan black sugar glaze that made it perfect)Overall, definitely the best omakase & meal I've had in SF thus far.
The growing trend of Japanese restaurants opening in or near downtown is clearly at a fever pitch. Last year, a friend presented me with a gift card (yelp.com/user_local_phot). Due to scheduling logistics, it's been difficult to find a person and the time to enjoy this experience with me. On a recent Friday, I was able to make a 5 pm reservation for two at the table near the host stand, basically at the center of the restaurant. There are only five tables available which explains the difficulty in securing reservations without early notice. The remainder of the seating is on the L-shaped sushi bar which seats around twelve or fifteen. After my guest arrived, here's what we enjoyed:AmuseKonbu cha - Translates to kelp tea, this is more like a soup to me. Sorry, I drank this without taking a picture as I thought it was "just tea". Perfect elixir for foggy SF evenings.FirstNigiri toro, halibut, bonito (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - The first and the third were my favorites... how can you go wrong with those two?!SecondSashimi scallop and maguro (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Pristine, fresh, and tender. They were a nice contrast with one being soft (scallop) and the other firm (maguro).ThirdUmami tomato soup (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - My eyes widened as I searched for the tomato element. There is a large meatball at the center of this which reminds me of the chicken meatball at Delica in the Ferry Building.FourthHassun, oysters served with French caviar and four petit plates (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Like the second, fourth, and fifth plates (from the left) the most. The first one was a bit fishy for me.FifthYuba wrap (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Indulgence! Probably my best description given that there was foie gras in the center and summer truffles shaved on top.SixthNigiri Stripe jack, salmon, flounder (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Clean flavors and nice prelude to the highlight.SeventhSushi finale, grade A5 Miyazaki wagyu steak (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - All I can say, is "look at that"!After completing the tasting menu, our waitress kindly offered us their supplement menu in case we wanted to try something else or weren't full from the original meal. I chose the Lobster omelet sushi (yelp.com/user_local_phot). It's actually a flavored take on tamago (egg) sushi where the lobster flavor is infused with the egg. Enjoyed this as it was an interested take, but just don't get caught up on trying to find the lobster.There were also three desserts on the menu (one being panna cotta), but nothing was attractive to my guest so we passed.As many described, this is authentic Japanese cuisine served in a fine dining atmosphere without the stuffy dress code. As I walked to use the loo, I noticed a couple of awards to the proprietor as sushi maker of the year, not something that's commonly seen in these parts. Yes, I will be back, but need to make sure my dining companions are as open minded menu wise as me.
The sushi is undoubtedly great. The quality of the fish is extremely fresh, the technique that goes into slicing, seasoning, and delicately balancing the flavors of the nigiri (because rice is important too!) is impressive. You don't *just* get kanpachi or sake, you get the kanpachi belly that's seared in house-made yuzu and torched by the chef. Do I think $95 is steep? Most definitely. This isn't the kind of place where you go in and out for good sushi, you definitely go to experience the atmosphere and sample the skills of the sushi chefs. For those who are curious, Mitsunori Kusakabe, the owner, is the only one who slices the sashimi, an important distinction since the way the fish is cut can really make or break the sushi!I could go on and on about the freshness of the fish, and the never-before-tasted flavor profiles of the omakase, but I'll just let my pictures speak for themselves.tl;dr - delicious, worth a try, great for a splurge, fish is fresh! We were not hungry but if you do feel like adding to the omakase, the menu has some interesting offerings that you may not find in run of the mill sushi bars.
Really really good sushi. My SO and I were joking about how this may have ruined sushi from other places for us. Each dish and each piece of nigiri was deftly created and well thought out. Unlike most places, the sushi is served with the sauce brushed on, and each bite delivers a satisfying balance of flavors that brings out the natural taste of the fish. My favorite was probably the bonito, which had this nice smoky taste and a little bit of heat from the wasabi.The attention to detail really is extraordinary. We were watching the chefs prepare the chi ayu (basically long thin fish) for frying and they were dusting every fin and tail and then painting their bodies with flour in preparation for frying. Speaking of which, the chi ayu was served with a charcoal miso sauce and peppers which was really tasty; it had a nice earthy quality to it. Service was attentive and though dinner was long I never felt bored because it was a joy to watch the staff at work. Overall I great dining experience.
Kusakabe must be on a bad streak. I had the Omakase and 4 other pieces from the A-La-Carte menu. The rice was overly vinegary the entire night and took away from the taste of the fish for me. A couple pieces of fish had the chewy sinew and it wasn't palatable. Ambiance is very casual and does not feel like a 1 Michelin dining experience. Your money is better spent elsewhere.Winners: Zuke (so good I had a second) and Kan BuriChesnut ice cream for dessert was unexpectedly pleasant with their homemade cornflakes
I was really excited to try Kusakabe based on all the stellar yelp reviews and it did not live up to the hype. To be fair, I had just returned from Tokyo and after eating live sashimi from tsukiji fish market, my expectations were a bit high. However, I still feel that Kusakabe does not compare to many of the bay area sushi places... much less the michelin star rated places that I've been to. I did not feel that any of the dishes were particularly innovative. The worst part was the texture of the sashimi dishes. The tuna's texture was chewy and unpleasant. I think it's a bad sign when the best dish during an omakase is a warm dish. I did enjoy the selection of sake but then again, it's hard to mess that up. Overall, I think Kusakabe deserves 3.5 stars for the impeccable service and atmosphere. Personally, I wouldn't spend ~$150 per person to eat here again.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, more yes, and YES.Okay folks, listen up. I take my sushi very seriously. Like I don't think people understand... I eat that s#!T for breakfast, lunch, and dinner (and times in-between). I'm in relapse from sushi rehab. I've been to Japan and I literally have eaten at every high-end sushi restaurant on the entire island of Manhattan (including Masa which I thought was garbage).While visiting San Francisco for work, I was searching high and low for sushi spots. I went to one that was highly rated and I couldn't even stomach 2 pieces of sushi. I had to leave. I was extremely disappointed and felt like the SF sushi scene was hopeless. Then, I saw everyones glorious Yelp reviews. Knowing that I was let down before by you guys (my fellow Yelpers, come on now), I was skeptical. I decided to book a table at the sushi counter and I went by myself (this again reinforces how much I love sushi).I arrived and when I was seated, I saw the menu which said Kaiseki style menu and almost lost my s#!t. Kaiseki?! What? I thought it was omakase SUSHI only. I didn't read the online menu (clearly). I felt really upset and was sure that I wouldn't enjoy my meal. Don't get me wrong... I love kaiseki but I was craving sushi only (and lots of it).The meal started and I was told that after the kaiseki/sushi menu, I would be able to order sushi by the piece. I felt relieved and at least loosened up a little.I was blown away at how amazing each dish was. There was a lot more sushi than I expected (most of this menu is sushi) and the prepared dishes I loved as well. This place is a lot better than most of the very high rated sushi spots I frequent while in NYC. The tuna sashimi was the best I've ever tasted in my life and I was shocked because usually I don't like my sashimi so thickly cut. It straight up melted in my mouth and the sushi was just phenomenal. I won't describe every dish individually because they will likely change often and even if they don't, why ruin the surprise?If anyone complains about price, what I would tell them is:Please stop dining at establishments that clearly state a prix-fixe menu price and then go blast it for its price. Kusakabe is worth every penny. Period.
Omakase, yeah I know!You just got nigiri, eat sum mo'Listen up lovies, 1) Reservation is a must.2) Omakase is the way to go.3) Nice pairing of sake will do.I'm going to keep this short and simple...Thank you for taking me here. The nigiri was delicious, the sashimi was alright, the decor was simple, and the staff was attentive. I also like the quality and freshness of the food, but somehow it did not "WOW" me. Overall, I hope you give this quality Japanese restaurant a try. Cheers!
What a gem. Kusakabe is easily the best sushi restaurant in the Bay Area and likely California. We opted for the omakase (as everyone should) and thoroughly enjoyed each course. At the end, you have a choice of fatty tuna (toro) or A5 Wagyu, and I would suggest getting both for a nominal extra charge.I have two criticisms, both of which do not concern the superb sushi offerings. First, the server failed to notice that I am left handed, despite my rearranging of the flatware/chopsticks/tea cup every time she placed something down. Any quality sushi restaurant in Tokyo would have noticed that immediately, but I know I'm just being really nitpicky at this point. Also, I would skip dessert. We split a matcha cake with red bean and vanilla ice cream and it was nowhere near the elevated level of the sushi. Not bad, but it was incongruous with the rest of our experience.
This is the place to take your first-date, potential business deal or fiance to seal the deal. Of course, that chosen individual should, no... must!, have a fine appreciation for the art of sushi (and sake if you want to do it right).Aside from the survey revealing your preferences and avoidances, get ready for an authentic sushi "omakase" experience, the Japanese equivalent to haute cuisine.The menu is set so no decisions by the diner are made once the chef begins. The flow of the meal is akin to watching a fine classic opera. Submit and be seduced by the mesmerizing, increasingly bold, and savory flavors that only the most-skilled sushi chef can coax out of his ingredients.Once you finish the omakase portion of the menu, you are then welcome to revisit any of the arias or select from the daily fresh sheet.The staff members are very competent, courteous, and detailed. Great performance entertainment on a gastro-scale and in a subdued setting that is de rigueur to optimizing what is the finest sushi experience on the West Coast.
#875 =) For my best friends birthday we decided to go to Kusakabe to celebrate. Ambiance - charming, intimate, welcoming Quality- superb Service - efficient, friendly, accommodating Value - omakase at $95 a person is well worth it when you see the quality and variety of dishes that you get Sit at the sushi bar if you can, it's a far better experience! Highlights - Kuisui Uni, Golden Eye Snapper, BBQ White Eel, Lobster covered in rice popcorn, Copper King Salmon just to name a few! Overall ThoughtsOne of the best sushi experiences I have had in SF to date
Hands down the best sushi I have ever had. The whole experience was worth every penny- from excellent customer care, precise presentation, and well balanced flavors. This place transports you to the very heart of Japan. Thank you for taking me to the moon and back.
This place is amazing. There are only 3 more places left on my 7x7 list to get list done so I decided to come here with a friend who loves food. The restaurant has two seatings - one around 5pm and the other around 8:30. Since I like to eat a bit earlier, we got there around 5:15. The entire meal and service was amazing. We decided to get the wine pairing as well. Oh that was a lot of drinking - but the pairing was great! The 8 courses we had were amazing each in its own way. The favorites were definitely the toro and the beef. Melted in my mouth which was so good. We finished our meal and were stuffed. We did end up getting more drinks elsewhere, but no more food that night. Definitely highly suggest this restaurant to everyone for a meal. Though I think the best parts of our meals were the conversations people had next to tus. There was a table where it seemed like they were on a first date and the guy was tinder or something while on the date. It was actually kind of weird walking by seeing that. The table right next to us were two people on a date. The girl looked about half the guy's age. It was pretty interesting. Protip: get the omakase (get both the toro and waygu nigiri)
Great all-around experience! While it's definitely pricy, the quality of sushi you get is totally worth the money! The nigiri was the best I've ever had (although I'll confess I'm no sushi expert), and I like that the kaiseki style incorporated other non-sushi dishes for a well-rounded meal. However, my bf and I both agreed that the weakest course was the soup course. The staff was also very attentive, and described all the ingredients in the dishes placed before us. The omakase menu + dessert took about 2 hours in total, and we never had to wait long in between courses. Furthermore, it was great to be able to sit at the bar and watch the chefs prepare all of the dishes. Will be back again!PS: My bf wrote a Medium post if you're interested in seeing the menu we had course-by-course: medium.com/@kzmeyao/kusa
We came here for my boyfriend's birthday. He made the reservation over a month in advance as it is impossible to get something closer to the day of. They have two omakase seatings each night, the earlier is around 5pm and the later at 8pm.I got the wine pairing and my boyfriend opted for the sake (which just meant we got to try it all). He was in heaven. He keeps telling everyone about the best uni and toro he's ever tasted. We had a great time interacting with the chef and watching him prepare everything.The food was fantastic and the service was impeccable. Our meal took close to three hours. It was a full experience, not just a quick meal. We'd definitely return again (if we could afford it...).
I was very fortunate enough to be served by Chef Nori when I paid a visit to Kusakabe. Chef Nori does not speak as much as his fellow chefs, but his cooking is an art. I enjoyed every moment of watching the omakase dishes being prepared!My favorites from the night are listed below:- Zuke Chutoro Nigiri- A egg sponge cake with lobster paste (I think)- Beef croquet in dashi sauce- Uni Nigiri (perfect balance of rice and Uni)- Wagyu Nigiri (lightly seared and drizzled with lemon to bring out the full flavor of this amazing cut of beef)- Ankimo NigiriThere were some interesting dishes such as a tuna bone marrow gelatin that I had never tried before.In my visit, I learned that the menu doesn't change too often, but items do get substituted out based on what is fresh. Will definitely have to visit again in the future!
So far one of the best edomae sushi-ya locations in the city. The service was 100, fish super fresh, while the setting and vibe felt very authentic. Prepare to make resizes far in advance because they book up quickly! Can't wait to go again. Definitely must go if you are a lover of the raw swimmers.
If you're looking for a great omakase experience, look no further! I came here to "celebrate food" with my boyfriend. We honestly weren't expecting much since we've always been spoiled by great sushi. However, this place was amazing. The menu is set for you, showcasing many great chef creations. It cost about 95$ a person which is very affordable compared to other high end omakase restaurants. The seafood was all very fresh and slightly sweet (they're that fresh). You can practically taste the ocean in them. Our chef was great. He was informative with everything he was serving us. Their dessert menu didn't have too many choices but the pumpkin pudding was excellent. It wasn't too sweet and had the most creamy texture. The ambience is quite nice as well. It's a small, quiet restaurant. If you do give this place a chance, be sure to request bar seating for the full experience. And don't be afraid to skip the chopsticks and use your hands!
By far one of my favorite omakase experiences behind Maruya(before the chef change, don't know how it is now). My boyfriend and I decided to celebrate our 3 year anniversary here last week and it was a good choice. Getting reservations weeknights was easy but seemed more difficult for a weekend. We had reservations at 8, we arrived a little early and were seated at the bar, which is definitely the way to go for any omakase. I forget which chef we had but he was pretty cool to chat with. The omakase had 7 courses which was more than enough. The starting toro was a great way to start the meal. I really loved how they really took into consideration what fish you like and gave you fresh nigiri within the fish groups you like. I can't say that I didn't like anything in the omakase cause I liked everything. Well the only exception would be the ice fish in the chefs petite plate , it tasted ok but not my favorite fish but everything else was exceptional. The toro at the end was mouth watering and good! Definitely a great way to end the meal. When the omakase is over they hand you a a la carte menu to order anything extra. We love Uni so we ended with ordering that and extra toro, a5 waygu beef nigiri. A5 waygu was also great, it was fatty and slightly torched but it was so good! I would definitely get this again but I still love toro more! Kaisun and bafun Uni were the two Uni that we ordered and both were creamy with a good texture. It was melt in your mouth good and they did not have a weird fishy taste like some other units we have had in the past. They tasted super fresh especially since they were both imported from Japan. Overall, we really liked the omakase, but anything from the a la carte menu really racks up the tab. AGreat place for special occasions and for sushi purists. Definitely a place to try at least once! Total for 2 w/ tax & tip: $314
seize at the barobserve and salivateeasy lay-up with your eyes closedexperience umami in atomic levelbreak a bankrepeat
This is the second time I had a dinner experience here and my first meal since they were awarded a michelin star.After my first visit I wished I could return for dinner. This time was for a reunion and birthday dinner.The menu is expansive and full of special items.We were seated by the corner of the sushi bar and ordered the Omakase by Chef Nori. Amazing! The Omakase was mix of fresh sushi and other warm dishes, such a good combination. The fish was fresh and the preparation was excellent. The warm dishes were very good as well, you can order from the a la carte menu after the course. Every bite was delicious, an unforgettable meal!
Oh the hype is real.I was afraid coming here that it might be over hyped but Kusakabe definitely lived up to its reputation. The fish here is obviously superior in quality. The presentation is spectacular. The atmosphere is very trendy, open, and modern. I want to say this place has a more modern approach serving the fish than other omakase places. I loved how creative the dishes were and how intricate each plate was perfectly presented. It did not disappoint. If you're looking to have a great omakase experience without breaking the bank too much then Kusakabe is the place to go! Make sure you make reservations :)
Kusakabe has good value for their omakase. The crowd was pretty casual, not fancy at all. Unfortunately we didn't get the chef himself. I thought the food was good, but sort of unmemorable. Didn't really leave an impression, but I am a tough critic when it comes to sushi. I will say that sushi ran is not the same caliber without kusakabe.Would come again if in the mood for a real omakase. The truffle miso is a bowl of savory goodness. Best way to end a meal.
I really approve of this place! I had to make reservations a month in advance, but it was well worth the wait. I ended up taking my mom and we were seated at the sushi bar, pretty much immediately when we walked in. There was a bit of a wait before our waiter approached us, but the service was pretty good after that. Everything on the omakase menu for surprised us pleasantly dish after dish, but I think my favorite was the bonito, finale (got both wagyu beef and toro), and the kaisuke uni. Can't wait til my next visit :) really good price for omakase and the unique fish!
We love the sashimi and the sushi here. We were told that this is a sister restaurant of Shiro's in Seattle. So if you're a fan of Shiro's, you can expect a meal of the same caliber, but slight tastier. The courses here are kaiseki style, which we took it to mean dishes prepped with a variety of cooking techniques. What this means for guests is that we can expect to have our minds BLOWN away by the unique combination of tastes and textures.Get the omakase (last course is either the toro or the wagyu beef); don't fuss over which one to choose, you can always order a la carte after you're done with the omakase so I suggest you order the one you didn't order then.Be sure to also get the dessert. The yuzu one is a refreshing way to end the night.
Last night I went to sushi heaven!!! "Zuke" is to die for!Atmosphere: 5/5 Kusakabe is a bit misleading from the outside. You walk through curtains to get to the door. As you enter the small restaurant you get a very personal feeling. Everything is very modern and the decor is sleek and clean. Service: 5/5 We were lucky enough to get a place at the sushi bar (definitely the place to be!) and were never unnoticed. Water, champagne, and sake were refilled almost magically, as I rarely noticed our server filling our glasses! What I loved, was how friendly and attentive everyone in the staff was! Food: 6/5 Fresh. Delicious. Melt in Your Mouth. Sushi Perfection! Toro and Wagyu are must haves! Those are the first thoughts that come to mind! The amount of detail that our chef, Ken, put into every single dish was astounding! After we finished the omakase menu, we ordered several pieces a la carte and Ken personalized each one to our tastes. Ken is not just a sushi chef, he is an artist and makes every dish into a flavorful masterpiece! Overall:5/5 With a Michelin star, Kusakabe is not cheap, but it is by far the best sushi I've ever had and worth every single penny!
So what has anyone to say about a Michelin star sushi restaurant? Plenty. Our sushi chef was so friendly and a pleasure to sit with. The sake pairing complemented each and every bite we took. And now to the fish, was absolute perfection. It was one of those roll the eyeballs into the back of your head experiences that tickled the tongue to the point of torture. Why can't I have a bottomless tummy? An a la carte menu is available to order from, however only after your Omakase dinner. I personally ordered several pieces of Uni and Toro to finish off a perfectly thought out meal.
It's pretty hard to find Omakase (Kaiseki style) better than this in the city. At $95 person, you're in for a truly innovative and memorable meal.My only gripe is the nigiri is served in groups at a time vs. one at a time which takes away from the individuality of each piece. This may only apply to guests seated at a table,The restaurant seats less than 30 people; thus, advance reservations are a must. Also, keep in mind, they only serve Omakase here (an a la carte menu is available only after you finish your Omakase).Michelin star well-deserved.
ALL HAIL KUSAKABE. Their Michelin star is well-deserved.Echoing other reviews, BOOK YOUR TABLE IN ADVANCE...it could take a month or so.I was so excited to finally try Kusakabe, especially since it's extremely hard to find legit sushi nowadays with restaurants drizzling an excessive amount of sauce to fuse into the Western culture and to also mask the fish's lack of freshness.The omakase itself from beginning to end was like a roller coaster ride (except, I kept going up and up...the down was when I finally left). Every piece of nigiri or dish presented to us was SO EXCEPTIONALLY DELICIOUS. The fish literally MELTED in our mouths. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Everything was plated nicely which made it that much more appetizing too. What I really appreciated was Chef Nori's knife skills. He does all the cutting of the sashimi, and there would be assistants on each side of him that makes the nigiri rice. We got suuuuper lucky though, because we sat in the middle right in front of the chef, so not only did we get to admire his skills, but we were also served PERSONALLY by him! Dream come true for a sushi fanatic like myself. My only regret was the sushi finale, we expected it to go out with a *BANG* but it was more of a silent *bang*, the A5 wagyu and toro was slightly chewy. I HIGHLY recommend the king salmon, zuke, and uni. Those were all items that I got multiples of on a-la-carte (minus the uni, that's not part of the omakase...go figure). I also enjoyed their corn miso ice cream. MUST GET to finish off your meal! Service was mediocre considering we spent close to $400, but five stars still goes to Kusakabe for delivering high quality sushi and an unforgettable experience to us.Best meal of my life...EVER.
Came here for my 2 year anniversary with my girlfriend. I booked the reservation about 2 months in advance. About 2 days before, I received a call reminding me of my reservation and some questions about food preferences or restrictions.Thankfully, I was also able to get a seat in front of the sushi bar and even in front of head chef Kusakabe as well. I cannot even begin to describe how transcendental the experience was. It felt like we were transported away from SF and the hustle and bustle of Silicon Valley and invited into Kusakabe's own cozy home. The dinner started with a kombu-cha which blew our minds already with the amount of umami it contained. We then had zuke toro, bonito, the sushi chic, a jaw-dropping turtle dumpling soup, followed by more nigiri. While I cannot remember some of the specific fishes or the order of them as I'm writing this review months later, I do remember each piece being distinctly delicious. Chef Kusakabe brought about a lot of flavors that I haven't experienced in nigiri yet; he seems to love using citrus and acid as a way of lifting flavors and stimulating the senses. At every step of the dinner, Chef Kusakabe took the time to explain each piece of nigiri to us and what would taste and experience.We ended our omakase with pieces of Toro and A5 Wagyu beef both of which were so good that I wished I would never have to swallow and could just keep chewing them forever. We followed the omakase with some more pieces a la carte such as Kamasu (barracuda) and Kohada (gizzard shad - it was also my first time having Kohada and Chef Kusakabe was kind enough to explain the fish to me). The bill was pretty steep but when you see the love and inspiration that goes into each piece as well as the thought and quality of material, it was definitely worth it. The service was brilliant and the food was impeccable. I hope to return again soon in a different season to try new things!
If you are going to Kusakabe, sitting at the chef's table is absolutely recommended. They do kaiseki style menu, something I had never done before. Actually, there were a lot of firsts for me, softshell turtle, abalone liver, wagyu beef nigiri. I think they do only 2 services, 5ish and 8ish, we chose 5.15. Our Chef was very engaging and took the time to explain the menu items to us. He told us the kaiseki style menu is not about individual dishes but the entirety of the meal and I couldn't agree more, the entire experience was spectacular. A must try if you are open an experience of a whole new kind.
Don't get me wrong, the food is 5 stars. Everything was really good. The fish was fresh, sauce and rice were made just right... But everything was miniature size and lasted 1-2 bites. I have no idea how the couple next to us can take so long to eat 3 small pieces of nigiri. And the le petit four.. How much more petit can you go? Like another poster said.. I kept waiting for one dish that can fill me up. But I got nothing.There was a risotto dish and they put the food inside a clam shell.. Which is then set on a big plate. Yes.. Presentation is quite nice.. But I didn't spend $300 looking at my food. Also ... Risotto was not fully cooked but overall taste was fine. Get the Kaisui uni because it's really one of the best. Tip: don't talk while eating the delicious sushi here because 1) you should be enjoying each bite 2) you talk too much you might end up swallowing your food without ever touching your taste buds cux the portion is so small. It can sneak right through the tongue and straight to your stomach.
I might just be the one weirdo who didn't fall head over heels with this place. It's undeniable that fish is extraordinary: the Toro Bluefin fatty tuna was incredible and the grade 5A Miyazaki Wagyu was "melt in your mouth" good. But I wouldn't go as far to say that this was the BEST SUSHI EVER as most have mentioned in their reviews. For this price point and being sealed with a Michelin Star I expected so much more than what I got. We ordered the chef's tasting menu and after the sushi prelude, sashimi, nigiri and sushi finale I was still unsatisfied. I left this place disappointed and wanting more.....
Great Omakase menu. The courses are well designed and there were so many flavors and textures to keep your palate excited!! I wouldn't mind just a little bit more food for the price, but I really can't complain about the quality at all because it was top notch!
4.5 STARS. Took my mommy to a lovely dinner at Kusakabe yesterday to celebrate late mommy's day. My mother is just as crazy about sushi as I am (if not more) and after taking her to Wakuriya for her birthday, I had to find a comparable restaurant for Mother's day. Kusakabe is definitely of the same caliber as Wakuriya but the experience is entirely different.Omakase style dinner is pretty much the Japanese version of prix fixe except with a little bit more excitement to it because certain parts of the menu (specifically the sashimi) will change depending on what the sushi chef feels like making. That being said, the chances of you liking every single type of sashimi may not be 100% but that's to be expected with any tasting menu. Still, while certain cuts of sashimi were too thick or too chewy for my taste, there's no denying the freshness and quality of the fish. Of the omakase menu, my favorites were the Shigoku oyster with caviar with the petite plates, the miso glazed alaskan halibut, and the grade A5 wagyu beef. SO DELICIOUS. I'll have seconds of those three dishes, please.After the omakase (which lasts about 1.5 hours), they give you an a la carte menu to order from (you can only do a la carte after omakase). We tried the Aoebi (steamed blue prawn with crystallized egg yolk) - yummy but not what I expected. I imagined the crystallized egg yolk to look and taste different but it kind of just looked like yellow dyed roe and didn't really taste like anything. The steamed blue prawn was delicious though but I'm not quite sure if it's worth $7.5 per piece. We also tried the Sakuramasu (Japanese cherry salmon with cherry leaf) - yummy and melts in your mouth. The cherry salmon did not have the typical milky taste people tend to associate with salmon; the taste was milder but still delicious. For dessert, we each got a scoop of sweet potato ice cream which was super yummy! :)Atmosphere is slightly busier than Wakuriya. They had about 4 servers and 5 sushi chefs (W only has one server and one sushi chef). The place is also slightly bigger and was able to accommodate approx. 20 people when we were there. Dining experience lasted about 2.5 hours and was paced perfectly. We didn't feel rushed throughout the meal nor did we have any awkwardly long wait time in between dishes.Pricing wise, the omakase is $95 per person which I think is very reasonable for a Michelin star restaurant. Their a la carte items are more expensive if you consider each piece of nigiri is priced at around $7 to $15. This adds up fast but still, I would recommend trying one or two items from the a la carte menu and of course getting dessert!Only street parking available but we found parking easy enough! There are a bunch of metered parking spaces available on Washington Street.To sum it up, GO GO GO. Don't even think about the price or whatever else is stopping you. Just make that reservation!
I think I have a problem...whenever I see a Michelin-rated restaurant, my expectation goes through the roof and for that reason, I always leave these restaurants feeling either meh, underwhelmed or upset. Not to say Kusakabe wasn't good, I just wanted a little more of something...Food:Typical omakase menu with a dozen or so choices. Each was good, and some were better than others. There just wasn't one that really jumped out as spectacular or memorable. Though the worse selection of the night had to be the fried dumpling drenched in overly sweet plum sauce with undistinguishable fillings. I hate not being to tell what it is I'm eating.Price:Very fairly priced! For two people without alcohol, the bill came out to be slightly under $300. Much better than the astronomical $1100 at Saison. I'm still livid over what we paid there. Service:Service was good throughout the night just as expected. But...there was one middle-aged, square face and short hair dragon-lady server who needs to be taught a lesson or two on hospitality. Judging from her demeanor, I'd have guessed that she'd be more likely to work at a dim sum joint than a Michelin-rated Japanese restaurant. She rudely pointed us to our seats, repeatedly barged in with a hot bowl of soup and other dishes right between my husband and I when we were mid conversation and almost spilled on us. And not a single apology or an "excuse me". We also saw her spilling a third of a customer's glass of wine before serving it to them and didn't even bother to refill the spilled portion. Horrible, no manner!
Very memorable - excellent quality fish, amazing sake pairing!
I was super excited to try this place, plus its a "Michelin Star" restaurant. My favorite type of food is Japanese but I was not impressed with Kusakabe. You have no idea how excited I was to try this place, especially it was OMAKASE and having me giving it a 3 star, it hurts. Everything was good but it wasn't great. No wow factor. My first piece was the blue fin fatty tuna, lightly seared. That was pretty good but that was the best piece all night. Everything else that came after was not as good. Maybe that is why I was disappointed. It's not like I didn't enjoy my meal but I wish it was better. Maybe because the owner/head chef wasn't there? I'm not sure but I don't think I will be coming back.
Great Service and reasonable price. The urchin is not on omakase menu but u should try! The Hokkaido sea urchin is so much better than the california one.
I love sushi (eat it multiple times a week) and loved it. Gorgeous, zen space. Until I got home and puked my brains out... starting at 4 am, and continuing all morning. Bad food poisoning. Surprised - I wrote them an email and left them a voicemail, and haven't heard back. I spent $500+ for two people. You would think they would call. (Edit - they finally just texted me, and will reimburse me $95 for one omakase. I still spent 400+ to be sick as a dog!)Back to Maruya next time... after a little break from sushi.
Great dinning experience. I don't know another sushi place that's better. If I live in SF, I would probably go here once a week.
I love sushi. I dream of sushi. I'm addicted to sushi. Knowing this, the bf booked a valentines dinner at Kusakabe. Best. Meal. Of. My. Life. Every single item we had was phenomenal. Each piece of fish was the perfect bite. That umami flavor was present throughout the entire dinner. The warm dishes were equally as good! After the omakase, you'll be handed a menu to order a la carte. This is a must to try more of the unique nigiri that they offer. It's priced per piece so it can get expensive, but worth it! I recommend sitting at the sushi bar to get the best experience. It was nice to see the sushi chefs at work. And they were very friendly and informative if we had any questions. The sushi chef we were in front of also had a great sense of humor which made the entire dinner enjoyable. Do yourself a favor and make reservations ASAP! Especially if you LOVE sushi. You won't regret it!
came here last night with a friend after quite some time and sat at the bar again. kusakabe was at the helm, with about 5 assistants. it's always nice to see the chef in the restaurant in the middle of the action. restaurant is still clean - but its so popular now. i feel like things have gotten slightly sloppier because of that, or it just wasnt as impressive as the first time. it's still good - there are a few items i didnt love, and they took away that cracker with unagi on top! WAHHH! i'll probably wait another year or two to come back tbh...
This place sits about 4.5 stars. This is kaiseki style sushi, So its has some cooked dishes as well as nigiri. This place is was very good in both terms of its sushi and cooked food. The omakase contained1. Kelp tea2. Zuke chu toro3. Hirame nigiri4. Boniton nigiri5. Sashimi akami and hotate6. Soft shell turtle in riceball soup7. Platter with raw baby sardine and daikon, deep fried sweet fish, chu toro pressed sushi, shigoku topped with caviar8. Lightly fried abalone with uni soba risotto9. Stripe jack nigiri10. Barracuda nigiri11. king salmon nigiri 12. Otoro nirigiIn addition to these I also ordered bufan and kaisui uni. Though a bit pricey I highly recommended the try both because they are both awesome but do taste different. Kaisui being more sweet and softer than bafun. They deserve their michelin star.
Sat at the sushi bar. It was quite the dinner AND a show!! :]Even including Shiro's in Seattle (Jiro's son's restaurant), this was by FAR the BEST omakase I have ever had in my entire life. I understand why this place has a Michelin star. From every item given being completely visually stimulating to ABSOLUTELY fulfilling every part of my taste buds, this place has earned "my favorite restaurant" in my heart. The service was impeccable: from always having my beverages full to even wiping a single drop of soy sauce dripped on the table top. EXTRA kudos for KUSAKABE for making my boyfriend feel extra special on his birthday by having every staff member sing "Happy Birthday" to him by name! Thank you, KUSAKABE for making me fall in love with Japanese cuisine over and over again! Will definitely be back!!!
Back again a year later and to be honest, I was hesitant because my first experience was so amazing! How could it ever be topped?!I made this reservation 2 months ahead of my birthday for a party of 4 this time. Last year, I sat at the sushi bar because it was just me and my boyfriend. Their sushi bar has 17 seats total so unfortunately, it didn't happen this time. It can only handle parties of 2 or 3. The meal last night was still the best sushi of my life. Honestly, if I could, I would refuse to eat sushi anywhere else (in the US... still need to go to Japan!). It might have topped last year's meal because the 'Hassun' was so exquisitely plated and delicious that it was by far one of my favorite dishes I've ever had in a Michelin-star restaurant hands-down! Special credit needs to be given to our server Gabriela. She's probably one of the best waitresses I have ever had in a restaurant. She was so apologetic about the sushi bar seating, which was honestly not needed because I was forewarned ahead of time that it might not happen. She started me off with a complimentary taste of the Dewazakura Yukimanman "Snow Country" Daiginjo Sake (~$200/bottle). She gave us small tastings of other sakes before we decided on the Masakura. She did not rush us at all throughout our meal even though a colleague of ours was running late from a meeting. My friend mentioned she wanted a glass of wine over the sake, but settled on the sake after tasting GOOD sake! During the meal, I suggested to my friend she should still get her glass of wine if she really wanted one! A few minutes later, Gabriela must have over-heard because she brought over a taste of white wine! She has excellent booze taste buds!! She brought over a very crisp, refreshing glass that went perfectly with the seafood we were having. Her kindness, her attentiveness, and her management of the pace of the meal made it a truly memorable experience for us. Thank you Gabriela! Now will you spend a weekend in wine country with us? :)Pictures to follow the post. I'll let them speak for themselves for how amazing this place really is.
A little backstory - I have been to one, maybe 2 other Michelin rated restaurants so I am judging based on that. The good: medium fat toro. lightly seared deliciousness. The seared eel was a potential top 3 for me.sake was good and crisp - tried 2 versions and sample another.A5 wagyu TASTE was goodThe bad: hard to pick top 3 because of 1. limited omakase selection (previous 1 star sushi place (Wakuriya) had about 12 items on menu with a delicious palette cleanser towards the middle) 2.presentation and ambiance: presentation of food and table was something i would expect from ANY sushi restaurant. nothing stood out, everything was by the book and not really inspired. the place had seating for 4 tables of 2 and bar seating for another 6-8 people. coupled that the proximity to the neighbors and what do you get? noise pollution, constant bumping of elbows and chair, etc. it ultimately didnt feel like i was eating a 1 star place OR that i should be paying 100+/person to eat here. this seend more like a 40-60/person kind of sushi joint.3. plating. not everyone cares about this but i do - if you are rated, i expect an immaculate plate. maybe the dishes served had a massive thumb print on it. thats not appetizing nor is that professional. just wipe the edges before serving.4. Quality: while i am not expert by any means for fish, i know that i shouldnt be getting sinewy pieces in my wagyu and my toro. The taste of the wagyu was good unless all i was left with was the sinew. Very delicious taste. 5. Menu size: the course was a little smaller than i expected, granted they tried to pack variety into the meal. 1 dish would consist of a single soup but then it would be followed by a medley of fish, from egg yolk with wagyu peices, small oyster with caviar, baby eel, etc. this would be followed by the a la carte menu with sushi prices going from 8.50 to 14.50 with uni being the 14.50 option. tl;dr: 2/5 because of quality of food, ambiance, and because (partly my own fault) of my expectations of the Michellin star.
Best meal experience ever!I made a reservation for 5:45pm on Saturday night and had requested bar seating ahead of time. We were lucky enough to be seated right in front of Chef Kusakabe! The kaiseki began with kelp tea, something I've never had before, but exactly how you would imagine it to taste.The sushi prelude consisted of zuke chutoro, halibut, and bonito. The halibut was served with bits of halibut liver, adding a nice kick to each bite. The sashimi had hokkaido scalop and blue fin tuna nestled in shaved ice with fresh wasabi and yuzu onion sauce. I found the scallop surprisingly not chewy and delicious. I'd highly recommend using the sauce to give the sashimi lots of flavor.The "kamo dango" duck and "asari" clam Miso soup with Mitsuba leaflarge clam tasted amazing and overflowing with flavor. The duck meatballs were quite a treat. The hassun consisted of 5 different petite plates. Cod egg, black salmon, shigoku oyster with french daurenki caviar, toro with salmon flakes, and wagyu beef. My favorite was the cod egg since it tasted the most unique. I've never had caviar before, but it just tasted salty.The warm dish was a tofu-chwan-mushi with fresh steamed dungeness crab and nameko mushroom. It tasted so good and I wish I could have had more.The sushi chic consisted of wild hamachi, japanese barracuda, and alaskan king salmon with sakura leaf.The sushi finale is either the bluefin fatty tuna or miyazaki wagyu beef. My giflfriend and I split one of each. The bluefin fatty tuna just melts in your mouth and so does the wagyu beef because of it's high fat content. The wagyu is seared on one side and raw on the other side.After the Kaiseki style meal, we were presented with the a la Carte menu. We opted for the shirayaki (fresh bbq white eel) and the hokkaido sea urchin. This sea urchi tasted extremely creamy and is the best I've had. It is shipped from Japan and packed with ocean water to maintain the freshness. The piece of shirayaki was thicker than most unagi, had a crunchy skin, and sauced perfectly.For dessert we had the yuzu and shiso-leaf sorbet. I really enjoyed this dessert and it was not very sweet at all with lots of natural yuzu flavor.This place really encourages eating sushi the traditional way, aka with your fingers. I thought it greatly added to the experience and having Chef Kusakabe serve us personally was a HUGE plus. In between dishes, we had the pleasure of watching him masterfully prep the sashimi. I'd highly recommend coming here and sitting at the bar.
I feel like places like this are wasted on me, since my idea of quality sushi is a Lion King roll. Some foodie out there probably cried while reading that last sentence.All joking aside, hats off to Kusakabe. They seamlessly blended cordial service with excellent sushi (from Tsukiji Market!) and fully deserve their Michelin star. Regarding the actual food: I enjoyed sushi that was seared with the blowtorch most. I had to get the zuke twice from the "a la carte" menu because I loved it so much from the tasting menu.When making a reservation (that's several weeks out), make sure to specify a seat at the sushi bar. Watching and chatting with the chefs is pretty dang cool.
To experience Kusakabe is to get an education in good taste.Exquisite presentation. Unparalleled quality. Simple, warm, and beautiful decor... A thoroughly unforgettable experience!
In the last 3 months I went to three different Japanese restaurants that served an Omakase style menu. Omakase stands for a meal consisting of dishes selected by the Chef. I highly recommend this because you get to taste a wide variety of fresh fish and flavors that you may not normally would order. You will likely try something that you have never tried before and be pleasantly surprised. Out of the three Omakases that I tried, Kusakabe, by far, was my favorite. (The other two places I went to was Kabuto in Las Vegas & Kru in Sacramento, feel free to check out my reviews for them.)Kusakabe stood out above the other two primarily because of their flavors. It's been a long time that I tasted something and was wowed over and over again. Servings come in bite sizes so it's okay to eat the whole thing in one bite and wait for it.... ah... foodgasm!!!! No exaggeration, the food was so good that we kept ordering more and more from the "second menu"; we couldn't get enough.The second reason why this was better than the other two was the friendliness and professionalism of the staff. From the Hostess, Grace, to all the waiter, waitresses and of course, the Chefs, my cousin and I really enjoyed ourselves. We sat at the bar and everyone was very attentive and was more than happy to explain and answer any questions that we had. The Omakase in Vegas was so rigid that you almost didn't want to ask anything or even speak. I like to learn about what I'm eating and have fun while I'm eating. The Staff at Kusakabe, definitely provided that atmosphere. There are approximately 15 seats at the bar, a large table for 8 or so, and three small tables for parties of two. If you go, try and get a seating at the bar; you'll have the most interaction with the Chefs and you get to see how everything is prepared; it's a real treat! Our meal started with a Welcome tea made of Konbu cha or kelp tea; it tastes much better than it sounds... drink up!Our first bite was Zuke Chutoro (lightly seared bluefin medium fatty tuna cured in soy sauce), maaaaaaaaaaaan.... ah...sorry... another foodgasm just thinking back... this had such a powerful flavor; you'll be very surprised. And the rest of the meal continued on with every bite just as good as the first.The most surprising dish was the Suppon umami soup with Domyo-ji Manjyu (Soft shell turtle soup with sticky rice). I know, it's hard to comprehend that you are eating a sweet innocent turtle but you just have to have an open mind and try it. YOU WILL WANT MORE!In addition to the Omakase menu, we also ordered: Ayu (Japanese Sweet fish with grated Japanese cucumbers)Ji Kinmedai (Lightly cherry wood smoked golden eye snapper)Umimasu (Tasmanian ocean trout lightly poached)Kohada (Gizzard shad with crystallized egg yolk)Kaisui Uni (Deep ocean packed Hokkaido sea urchin)I would eat each and every one of those over and over again. Hot tea came with the meal but we also ordered Yuki no Bosha "Cabin in the Snow" Junmai Ginjo sake which was light and fruity, went well with the meal. For dessert we had the vanilla panna cotta with Ume caramel and Fresh corn and white miso ice cream parfait... go for the fresh corn and white miso ice cream parfait... delicious! The grand total for our meal was $351.26 (tips not included) but it was worth every penny and I would go back again and again... pocket book permitted, that is!
Ard $95/personPreix Menu- 8 different dish (one peice of sushi each time and some small dishes)Very good quality of fishVery good experience We were so full after we finished all the dishesGreat place to celebrate Birthday They will give you a free bday cakeMust try once in a life time
It was awesome. Could do a little less of the cooked foods but serves as a balance of hot and cold. A few items that makes you rethink your existence, the universe, and everything you've done up until now:1. Zuke Chutoro2. Anikmo3. Short Spike UniClose Seconds are:1. Scallop2. Negitoro Square Nigiri3. Hirame4. Red SnapperStrangely the Finale of A5 Wagyu or the Bluefin Toro didn't make the out of body experience criteria.
Kusakabe sweep us off our feet. It is hands down one of the best omakase experiences ever! Reservations are required and fill up quickly. Ambiance is great. Bar seats are the best seats in the house because you get to interact with your sushi chef and watch them make each piece. Our chef was super tentative and friendly. Each piece was perfectly executed and A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. I highly recommend this place if you love sashimi (raw fish). Overall, this place will blow your mind and is worth every penny! I will definitely be back!
The best sushi I have ever had in my life, as I have yet to visit the fish markets in Japan since when I was in Japan we were on some tour group thing (never again). A friend of mine had mentioned Kusakabe a while back, and so when we needed a catch up dinner they picked this magical place and made reservations a month ahead of time online. The decor is beautiful and modern. Looking into the restaurant there is a section up front with tables and then a long bar where omakase would be served. We of course decided to partake in the omakase- and honestly they put the OH-MAI in omakase. I now see why this year they earned their first Michelin Star. I ordered a beer to go with my meal and then it began. Course after course of deliciousness. Our young sushi chef also patiently waited for me to take a snap of each course, before explaining what the item was. I would notice the mental sweat drop forming each time he'd have to wait, but then he just laughed when nonchalantly mentioned that this was not the first time he'd seen women do this at restaurants. Over the course of dinner we'd gab with chef about going back to Tokyo and how he saves up at least 10k every time just to eat the latest new foods. 10k for just food during a month long trip. That's a lot of noms y'all. The final course came and you could choose between seared A1 waygu and super noms otoro. I actually picked the waygu and nommy nom noms it was indeed. I ended up ordering a second. The best thing was it was also affordable in terms of how omakase goes. With 2 extra orders and a beer the total was $136. I would go back in a heartbeat, best sushi around.
HORRIBLE HORRRRIBLE service!!!! When my dad pulled in his chair to sit down, there was a NEEDLE / nail stuck on the chair that punctured a hole on his thumb! His thumb was bleeding and everything. The manager apologized for maybe 1 second and left. And the waitresses simply did not give a crap. They didn't even switch out the chair! For the rest of the evening, the waitress was just very rude. They barely explained what each food item in front of us was and didn't even offer any dessert at the end. Just.... unacceptable.1 star for the kobe beef nigiri + 1 star for the toro nigiri (chose both for the "finale" course). Overall, the food was just ok. Nothing spectacular. Many pieces were very bland. Expensive and not filling.
"This is the best sushi I've had since Tokyo." -The Boyfriend.There. I'm not the only sushi snob in this relationship. But seriously, it is pretty great sushi. I mean, for a month-long wait, you kinda hope (almost expect) it to be great. And up until the first bite of nigiri, I was skeptical. To start, we were given a cup of kelp tea, which definitely wasn't a favorite. Sea-y (yes, that's a word... now) and tart, it was a strange combination that my tastebuds wanted no part of. So, once I washed away the flavor with some sake, I was ready to eat.The prix fixe menu's not set in stone, so don't be intimidated.Every. Single. Nigiri. Was delicious. There wasn't a single one that I chewed quickly and had to wash down with water. You know what I mean. No. Nothing of the sort. I told the waitress at the beginning that I loved salmon (sake) sashimi, so that Chef Nori can accommodate to that style and flavor. The boyfriend opted for eel (unagi), so a good deal of the fish was buttery, creamy, and BBQ/smoky-flavored. Exactly what we love.We also opted for the sake pairing which went well with each menu item, but didn't blow my mind. I'd say that's optional, if you're interested.For the final course, if you're trying to choose between the bluefin fatty tuna (toro) or the marbled beef (wagyu), I'd say go for the toro. I'm salivating as I'm thinking back to it. I mean, didn't try the wagyu, so I can't be 100% sure, but that toro... just... no words. You can order it a la carte, too, if you're unsure (and still hungry).Speaking of still hungry, we were STUFFED at the end. Hard to believe, since those bites of sushi are so small (and so good). Despite that, though, we had to try some dessert: the matcha and azuki chiffon cake was a perfect ending to an incredibly delicious and veritable Japanese meal.A well-deserved Michelin star, folks.
Fantastic!!!Wonderful!!!I just say, as good as it gets!
I love Sushi Ran, so when I heard Chef Kusakabe opened his own place, I was dying to try it. I love the interior decors--very modern yet scream Japanese with the wooden bar and kitchen. The omakase here is more kaiseki style, which consisted of soup, hot dish, cold dish, sashimi and sushi for $95pp.I was lucky to be seated in front of Chef Kusakabe, who was really friendly. I love how the kitchen was opened so that I could watch all the chefs in actions. Everything tasted superb and well-balanced! I enjoyed the selection of sushi very much...many of them consisted of the delicious seasoned sushi rice and some with marinaded or torched fish. I enjoyed how the omakase consisted lots of nice and seasonal assortment of fishes and miyazaki beef. Some of these fishes include buri (wild hamachi), hokkaido scallops, chu toro, bonito, hirame, wild salmon, etc.The wait staffs were so nice! They were quick to refill water, clear dishes and get us drinks or dessert we ordered. Our waitress forgot one of our drinks for a bit but she came back apologizing sincerely and joked she poured a little more for us cuz she forgot. She was so sweet. Highly recommended and would definitely go back again, for the same or different omakase menu!
This place is the bomb. Personally I think it is a top 3 sushi place in California and the best sushi in the Bay.You have no choice but to sit back and relax and enjoy the Chef's Omakase menu (12 courses) which is priced at $95 a person. From the top of my head if I can remember:-Welcome Tea-Blue fin medium fatty tuna-Two seasonal sushi of the day-Sashimi served on shaved ice-Snapper Soup-Chef's petit plates-Alaskan Halibut-Three more seasonal sushiAnd last but not least a pick between fatty tuna (toto) and A5 Wagyu. Get both if I were you at 12 dollars extra. Oh and also if you're feeling rather indulgent order more pieces that are not on the Omakase menu. FOR EXAMPLE THE UNAGI. Best unagi I have ever had hands down.Over and Out.
This place definitely earned their 1 Michelin star rating. Service was attentive, but not intrusive. Omakase dinner was innovative & you can order a la carte items post dinner.
This place was exceptional from start to finish... I'd been to some place in Yountville the night prior that had something to do with laundry and frankly I enjoyed everything about this spot so much more. Non pretentious, attentive service and simply incredible eats. I will be back. Often. I sense those that left negative reviews aren't quite as worldly as they pretend...
Sitting at the bar and watching our sushis being made, and then eat them right after they're made was quite a wonderful experience.This is more of a sushi-focused restaurant, so their omakase had more than half dishes of sushi. They were amazing, perfectly seasoned, wonderful melt-in-your-mouth fish.
Service was absolutely amazing! I loved every piece of sushi we enjoyed at this lovely restaurant. My husband ordered the wine pairing and I ordered the sake pairing. It was a unique experience for us, as we have never been able to do pairings at a sushi restaurant. We had our own personal chef and were able to watch him prepare everything. At the end of the 9 course tasting menu, we were able to order additional pieces that we loved. Very expensive but truly memorable.
Excellent and creative omakase style meal. The quality of fish is probably some the best in SF, the preparations are more creative than at Omakase or Maruya, the two other high end kaiseki style places in SF. The atmosphere is more relaxed than at Omakase and the technique probably better than the current chefs at Maruya. The sushi is prepared in other styles than the Edomae with lots of marinating, layering of flavours and even wood smoked. TL:DR If you want to experience sushi and sashimi beyond rolls and at the highest level of skill and quality of fish this is probably one of the two best places in SF (Omakase being the other place). If you think rolls with avocado and huge slabs of brightly coloured fish is sushi you will be probably not like this place and whine on yelp about small pieces and other stupid comments that show your ignorance.All the deets:Price-one set price of 95 not including drinks or tip. Two seatings at 5pm or 8pm-if you show up a bit early for the 8pm they can seat you if there is a space free. Always sit at the bar. There are four tables but you loss the interaction with the chefs and getting to watch them work. The focus is mostly on the sushi and sashimi so although it's coursed and plated like kaiseki there aren't all the courses and dishes you would find in a full kaiseki meal in Japan.As part of the omakase we had 8 pieces of sushi, 4 pieces of sashimi, a turtle soup, a "risotto", a wonderful arrangement of small bites they billed as a petit plats. They put tamari on anything they felt needed it beforehand and only the sashimi was served with wasabi. There were so many flavours already in each piece of sushi several of which were fermented or served with shiso or other small garnishes meant to compliment the fish. They did give us a menu with the omakase order for the night and for the last course which was sushi you could pick toro or wagyu. They did not end the meal with a Mizumono, a seasonal dessert so we ordered the chestnut ice cream that came with chestnut chantilly creme and bits of waffle cones. It wasn't too sweet and nice way to end the meal. The meal start with a kelp tea. We ordered additional buckwheat tea.Beside the sushi that came with the omakase we also ordered the Sakurani, 8.5, Tea braised Hokkaido octopus and Shimaaji, 8.5, Stripe jack with sweet daikon radish. We didn't get them because we were still hungry just because we were greedy and wanted to try them. Like most authentic places the sushi is by the single piece.Beside the spectacular quality of the fish, the highlights was the petit plats particular the Shirako with moutain yam and the uni egg with black truffle. The egg was only one bite and the Shirako dish was only two bites but they were perfect in terms of flavour, texture and presentation. I also really enjoy the turle soup which was the Futamono with rice ball filled with turtle meat in a broth. The Gohan or rice course was underwelming with a very small amount of uni. The cherry wood smoked sushi was also a bit too heavy on the smoked flavour.The chef who served us was Chinese while the owner and head chef is Japanese. The coursing is traditional with a blend of warm and cold dishes. The service both the chefs and other wait staff was friendlier than at Omakase or Maruya.The space is small but fully wheelchair accessible including the bathroom. It's a quiet meal that was paced perfectly. Park on the street was easy to find.
This is an awesome sushi experience and definitely a place to check out if you like sushi. You should make reservations for this place but I heard they also take in walk-ins if people cancel. They call you a few days before your actual day to confirm. Everyone greets you in Japanese (even the chefs) when you walk in. They also let you check in your bags and other things for free. It's $95 per person and at the end, you get to order food  la cart. The food is really good and the chefs explain everything they give you. Overall, this is a great omakase sushi place for special occasions with excellent food.Pros:-Great tasting sushi-Chefs are really nice
Oh my freaking goodness. SO GOOD.I got really lucky because this one random night, I called up a friend and he happened to have a reservation for 5 that very evening for dinner. They had an open spot and voila, I got to get a spontaneous dinner spot here. IT WAS AAAMMMAAZZZZIINNNNGGG and an unforgetable experience. I hope to take my darling husband here to enjoy it some day.
Good, but not the best. I had the omakase here and thought everything tasted pretty good, but there was just something missing. I can't quite place my finger on it. You know when you know it's the best sushi ever? This place didn't hit it for my sushi snobbery.And what the hell with that kelp tea/soup thing? That was just funnkkyyyy. Not exactly the way I wanted to start my meal, however maybe that's just a Japanese custom I'm not familiar with.For there being so many great sushi places in the bay area, I wouldn't jump at coming back here right away.
Dining at Kusakabe is truly an experience. I have few other meals to use for comparison, but Kusakabe's simplistic omakase offering leaves your experience entirely up to the chef, who has crafted the menu based on seasonality and quality of ingredients. Each guest must first complete the $95 omakase menu, and then there is the choice to order more dishes a la carte. My boyfriend and I came for his birthday dinner and were seated at the sushi bar for the full experience. The first course was a kelp tea, which reminded me of a light seaweed soup. The light umami flavors were the perfect way to cleanse your palate for the meal to come. The next course was a sushi prelude, which included four different cuts of nigiri based on both the chef's choice and your personal preferences. Each piece is served individually, with both wasabi and soy sauce painted and melded into the nigiri for a complete bite. My favorite of the prelude was the seared fatty tuna, which had the delicious charcoal flavor of the sear paired with the rich buttery flavor of the fish. The next course was sashimi in ice, which featured fresh raw scallops and tuna. The presentation was beautiful, and I was extremely surprised at how fresh the scallop was. The soup course was next, which was an umami broth with a crab and tofu cake. I could drink bowls and bowls of this soup- the flavor was amazing and the fresh pieces of crab added a nice brininess to the bowl. The hassan course followed, and this was by far my favorite. The long platter featured five small bites- cucumber and ice fish, tomago and unagi, fresh oyster, tuna nigiri, and then a crispy soft shell crab fried with rice crackers on the outside. The crab was the best, with the rice cracker breading adding an extra element of flavor to the typical fried crunch. Next, the hot course was a miso glazed halibut on top of a garbanzo bean puree. This dish was somehow the heartiest of the night, despite the fact that the halibut was extremely delicate and flakey. The sushi finale then follows, with another three pieces of nigiri. My favorite here was the cherry salmon, a particularly fragrant and bright salmon with a slightly sweet flavor. For the final course, you're given a choice of the wagyu beef or otoro. I went with the otoro, which was the perfect last bite and testament to the quality of the ingredients and food that Kusakabe puts out. My boyfriend was given a free birthday dessert, which was a shiso sorbet. The clean flavors of the shiso left our palates light at the end of the meal, and I couldn't have asked for a better dessert. Kusakabe is a must-try in San Francisco, with few other sushi restaurants that offer something similar. The entire ordeal lasts about 2 hours with just the omakase, so schedule a block of time to just truly enjoy amazing Japanese cuisine!
One of my best dining experiences in San Francisco. Get the bar seats, in front of the head chef.
For my 400th review, it's only fitting that I cruise into this landmark event with a 5 star review of what I consider to be one of the best dining experiences I've had. Kusakabe basically puts any sushi I've ever had to shame. And, after some discussion with my husband, it's possible that this would outrank our sushi experience in Tokyo. I initially was skeptical about a prix fixe menu at a sushi place, but to be honest, I wouldn't have it any other way - Chef Nori knows what he's doing. And before everyone goes crazy about how you can't get full off of a prix fixe sushi menu, just know that if you're inhaling your sushi at a pace that you can't enjoy it, well then you've done something wrong.I'm sure the menu changes frequently here, so in the interest of wanting to make this consistent, the outstanding items we had here were the Zuke Chutoro and the Miyazaki Wagyu beef sushi. The most beautiful plated dish of the chef's four assorted small plates with the oyster, and Kusakabe made miso soup insanely amazing when it threw in some black truffles for mine, and a duck meatball for my husband. Each sushi piece we had was mindblowing, and while we agreed that all the fish we had leading up to the finale was amazing, the last pieces of the wagyu beef and the bluefin fatty tuna was really what pushed things over the edge. The bill was, well, what you'd expect at a place like this, but in all seriousness, if you could only throw down money at an amazing dinner, and you appreciate the delicate attention to detail, please choose Kusakabe. I must absolutely come back here again!
I went to Kusakabe with one of my best friends to celebrate our birthdays together. Kusakabe was recommended to me as "the best omakase in San Francisco" and easily exceeded that bar. To start, I love Japanese food. By that I mean I am a voracious consumer of sushi/sashimi, yakitori, ramen, and basically all food things Japanese. Kusakabe rocked, pure and simple. It was probably my favorite omakase meal since my first experience at O Ya in Boston many years ago. Kusakabe's omakase is served in the kaiseki style and, for the quality of the meal, is priced quite affordably at $95pp. There are a total of eleven courses, with an option to order additional items a la carte at the end of the meal. The entire experience was like a culinary symphony of thoughtfully orchestrated flavors, textures, and even temperatures - beautifully balanced and never in excess. Each bite of nigiri was delicate and nuanced in flavor. The thick slices of sashimi were fresh and melted in your mouth. There is also a very harmonious transition between the cold and warm dishes. Some of the courses that were particularly memorable included the zuke chutoro, the wagyu beef, and the hokkaido uni. I also loved the ambiance at Kusakabe. The space is intimate and inviting, with an understated elegance. Service was impeccable, on par with what you would expect at a high end Japanese establishment. The chef was warm and friendly. He was approachable when engaging with guests but never intrusive. At the end of the meal, the staff served delicious complimentary desserts to us for our birthday. It was an incredible meal from beginning to end and I can't wait to go back the next time I am in San Francisco.
Came with my wife to celebrate her birthday and early Valentine Day since this place is hard to get reservation on the weekend. I was lucky to get last minutes reservation because someone is canceling.I wouldn't comment further and spoiled the detail for you guys. Book this place already and experience it for yourself. Food   : 5 stars (Blue Fin tuna and Wagyu Beef really stand out)Services : 5 stars (all servers and chefs are friendly)Price    : $$$ (You get what you pay)
I really enjoyed my time at Kusakabe. I would have given 5 stars, however, the part of the omakase I was looking forward to the most (the finale of A5 Waygu and Toro nigiri) was probably my least favorite portion of the service. Reason being, there was a tendon or something in both the toro as well as the A5, I just could not chew it down, had to eventually spit out what seemed like a little ball of chewed up dental floss by the time I was done with it. Aside from that small let down, everything else was top notch IMO. I was impressed by the thoughtful simplistic nature of everything from the flatware/stemware/accessories -- to all of the various tastings in the omakase. I'd definitely come back here again.
4.5 STARS*** (I wish I could give half a star)I love sushi and I love it that they have a tasting menu.I took one star off because I just couldn't get over some of their broth and tea, both kelp flavored - which they served in the beginning, middle, and end of the meal. It was a bit too much for me. :(The environment, food, presentation, and service were fantastic. I'm surprised the place was so empty for dinner. It's pricey, but worth it! I'd totally go again, even if I had to drink the kelp tea/broth. :P
A great value omakase meal. Like how the sushi was interspersed with soup and kaiseki style dishes so that you don't get sick of eating nigiri after nigiri. The highlights:-seated at the bar and served by the main chef. He is very nice and detail oriented. Definitely is skilled at his craft- hokkaido scallops: sweetest and most tender scallop sashimi I have ever tasted- wild caught hamachi (yellowtail): marbled and delicious, and only comes around once a year as most hamachi are farm raised- oyster with caviar- toro to cap off the omakase menu at the endService was attentive and it was interesting to watch the behind the counter action with his sous chefs.Highly recommend this experience!
Most innovative Omakase that SF has to offer.PROTIP: Don't forget to tack on extras that aren't included in the Omakase. We tried pretty much everything but what left a mark in our memory was:- Bafun Uni- Lobster Tomago
The best sushi in SF! Nori Sans gave us an amazing experience explanations everything he made and served us. Definitely coming back here. Every piece of sushi was so beautiful, and it melted in our mouths.
For some reason, good sushi is hard to find in San Francisco. That being said, Kusakabe definitely is one of the better places for sushi in SF. I think this is one of the places I've been most excited about trying in recent memory. It did not disappoint.I visited Kusakabe with a couple of friends and we were fortunately seated at the bar. In my opinion, the experience of an omakase meal is maximized when you are eating at the sushi bar, as opposed to at a table.Rather than bore you about my opinions of each dish I consumed, I'll just say the staff are really accommodating and attentive. The chef that was preparing the majority of the meal asked us if we had any preferences at the get go so that he could tailor our experience based on that (for example, a friend didn't like ikura, so he excluded that from one of the dishes during our meal). Since we couldn't decide between the o-toro or the wagyu beef, we decided to get both, and also added an ankimo a la carte at the conclusion of our meal. I couldn't resist but be super basic (like, super super basic) and take photos of each of the dishes we were served.Although there was a seemingly intoxicated customer who was acting quite immaturely and kept on pestering our party along with other restaurant patrons with offensive behavior and remarks, the staff were responsive and professional in handling the situation, which I definitely appreciated. We were still able to enjoy the meal in spite of this customer's antics, so that was definitely a positive.While it is pricey, you'll get a fine dining experience that is well worth it - and the quality of the food is perhaps some of the best you can find in terms of Japanese food/sushi in SF. I'd definitely recommend Kusakabe and think it's one of the best sushi experiences I've had in SF and in the Bay Area overall.
I have lived in Japan for 6 years and the sushi here is pretty comparable to there. Probably as good as Sushi gets outside of Japan. Wonderful experience, wonderful chef, etc...Price is reasonable for the quality of sushi. I only wished I had more to eat!
The chef that took care of us was absolutely phenomenal. His name may or may not have been kevin? I'm not sure... but he was amazing. He was the su chef, and has worked with the executive chef for many years; that much I remember. The concept (omakase only) is not unique, but I did not feel as though I got my money's worth by the end of the meal. Ordered off of the a la cart menu after the full omakase offering was finished and was still hungry after all was said and done. Probably won't be back due to the unsatisfied feeling after a eating a fairly expensive meal, but certainly enjoyed the service.
Ok, I love this place...but I hate this place. Why do you hate it Aaron? I'll tell you why, imaginary person...it set the bar so high for me from a sushi standpoint that any other sushi spot I've been to, thus far, is now mediocre (at best).Sadly I can't remember most of the nigiri I had. Mainly due to the fact that I slept on posting this review, and have therefore let too much time elapse since I was at Kusakabe to remember the names. BUT, I will say that there was this egg soup something or other that was divine. A clam nigiri that was CRAZY good. The first nigiri was also really good, maybe because it was just such a KAPOW to my taste buds. There are plenty pics with this post, so fear not, you can see the artistry that was so beautifully put together by Shinsuke. While I'm on the subject of Shin, this young man deserves a mention. He's very interactive and friendly and just an all-around cool guy behind bar. He took the dining experience to the next level. Why is this important? It's not just about the food, it's the overall dining experience that makes the visit GREAT. And I'm glad we had Shin serving us that night.This place is dope and I'd definitely coming back.
Excellent omakase and lovely service. The only thing that made me cringe a bit was the turtle meat in the soup rice ball thing... when they asked if there was anything I wasn't ok eating I assumed they meant fish. Oops! Didn't know turtle would be on the menu. Aside from that, the sushi was my favorite part of the evening. If they had a sushi-only omakase I would be all over it. That said, I would come back again to try other items once the menu changes.
The omakase is worth the price!! Seriously fresh fish -- quality is exceptional! You have to make reservations! It was filling enough for my friend and I so we ordered more. But I loved how there was so much pride in the customer service. Definitely coming back here!!!
Amazing place, but very expensive
After multiple visits over the last year, I have to say that great has gone to excellent. My one gripe regarding the rice has been negated and they serve some of my favorite nigiri. I only wish I could sometimes skip some of the non-sushi dishes and go straight nigiri for the entire meal. I guess I'll just have to "suffer". Truly world class. Enjoy before the next recession.
So glad I found this place! My friend is really into sushi and I wanted to find a nice restaurant for his birthday since he's pretty picky. I made reservations online two weeks ahead of time - make sure you specify that you prefer bar seating. When we got there, we actually got seated right in front of the chef - although I didn't even realize it at first since I was too busy watching all the food. My favorite parts of the meal was the sushi prelude and the warm dish, which was a halibut. Looking back, I almost wished I told them I didn't eat shellfish either since my friend's substitutions looked better. The scallop in my sashimi was replaced with tuna and the fried crab leg in the small plate was replaced with wagyu. Overall, everything was still really tasty, except the kelp tea..If you're deciding between the toro or wagyu at the end, definitely go with the toro! It was amazing. I ended up ordering the wagyu during a la carte, but it was not as impressive.
Chef Mitsunori Kusakabe has emitted his global culinary footprint at various Nobu establishments as well as his Michelin star restaurant, Sushi Ran. In 2014, he opened KUSAKABE, the brainchild of his life's work, which features sushi and other plates prepared in the "kaiseki" style. "Kaiseki" style is typically a multi-course meal that features "Five Colors, Five Tastes, Five Senses, Five Methods" - a little bit of everything, if you will. Omakase means that you'll leave it up to the chef to determine a series of plates for your meal. Our server happily obliged to accommodating any allergies or preferences.Welcome Tea: Kelp TeaThe kelp tea tasted more like a palate opener broth than a tea.Sushi Prelude: Zuke Toro, Halibut with Halibut Liver, Smoked Yellowtail with Daikon RadishEach of these pieces of sushi were prepared with the utmost attention to detail and they were presented so beautifully! Be sure to sit at the bar to take in the full experience.Chef's choice sashimi nestled in shaved ice with fresh Wasabi & Yuzu onion sauce: Tuna & ScallopThe presentation of this dish was very pleasant and unique. The yuzu onion sauce had a tangy, salty flavor that paired perfectly with the sashimi.Miso Soup with Homemade Duck Meatballs:Not my favorite dish of the meal, but definitely one of the best miso soups I've ever had.Chef's Petite Plates:The petite plates were served on a rectangular dish with separate compartments that tasted just as good as it looked. Egg Custard:I loved the medley of mushrooms and thin slices of green onions in the egg custard here. The texture was great and the flavors were not too overwhelming salty.We polished off the rest of the meal with a few other sushi pieces like the King Salmon and finally came to the pice de rsistance, a choice of either Toro (Bluefin fatty tuna) or Grade A5 Miyazaki Wagyu beef. I opted for the Toro, which did not disappoint. If you find yourself curious to try any other varieties of fish or the Wagyu beef, you can order it a la carte at the end of your meal.I only have one recommendation for this place and that is: go! (And try to get a reservation at the sushi bar!)
THE REAL DEAL!Yup, this place is the real deal. I got a seat right smack in the middle of the sushi bar and right in front of Chef Kusakabe himself. Omakase is the only option ($95). At the start of the meal you will get a menu for sake and drinks as well as the option for a sake pairing ($75). The chef will also ask you if there is any foods that you are allergic to or don't like to eat (e.g. shellfish, etc.). I like everything. He also asked me what my favorite fish is and I told him "uni" although I don't know why he asked me that (uni was not served in the omakase to me). He also asked what I wanted for my finale (toro or a5 wagyu beef - you can read my choice below).The waitress will give you a hot towel to clean your hands and a small finger towel to clean your fingers after each piece of sushi.The omakase started with a small cup of kelp tea. It was good and had a good taste of the sea in the tea.We then had 3 pieces of sushi - Zuke chutoro was very good and smokey. Perhaps a little strong to start the meal but it certainly hit you over the head with flavor. He then served a hirame (halibut) which was very fresh and subtle and salmon.Next up was the sashimi. There were 2 pieces of scallop and 2 pieces of trout. The trout had an almost salmon like consistency and slightly smokier taste. The sashimi came in a small bowl on top of crushed ice. There were also some small vegetables as well as a dipping sauce of soy sauce or grated onions w/ lemon. The onions with lemon went well with the delicate flavor of the scallop.The soup included a piece of cooked red snapper as well as some soba noodles. It was hearty, warm, and comforting.The petite plates included baby squid in soy based sauce, egg and shrimp wrap, oysters, small block of rice with negi-toro and caviar on top, and a fried ball of rice with seasoning. The small block of rice with the caviar on top was the clear winner here.For the warm dish, it included risotto with wild small mushrooms, monkfish, and ankimo (monkfish liver). the ankimo was not prepared like little soft blocks but was instead seared similar to how one would prepare foie gras. It had the texture and taste of foie gras as a result. Very nice.We then had 4 more pieces of sushi including kohada (nicely prepared and not as sour as most other places serve it) and some others. For the finale, I had the A5 wagyu beef. My logic was that toro is awesome but I eat a lot of toro. I rarely eat A5 wagyu beef. The wagyu beef is seared on one side and then flipped over so that the top is still raw. It was full of marbling and flavor.After this, you can choose from the a la carte menu. I chose to add the kamasu (japanese barracuda) which was good. I also got the shirayaki (white eel) which was cooked with the torch and tasted more subtle (in a good way) that most unagi sushi. And I got the baby squid as a sushi. This was the same baby squid that was served earlier but it was still excellent. Most of the sushi on the a la carte menu ranges from around $8-$15. The best item is probably the kaisui uni which is a hokkaido uni brought in from Japan. The uni is caught in Japan and rather than take out the uni and put it into a wooden box, they put ocean water with the uni and transport it that way to the US. I have had this before so I didn't order it but if you haven't tried it and you like uni, I recommend giving it a try. It is served on a spoon with sushi rice and uni on top.The dessert menu is separate and I ordered the yuzu sorbet. The sorbet was an excellent palate cleanser for the night. The sorbet broke apart easily which showed that it's freshly homemade.My meal for 1 sitting at the bar with tip was around $150 (I didn't drink alcohol).Speaking of palate cleansers, the ginger was also pretty good although the taste was a little more lemony than other restaurants.Overall, I think this is the best sushi in the city.
Im not a huge nigiri fan, but when I saw the firat nigiri, I got too excited I didn't even take a picture of the first nigiri! Every nigiri tasted wonderful, from the rice to the fish and the sauce. The hassun course was flawless - shigoku oyster with cavier (still drooling now as i reminisce), perfectly cooked tamago and my fave, the warm rice ball.To finish, I chose the toro instead of the wagyu for my last nigiri and ordered the wagyu off the a la carte menu. Truthfully, the Toro was way better, in terms of texture and taste.  We also ordered the kaisui uni and ankimo. Both were creamy and rich in flavor. Wanted to the sake pairing, but we opted for a bottle of sake instead. The one thing I didn't really care for was the soup. The broth was nice, but the yuzu was too strong for me.
Chef Nori Kusakabe created this new sushi restaurant, across the street form the Transamerica building, based on ancient Japanese dining traditions of "Goshoku, Gomi, Gokan, Gohou" one of the essential tenet in creating Kaiseki menu that is translated to "Five Colors, Five Tastes, Five Senses, Five Methods." This is a meld of European Fine dining meets Omakase Sushi from a skilled chef. They have recently received a Michelin Star for their efforts. It is essentially a fixed price, set Omakase (Chef's special choice) that everyone eats, in a multi-course fashion, for about $95/person. You can go a la carte and off the menu, but only after your Omakase fixed menu commitment. So it is a little bit Sushi Nazi, but in an elegant way. I came some time ago with a sophisticated international dining companion. I was ecstatic with the real Japanese traditions and quality, she enjoyed it, but thought it was a little too controlled theatrics. But that is the nature of Michelin starred, fixed priced Chef's menu dining in most cases anywhere.Chef Kusakabe does all the knife cutting of fish. His 4 young assistants, 2 on either side, help prepare the other dishes in the Omakase. He personally presents and announces the dishes to you. Seating is limited to a long sushi bar. Don't ever come here looking for cheesy mayonnaise rolls and oyster shooters that you like at your local Korean/Chinese owned, Mexican made, "sushi" joint. It would be an insult to everyone here, and a total embarrassment to yourself. You might have to commit Harakiri.  Highlights from our meal (see pics)Welcoming Tea: Konbu cha - kelp tea - very soothingSushi prelude - Zuke Chutoro - lightly seared bluefin medium fatty tuna cured in a soy sauce, plus two other seasonal nigiri sushiSashimi - Chef's special sashimi nestled in shaved ice with fresh wasabi and Yuzu onion sauceSoup - Italian black truffle miso soup with Eringi and Shimeju mushroomsor...Kamo-Dango, duck miso soup with Mitsuba leafHassun - Shigoku oyster with French Daurenki Caviar and four kinds of Chef's assorted petite platesWarm Dish - "Kinki" big hand snapper, "Mizoreni" (ice/sleet-like) with Matsutake mushroomSushi Chic - 3 kinds of seasonal sushi of the daySushi Finale - Toro - bluefin fatty tunaor....Grade A5 Miyazaki Wagyu beefHonto ni oishikatta!If you want a dining experience of high end elegance, combining thoughtful fresh ingredients with simplicity and harmony, in the Kaiseki tradition, come here. If you want a roll dripping with velveeta sauce, go to Safeway.
This was literally one of the best meals I have ever had in my life. We did the prix fixe menu with the sake pairing and it was more than a meal, but an entire experience. Pro tip: sit at the sushi bar. It was so cool to see them artfully prepare each individual piece of sushi. I was able to explore different dishes that I would have never tried on my own. (i.e. soft shell turtle..whaaaa) it was AMAZING. This meal costs a pretty penny, but for special occasions I would recommend this to anyone. Amazing experience. I'll definitely be back. Arigato! 
This is the place you want to be if you want the best sashimi you can get to locally. The fish tasted so fresh, I thought I was back at Tsukiji market..except without the line. Kusakabe also seasons his sashimi with wasabi that will not sting your nose. The best part is the rice. Each rice grain was perfectly plumped and perfectly shaped with perfect taste! Absolutely phenomenal place for sushi!
SERIOUSLY the BEST sushi experience in the bay area!!! We love this place, from the location right across the street from the transamerica building, to the wonderful warm interior, to the AMAZINGLY delicious sushi!!! IT's really really GOOD, and considering how amazing it is, the price is a steal. The service is amazing from the second you walk in, and the chefs are all very professional and engaging. The only negative was eating milt for the first time, and finding out it's whale sperm. I just ask them to omit that next time ;-)
Fantastic experience! Thanks to the customers who didn't come so that we had a chance to sit at sushi bar to get a ultimately experience. It's so hard to describe the feeling of my mouth and tongue. As a Japanese food lover, I'm familiar with every single material. But when I put it into my mouth, that's a totally new journey.
I decided to make reservations over a month ago for my bf's birthday. Seriously? What is the hype of paying $95 per person. That's 9 large bowls of pho with a hefty tip. Well I walked out 300 buckaroos less and the food was pretty interesting but 30 bowls of pho interesting? Nah! I think our waiter was new. He was nice but didn't speak clearly for me to understand what each item was. I liked the sparkling water. I ate sea turtle! I'm a little sad about that. The highlight was the duck meatball. Lol I could eat a bowl of rice with a couple of those bad boys. Maybe we should have sat at the bar to watch them make sushi. Too bad.
Maybe 3.25- 3.5 stars.I was somewhat underwhelmed with this place.I had a reservation for 5pm and doors aren't open before that so we waited outside.The sushi bar is pretty big (prob seats around 15) and there are maybe 6 small tables towards the front of the resto.I thought it was kinda loud for a high-end restaurant where you need to put in your credit card information to reserve a table, but that's just me. Their cc system was down, so luckily i didn't have to give them my info to reserve.So one thing I noticed is that they don't wash hands or clean them between touching different fish and I also noticed that they use their wet hands to dip into the salt to garnish but don't wash hands between to prevent cross-contamination. So I'm guessing that the salt container has the taste of all types of fish in there until it is cleaned. And that taste is then transferred to whatever fish they are garnishing. Another thing that I noticed is that Chef Kusakabe cuts all the fish and there is one other chef that helps with assembly. (He also didn't was hands between handling each fish.)They only offer omakase ($95) and only afterwards, can you order a la carte.Started off with the welcoming tea, konbu, which tastes just how you would expect it to taste, kelpy.Next was the sushi prelude: Zuke chutoro. This was ok. A bit slimy.Then came the snapper, and bonito which were ok. These too, were slimy. Then on to the sashimi which were two pcs of bluefin tuna & scallop with soy sauce or some yuzu garlic dipping sauce. These were Ok. The yuzu garlic dipping sauce was interesting.Up next was the miso soup: summer truffle miso soup, or duck dumpling miso soup. The broth was the same for both options but with different ingredients inside. I thought for miso soup, they were too oily. But I did enjoy the slices of truffle in them for the truffle one.BBQ unagi eel with monaka rice cracker sushi with yuzu and sansho pepper, I thought wasn't bad. But it wasn't your typical nigiri.The small plate of tomato three ways: poached, sorbet, and fried was refreshing but nothing amazing.The trumpetfish & flying fish with golden caviar, was next. They were decent. Then came the wild Alaskan king salmon, bluefin toro and grade A5 Wagyu strip loin. You can choose either bluefin or the Wagyu but we just got both. The Wagyu was a little salty for my taste but it was good. It melted in your mouth but the flesh was firm, if that makes sense. I'm not a fan of salmon so that dish was so-so for me. I thought that with the cherry leaf did not mesh well together.This definitely did not fill me up so ordered 4 more pieces on top which were ankimo, two different kinds of uni, and shima-aji. The ankimo wasn't bad. The uni from Hokkaido (Bafun uni) was sweet which i did enjoy. But it was a tad too watery in texture. The shima-aji was unmemorable.Ordered the tofu ice cream with the monaka cracker which didn't taste like tofu to me. The yuzu and shiso leaf sorbet was good and refreshing. The texture was slightly too icy but the taste was good.$360 for two, before tip and one beer & tea. I didn't think it was worth it for the price. And the fish were pretty basic/limited I thought. I think for similar rate, you can get better quality fish at Akiko's.I like a lot of variety since I eat a lot. Just sayin.
Best Sushi in my life. I have to stop myself from not wanting to reserve myself a seating every month. So worth the Omakase. Chef Kusakabe made ours himself! this is what I enjoyed the most. It was amazing Michelin star well deserved.
If you want a kaiseki experience as close to Kyoto without flying there this place is it! Its mouth experience like no other. You dont come here to eat fast or get full. You come here for a tasting trance. Omakase menu changes daily. Super fresh fish. I recommend getting wine and sake pairings to complete the experience. Great service.
Oh my god. Mindblowing experience. Divine pleasure inducing. My foodie friend and I decided to try Kusakabe for our lady date and boy am I so glad that we did! It's definitely one of the best sushi establishments I've been to. And yes, the price tag is quite hefty ($95 for the Omakase) but it was beyond worth it for how fresh, delicious, and flavorful every single item was. The attention to detail was impeccable. We were seated by the sushi bar for optimum viewing pleasure and ordered the omakase along with a bottle of sauvignon blanc to share (paired perfectly with all of the raw fish). The omakase included ~13 pieces of raw sushi, each one perfectly curated to the last detail. Our favorites were the fatty tuna, the uni, the salmon, the unagi rice cracker and the tamagoyaki (not part of the omakase but since we are fatties, we also ordered a la carte after the omakase...). I might just go back for 5 orders of that fatty tuna - it was just that incredible! The only downside - don't expect to be incredibly full with the omakase. We were still a bit hungry afterwards and had to order some a la carte pieces and dessert (the green tea creme brulee was off the charts!). However, the service was great and the quality was astonishing so I am more than willing to overlook this!So on your next craving for some upscale sushi, check out Kusakabe - you won't regret it! Happy Eating, Yelpers!P.S. If you're trying to decide between Pabu and Kusakabe, I'd highly recommend Kusakabe - it's fresher, significantly more flavorful and has such attention to detail that Pabu lacks.
Great dining experience -- certainly the most elegant Japanese one in San Francisco. It's a small, intimate setting where you can see much of the preparation activity. Try to get a sushi bar seating (request it by phone or on opentable) though the tables are nice and comfortable too.Everything is beautifully and artfully presented. Most of the pre-fixe is sushi which all tastes great. As so much of the menu changes (and it is pre-fixe), it's hard to recommend any one thing. I did find that their sushi was better than their warm foods (which were good but not great). In the end the choice between Toro or Grade A5 Wagyu is hard. The toro tastes amazing but if you really want to have something different, go with the Wagyu. I found it to be an amazing new taste (it's prepared like sushi) since I've never had that preparation before. We did try the hokkaido deep sea urchins as a la carte and found it to be amazing. I can tell now why Santa Barbara sea urchins just aren't great.The service was incredible. It's what I'd expect at a michelin rated restaurant. They were friendly, funny, and attentive but not overbearing. Food was fast and delivered with the right amount of breaks between servings. They also let us sample some sake before ordering a bottle which was nice.I'd come back here again. It strikes me as a little more special occasion of a place than other awesome Japanese restaurants like Roka Akor and Pabu which are also very nice but less formal.
Ive never been to Sushi Ran. But I seem to have been eating at places where many of their ex chefs have been. Kusakabe has at least two that I know of. Maybe one of the first sushi dinners I went to that I didnt setup the resys for. Though things started out a bit rocky, it got much better as the meal progressed. We initially were seated at a table then after waiting a long time, getting the first course, we were then moved to the bar. Once the 2nd and 3rd courses came it got a lot smoother. The chef we had, I believe a VIetnamese guy was also at Sushi Ran and took really good care of us. It's interesting to have a menu that's part omakase, part kaiseki like in executing. A hybrid if you will. The menu progressed as follows:- Kelp tea- Lightly seared blue fin tuna in soy- Amberjack, Halibut, Scallop nigiri- Summer truffle miso with Eringi & Shimenji mushroom-BBQ Unagi with monaka rice cracker-Zuwai Gani (crab), crispy tofu, key lime, kombu dashi-Copper river king salmon-Chutoro/Wagyu Now everything was delicious after the first hiccup. But as a big eater, I still had to order 4 more nigiri to satisfy. That's tough after you've dropped like $150 for the set menu and sake. But hey it's high quality and it also gives you insight into the normal a la carte items. I think it is a place you could do seasonally as it reflects the seasonality. Though be prepared to drop some mad coin! 4.3 stars
Kusakabe minimizes choices by offering a $95 omakase with the option to add on additional nigiri orders and dessert afterwards. I enjoyed the meal overall, but I wish there had been more nigiri than the 7 pieces we had total. I also found some of the nigiri slightly oversauced. To compare Kusakabe to sushi bars of similar caliber, I enjoyed a similarly priced omakase meal at Maruya a lot more. Here's what we had:1) Welcome kelp tea The "tea" had the salty, oceany taste of kelp. I didn't like it at first, but it grew on me. My bf hated it. 2) Sushi prelude- Chutoro cured in soy sauce- Halibut with shiso leaf under it + white sesame paste + key lime on top- Bonito with daikon + ponzuThe meaty bonito was my favorite of the 3. I thought the chutoro was a bit too charred. All 3 were a bit saucy. The fish and rice literally dripped with sauce, and the rice was a bit soggy.3) SashimiBluefin tuna + Hokkaido scallop sashimi (2 pieces of each) on shaved ice with soy sauce + an onion dipping sauceThe presentation was great, but the sashimi did not really stand out. The onion dipping sauce was delicious.4) Soup- Summer truffle miso soup with eryngii + shimeji mushrooms OR- Duck dumpling miso soup with mitsubaMy bf + I each tried one. Both were good, but I feel like there is a cap on how good miso soup can be for me, no matter what ingredients you throw into it. The duck dumplings were more like duck meatballs. 5) "Unique sushi"BBQ unagi on a rice cracker with avocado, sunchoke, yuzu, sansho pepperI admit I couldn't really taste anything but the BBQ unagi. The flavor of the unagi marinade was very strong and reminded me of the shredded dry pork that is often served with Taiwanese congee, oddly enough.6) Small plate, described on the menu as "Tomato, tomato, tomato." Dehydrated + deep fried tomato on tomato sorbet on cold poached tomato. This tasted good, especially the sorbet, but TBH, I just wanted more nigiri.7) "Sushi chic"- Flying fish with tobiko on top- Ayu with seaweed gel + mitsubaBoth were good, but neither really impressed upon me strongly. 8) "Sushi finale"- King salmon with a sakura cherry leaf- ToroWe were offered an option of toro or Wagyu beef for this course. Easy choice for both of us since we came here for the fish. The cherry leaf had a very strong flavor, but I thought it went well with the salmon. The toro was divine, but again, the rice was a bit oversauced and soggy.The a la carte nigiri ranged from $7.50 - $14.50. We decided not to order more, because we were decently full (having snacked before our late dinner). We ordered a shiso + yuzu sorbet ($4.50) that was very delicious and one of the highlights of the meal. A couple of nitpicky complaints about the meal that I only mention since my expectations were set a bit high:- I felt a little skeptical about the sake recommendation that our server provided. We asked our server about 2 of the junmai ginjo options that were $76 and $114, respectively. She told us that the $114 bottle was sold out and then steered us towards junmai daiginjo options that were $152 and $205 respectively without a particularly good reason. We opted for one of her recommendations, and it was fine, but I didn't feel like it stood out among similarly priced or cheaper sakes I've had at other restaurants. Call me cynical, but if a server steers me towards something significantly pricier than what I inquired about initially without acknowledging the price difference or justifying the recommendation, I tend to feel a bit skeptical. - The pacing of the courses fluctuated a lot.
Love love love this place.Sushi was fantastic and what you would expect a michelin starred restaurant to be like. Super fresh fishes and I love the ambiance - the interior and vibe of the restaurant makes me feel like I'm in Japan.Price of the omakase is a steal - extremely reasonable!
Simply fantastic experience. Sat directly in front of owner/ executive chef. You'll pay handsomely but the quality of food and service you receive in return will not be easily forgotten.
This is a favorite and such a wonderful dining experience. One of SF's finest, both in quality and service. We had the omakase with sake pairing, and worth every penny. Love the simplistic, modern, sophisticated yet laid-back vibe. One of my top 3 Japanese restaurants in SF.
Kusakabe did it again. Another divine meal. A few of the courses were the same as my earlier visit, which was fine by me since it was delicious both times.  Welcoming Tea:Kelp tea - reminds me of miso soup Sushi Prelude:- Lightly seared chutoro bluefin medium fatty tuna cured in soy sauce - excellent seared smoky flavor, great start to the meal- 2 kinds of Seasonal sushi - live halibut with a dab of steamed liver on top and ponzu - was a bit chewy, but still good. I think the 2nd was a relative of the mackerel that was also good. Sashimi: scallops and bluefin tuna sashimi - super fresh and served on ice Soup Tai snapper and somen noodle with fresh yuba - the fish was tender, the soup was clear and simple but refined and delicious, with a small slice of lime really adding the right tartnessHassun Shigoku oyster with French Daurenki caviar and four kinds of chef's assorted petit plats: the oyster and caviar was small but perfect. We also enjoyed the mini crab claw, the small tender squid, and a slice of tuna with bonito flakes on a cube of rice. We were not a fan of the shrimp ball with yellow miso powder. Warm dish:Sansho teriyaki monkfish and its liver with soba buckwheat and nameko mushroom risotto - another delicious combination. The liver was perfectly seared and it was a healthy portion. Sushi Chic -three kinds of seasonal sushi of the day Striped jack - probably my favorite of the night - awesome texture I can't remember the other two (I was starting to get really full by this point) except that there was a white fish that was okay. Sushi finale:Choice of toro or wagyu beef. We chose the toro and it was excellent. We also ordered a great sake (in the 8 oz and 5 oz) since we couldn't imagine having all the sakes with the pairing.  All in all, a delicious and exquisite meal.  Great job!
There's really nothing negative I can say about Kusakabe. Zero.Everyone here is so wonderful and friendly. Upon entering, I already felt the warm hospitality of Kusakabe. Our server was extremely friendly; I could feel that she was truly happy and excited to be serving her patrons. Ambiance: intimate, friendly, warmFood: delicious - fresh, and a work of artService: spectacular, attentivePrice: on the higher end of the spectrum; $95 per person for OmakaseWhat I love (even more) about Kusakabe is they give you an option for your last omakase course: you get to choose between Toro (Bluefin fatty tuna) or the Grade A5 Miyazaki Wagyu beef. You will receive an a la carte menu after your courses are served.I didn't realize that we were being served by Mitsunori Kusakabe - the owner/chef himself! As always, I love watching food being meticulously treated as a work of art. (Yup, was watching the sushi chefs the whole entire time!)It is on the pricier side, but for all the right reasons. I had mentioned through OpenTable that there was a birthday, and to our surprise (seriously a surprise), everyone sang happy birthday and dessert was on the house!Thank you for such an impeccable experience! I cannot recommend more highly of this place. Be sure to make reservations early!
Wow this is the first place in the city where the sushi reminded me of the sushi I've had in Japan. The toro was melt-in-your-mouth delicious and you can tell everything presented has been prepared with much care and purpose.I loved the serenity and calmness of the place. Really makes you feel as if you've just stepped into a sushi bar in Japan, except much less cramped and no one is smoking. Service was excellent and they were extremely accommodating. Remember to ask for seats by the sushi bar when making your reservation (we forgot), and I was very jealous watching people converse with the sushi chef from my table seat.It's definitely a meal for a special occasion with its $95 omakase starting price tag. You'll likely end up spending more because I actually ordered 2 more pieces of sushi a la carte (wagyu and otoro) which ended up being the perfect portion for me.
Omakase is the way to go!Food Quality - ExcellentFood Taste - ExcellentFood Originality - ExcellentPrice - ExcellentCustomer Service - ExcellentAmbiance - Excellent
What an amazing meal. Kusakabe doesn't dissappoint. I booked a table two months in advance for my bf's bday. We had gone to Japan in September and nearly everywhere we've gone for sushi since coming back paled in comparison. This is probably the best sushi I've ever had in the US. We had a variety of fish, including Hirame, Katsuo, Shimaaji, Kamsu, and copper river king salmon. My two favorites were without a doubt the hokkaido scallop and the A5 miyazaki wagyu. The scallop was incredibly sweet and the wagyu was amazingly tender. We also ordered a kaisui uni from Hokkaido a la carte, which was incredibly delicious and sweet.All of the non sushi dishes were also amazing. The chawanmushi with dungeness crab, nameko mushrooms, and ume had a great flavor and the ume is a surprising flavor contrast. I'm glad that the Bay Area is the home of such a great sushi place. Definitely want to come back soon!
For a place that spends a lot of attention to detail on the sushi toppings it seems that they just go through the paces on others. You expect wasabi and soy with traditional sushi but usually don't see it with the high end sushi places. Kusakabe seems to cater to the tourist market with tuna soaked in soy as their "signature" dish. They spend a lot of time explaining the dishes and how to eat them - which is great for those that aren't familiar with traditional Japanese dishes. The fish was fresh and they had great choices but in the end it's just an "insert whatever fish here" presentation. With omakase they have a chance for so much more.
Best sushi kaiseki experience in SF. Blew my mind and will yours. A must try if you call yourself a true sushi lover and want to experience the very best. My husband and I traveled through Japan and definitely we feel the quality was comparable with the best sushi there. No need to fly to Japan to get the very best anymore!
5 stars, and easily the best sushi I've had outside of Japan!Just about every sushi place I've been to in the Bay Area has been disappointing -- usually not good enough, inconsistent, or ridiculously overpriced. This is the first place I've been to around here that not only satisfied me, but left me with a big ass smile on my face during and after the meal.Request a sushi bar reservation, and watch the chefs at work. Even if you've never been to a real, legit sushi joint, it's easy to notice the technique and the precision of their work. Just watch their hands, very carefully.The rice is perfect, from the texture to the flavor to the "packedness" of the nigiri. The temperatures of all the dishes are perfect. The fish doesn't come straight-out-of-the-fridge. Delicate flavorings like salts and yuzu rind shavings are used in a precise, controlled manner.The non-sushi dishes were just as fantastic. The hokkaido scallop in the "zukuri" (a.k.a. sashimi) course had this sweetness that you don't get out of usual scallops. The bite-sized croquette had a nice crunchy texture on the outside. The most interesting non-sushi dish for me was the chawanmushi (egg custard) -- it had a little bit of ume (sour plum) hidden away in the center, for a really surprising (in a good way) contrast of flavor. I've never had that in chawanmushi before!Highlights of my meal were probably the chuutoro zuke (soy sauce-marinated seared medium-fatty tuna) which was just packed with so much flavor and a melt-in-your-mouth texture, the A5 Miyazaki wagyu nigiri (This is one of the extremely rare wagyus that are actually legitimately Japanese. Most places in the US do not have real wagyu/kobe/etc imported, even though they use that term), and the sashimi.The dessert, a matcha + azuki chiffon cake, was extremely light, fluffy, and tasty as well.Service was excellent, and everyone on the staff was very friendly. Sushi chef Ken was a funny guy and I definitely enjoyed interacting with him during my meal.Oh man, I can't wait to come back here again... One of these days, if I ever become rich, I intend on becoming a regular customer here.Special thanks to my gf for taking me out for my bday to this wonderful restaurant!
Okay, I eat sushi a LOT, and I'm going to have to go back to other sushi reviews I've given over the years and start removing stars ... because this place showed me what five-star sushi is really like.I had a friend coming into town from NY (from where I just moved) so I decided to make us reservations at a nice sushi place. I logged onto Reserve (great iPhone app that does what you assume it does) and made a same-day reservation at Kusakabe, which I've heard isn't easy. There are two seatings per night : 5:15p and 8p, so we opted for the later option. They have an a la carte menu but the per person minimum is quite high, so everybody does the omakase. For $95 per person, you get something like 12 courses of super fresh, flavorful, eclectic, carefully prepared sushi, sashimi, and other stuff (like soup). It was just fantastic. The service was impeccable (wound up leaving 25%), which was to be expected since Kusakabe has a Michelin star !At the end, you're given the choice between toro and A5 wagyu beef. Naturally, we did both (as I'm aware most people do), for the a la carte price upcharge of $12. Now, I figured, since we were already there, I may as well order some items off of the a la carte menu since you can't just stop by and order a couple of things without doing the omakase. So I got a couple of hand rolls, to try some things I've never had before. Between the toro, bluefin tuna, white salmon (fantastic), and others, I can confidently say this is the best sushi I've ever had. And well worth the price. The check for 2, with some extra items, and a big tip, was around $350. Not too bad considering what you get.
Er. Ma. Gerd. Thanks for the find Michelin tire man! Omakase only. All their fish are lightly marinated so no need to smother it in soy sauce.All the little garnish on plate is edible. Hotate and otoro melts in your mouth! The chawamushi was absolutely incredible.We also ordered Hokkaido short spined uni, which basically was like... Ocean flavored heavy cream. MY GOD.Unfortunately they were out of green tea affogato, but the sweet potato ice cream was just so delightful, it made up for it and some more. Yuzu sorbet was extremely refreshing with just a slight hint of shiso (and I am not a fan of shiso).Staff was extremely kind and knowledgeable - comped our yuzu sorbet for my sisters bday and the entire restaurant ended up singing happy birthday for my sister (if you're into that thing).It was such a treat! Can't wait to return.
Amazing!!! Loved all of the sushi and sashimi. Fresh and tasty are both understatements. We especially liked how you can specify which fish you like and dislike.We ate turtle! And it was surprisingly good! Not weird in anyway. Our only gripe was that even with the Omakase, we were not full by the end. I'd compare Omakase with a tasting menu, but tasting menus usually leave you stuffed. We ordered a la carte after. Yum!Service was impeccable. Reservations were made a month in advance and secured with a credit card. Decor is all wood, modern and clean. The ambiance was mellow, but enjoyable. I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!
Kusakabe is a tiny restaurant across street from the Transamerica building. Its interior is minimalist and quiet. With the Omakase menu, we didn't have to lift a finger, but just sat back, relaxed, and enjoyed the first course, a warm cup of kombu tea that's slightly sweet and very welcoming. The rest of the courses vary between sushi/sashimi dishes and cooked dishes. All were excellent. But what I liked the most were the sushi dishes, which sort of started the meal and ended the meal. All were perfectly seasoned, paired with really good sushi rice. The sushi was so good that we tempted to order a la carte (an option they offer you) after our courses were over. But we thought it might have been an overkill, so instead we got a green tea chiffon cake to share. While normally great Japanese restaurants that tend to have awe-inspiring savory dishes tend to disappoint me in the sweets department, I was really pleasantly surprised by the light, airy cake that I couldn't stop eating. Each component, the adzuki beans, whipped cream, green tea cake, offered subtle but harmonious flavors. For the sheer number of dishes and the quality, the price was really reasonable. It's no surprise that Kusakabe has very quickly become one of the most favored among sushi lovers in the city.
Wow, I had the pleasure to come here twice for my birthday celebrations! The omakase was fantastic! Try to sit at the chef's counter if you can when you make the reservation. We had Chef Kusakabe the first time, and Chef Ngai the second time. Both were great, but Chef Ngai was really funny and entertaining to talk to. Every piece of nigiri was made with such dedication and focus, you truly cannot NOT enjoy your meal. We had a few a la carte nigiris afterwards and they were all great. There's 3 types of unis, the santa barbara one is the one you can get everywhere. Try the kaisui uni! It's so good and the texture is like butter.On the omakase, for the 4th and 8th course, you can choose between: duck miso soup or black truffle soup. I think the black truffle soup is a lot better and tastier! (I love black truffles!). You also have to choose between toro at the end of wagyu A5. You can get either one again on the a la carte menu after the tasting, but go with the toro if you order nothing else! It's just so good!!My other favorite sushi places in the city are Akiko's, Ichi, Maruya, Daigo, Pabu and Umi. Kusakabe, is definitely on or above par from all of the sushi places in SF. Definitely a must try! Pro tip: Get the sake on the 3rd category to start with. And eat with your hands!
Hands down the best sushi I've ever had and a great experience on top of that. Having said that this is my first real kaiseki/omakase experience sitting at a bar and having a master sushi chef just hit me with all his best choices of sushi for a total of a dozen courses or more. I have however had some great sushi in California, New York and Tokyo, so it's not like I'm entirely new to good sushi either. I was lucky to be seated at the bar right in front of owner and master chef Mitsunori "Nori" Kusakabe who prepared all of my sushi and served it to me at the bar. It was pure bliss watching him work, meticulously cutting fresh pieces of fish, blow torching and decorating the with delicious condiments.Another great thing with the bar was the company. I dined alone but now had the pleasure to be surrounded by a bunch of foodies, local as well as from other parts of California and the U.S., and was able to share the experience and exchange recommendations for other interesting restaurants. All the sushi and sashimi were delicious but the one thing that really stood out was the Grade A5 Miyazaki Wagyu beef sushi. I got to chose between that and Toro as the final sushi but I ended up ordering the Toro as a supplement as you could start ordering a la carte once you had finished the $95 set menu. I love tuna but I would still recommend the Wagyu - the highest grade Wagyu in Japan - it was so flavorful and juicy.My second favorite was probably the initial lightly seared bluefin tuna, cures in soy sauce and blow torches by chef Nori right in front of me.I didn't care much for the kelp tea and some of the petite plates were actually a bit thick and dry. Everything else was great though.Since this place has one Michelin star and could be compared with a fine dining tasting menu experience plus having the food prepared in front of you I found it really good value for $95. Would love to go again!
Reasonable omakase priced at $95 for 14 items:C1: Kombu teaC2: Chutoro Bluefin cured in soy sauce, lightly seared*C3: Stripe jack cold smoked over maple wood with garlic smoke salt*C4: Ikejime halibut topped with it's own liverC5: Shrimp temari style with baby shrimp & key lime juice C6: Ocean trout & tai sashimiC7: Hamachi, bou-zushi style roll with miso and microgreen*C8: Duck dumpling miso soup*C9: Mirugai*C10: BonitoC11: Salmon roe*C12: A5 Wagyu strip loin*C13: Toro Bluefin*C14: Tamago*FavoritesSuper odd to have sushi to start and to end. But I love sushi, I'll take it, however untraditional it is. They dress the fish, but nothing overpowers. Premium sakes can run up to $30 for 3oz. Ouch. Try the Dassai and Watari Bune.Easy parking, not so easy to find a cab in these parts, server called, no one came, ended up having to use Uber.Super detailed: they wipe the surface after EVERY piece of sushi.A few blips: bonito was salty for my taste, sashimi laying directly in ice is strange and they could have been more attentive in the beginning of the meal with the tea, tea is okay, but not good enough for this level. The seaweed for the roll and roe could be improved. Tissues in the bathroom please!Completely worth every penny. If you're more into the veggies in Japanese cuisine, this place is purely protein. At the end of the meal, they will give you another menu with ala carte sushi, dessert and tea selections, for an additional cost of course.
One of the best I've had! Got seated right when they opened, service is fantastic, chefs are not intimidating, they are very friendly and approachable. My faves are otoro, bluefin, crab leg, and unagi. Everything was good. I'd definitely go back!
By far one of the best sushi restaurants I've ever been too. The fish was fresh and the service was meticulous. I was able to secure a Saturday early evening reservation 5 days before. We sat at the sushi bar being served by Chef Kusakabe himself. In SF, I preferred Kusakabe over Maruya.
Price went up since the last time I been here, but so has everywhere else in San Francisco. Kaiseki type meal 12 course for $95. If you have a big appetite probably not for you. If you are still hungry after the initial 12 courses order some nigiri. The deserts here are freaking awesome!
Amazing sushi! We ate here for my husband's birthday and it was awesome. We went with the Omakase and sake pairing. The sakes were refined and delicious, pairing very nicely with some delicious bites. Sushi so tender, you kind of feel bad about chewing. Not cheap, but definitely the best sushi we've had in the city.
Kusakabe is a gem, and is worthy of it's 1 Michelin star. I visited Kusakabe 1/2/16 for dinner. For perspective, I'll compare Kusakabe to Omakase, which I went a week earlier.Kusakabe Pros- Considerate sushi chef who asked if I had any dietary restrictions, and what fishes I liked or disliked... Best of all, he accommodated my wishes to minimize soy sauce and salt usage, so I can taste the fish. - Well-thought out sushi kaiseki where the fish flavors are brought out. Examples are:hotate (scallop) was sweet and simple. Yuan marinated Hokkaido cod with its own buttery/milky Shirako and Satsuma Imo- Open Table reservations- Better value for your money than Omakase ($95 vs $150).Kusakabe Cons- Servers could be more attentive (pour tea, sake etc)Omakase have attentive servers. At the end of the day, its Kusakabe that wins with the flavors.PS. If you are sushi snob, where you only eat if it's a Japanese sushi chef, this it the real deal. Sushi snobs rejoice!
We arrived right on time for our reservation at 7.30pm but were told to "hang around" outside and come back in about 15 min because there was a delay. Agreed on a previous review I saw that they seem to have scheduling issues. Didn't have a very good start although we were lucky enough to get seated RIGHT IN FRONT of Chef Kusakabe (omg!)Not gonna go over much details about the omakase because other reviews have pretty much covered this. Everything is fresh and taste awesome. Definitely worth your money. If you're a fan of uni make sure to try the Kaisui Uni. According to chef it's the best grade of uni you can possibly get. Stored with sea water and sent to SF straight from Japan. Super creamy and melts in your mouth~One thing that helped make our experience here even better (besides the awesome food and ambience) is the fact that everyone here can speak English. Otherwise, it's always a bit awkward sitting at the bar since most sushi chefs mainly speak Japanese. Well rest assured because you won't have that problem here. Chef Kusakabe's very friendly and was always making small talk with us. He asked how the food was, asked what is our favorite sushi restaurant in SF, told us how each item was prepped, etc. So feel free to ask him any questions you'd like, the guy's super chill. In all, super happy with this place. Will definitely come back again!
Wow, a religious experience. Perfect. Pricy but worth ever penny. Amazing service and sitting at the sushi bar, chef made it such a wonderful personal experience. The only way to go is the Omakase (chefs selections). While they do ask about allergies and dislikes, I would say unless it's going to kill you, though caution to the wind and let them bring it on!
Sushi here, needless to say, is amazing in quality. I like the doing away with dipping your sushi in the soy sauce altogether, as the chefs brush the soy on each individual piece of sushi before serving it to you. I also love that it is highly recommended that you eat the sushi using your hands. The quality of the fish was sublime, and it's a little off topic but the ceramics they use for each platter are incredibly beautiful. I came here with a friend for her birthday and we got treated very well, with a delicious complimentary dessert for the birthday girl.So why no 5 stars? I personally felt that some of the dishes that were in the omakase weren't necessary and brought the standard down a little for me, considering the price tag of $95. The Hassun course, of the chef's selection of petit four for our table, had the Shigoku oyster topped with caviar. My companion and I strongly felt that the caviar did not really add to the oyster. One of the other selections from the petit four was an anago dragon maki. For an establishment like Kusakabe, I was not expecting to have maki that seemed like a slightly upgraded version of any other restaurant's sushi. Can I say it was the best sushi I've ever had in my life? No. However, I would still recommend it if you don't mind forking out quite a bit more to satisfy your sushi cravings. You'd probably end up paying more than $95 a person though, that's a given.
One of, if not the best dining experiences of my life. The fish, preparation, and presentation were all outstanding. The experience once actually eating many of the items was nothing short of ecstatic. I'm not someone who has ever gotten that much out wine pairing menus, but the sake pairing menu was a sublime addition to the experience. It'll set you back quite a bit but is well worth it even if just once in your life.
Truly a phenomenal all around experience. We lucked out with the best seats in the house - counter seats directly opposite Chef Kusakabe himself (request counter seating when making the reservation). Chef and the rest of the team was so friendly, it was a lot of fun watching him work his magic and nearly every single bite of food was incredible. Outstanding value as well at $95 per/person for the Omakase (the Omakase is mandatory - a series of small courses chosen by the chef for those not familiar with this concept - afterwards there is optional a la cart extras). The Omakase is mostly sushi, but there is a soup course, a hot course and a couple other items to add a nice variety. At the end of the Omakase we were satisfied but definitely had room for more. Everything is super fresh, perfectly executed and incredibly delicious. As a nice touch the Chef does speak with you about aversions and preferences and will customize some items if feasible. Absolutely LOVED this dining experience; we'd be regulars here if we lived in San Francisco.
Perfection.Omakase was unique, beautiful, and divine. Always been a fan of Kaiseki style. Fresh fish and ingredients. Taste and presentation was not lacking.Service was attentive.A Michelin star well deserved. Thank you Chef Nori!
I've been hearing everything about this restaurant and after being told it got a Michelin, it was time. Honestly, I don't have a lot of experience with omakase meals. I've been to Sawa Sushi in Sunnyvale and Sukiyabashi Jiro in Japan - both very sushi centric. Aside from that, the only other super fancy meal I've had was Coi in Little Italy. Ok, so with that said, Kusakabe is pretty awesome. I can't remember exactly how many plates, but I'm thinking there were almost 10 courses which included small izakaya style delights, creative small dishes, FREEESSSSSHHHH nigiri, a light and fluffy soup, and a choice of A5 Wagyu or Otoro as the finisher. I wish I could eat at places like this more - its soo fun to be taken through a journey of food where everything just goes well together. I even got pretty full towards the last few courses, but the food was light enough to stomach and not get that shit feeling when you force yourself to eat the last couple pizza slices cuz you dont wanna waste it.The fish was sooo fresh - perfectly prepared. I don't wanna hype, cuz I hate hyping it but there were times that I would eat some of the courses and I didn't wanna chew or swallow it. I just wanted to let it sit in my mouth and let my tastebuds marinate in the moment. Similar to that feeling you get when you first walk into EDC and see the cosmic meadow for the first time - I didn't want the moments to end. (^_^)Anyway, if you've been to Jiro's or his son's place, don't expect the same environment. This place is very casual and relaxed. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. And honestly, I think the price is right where it should be - I actually was expecting to pay alot more. I'd love to go here again, and again, and maybe again too. Awesome restaurant. Just thinking about it makes me wanna go there right now.
Fancy place good food but limited seating. Really fun atmosphere all around great place to eat!
What a great way to celebrate my bfs birthday. We both love sashimi and Japanese food so we chose this place to celebrate his birthday. We got seated by the sushi bar which we have requested. The service was very friendly and courteous. We wanted hot sake which they only have 1 in the menu so we chose that , some hot tea and ofcourse my Pinot noir. For a fix menu of 10-12 pieces , I think the $95 per person was very much worth it. The pieces of fish served just melted in your mouth. Our sushi chef even told me use my fingers to savor the flavor of sushi and I did . They provide you with hot towels to start with and a black small piece of towel to wipe your fingertips in between courses. Everything we had was SUPERB. They even ask you what are your favorite fishes and we said Saba, bonito and hamachi. And we got all our wishes!! Also be sure to mention that you are celebrating your birthday because they provide the dessert for the birthday celebrant on the house. I got a sweet potato ice cream which was really good and he got a Yuzu ice cream. After our courses we even ordered braised octopus, smoked eel and uni. $400 later we were finally done. This place ain't cheap but the price is worth it for the impeccable food and service they provide. No wonder within the 3 months they opened they got their 1st Michelin star. Chef Kusakabe was in the middle of the sushi bar and was making dishes himself. He even came over to our area to ask if everything was good and he sang happy birthday to my bf together with the whole restaurant. What a great night. Truly a place you have to try before the wait list becomes 3 months in advance. I called 2 months in advance to get a saturday reservation so be wise and make that online reservation. Also they do not answer the phone after 5:30 pm so call between 12-3:30 pm if you have questions or dietary restrictions or request. They will ask you about if you do anyway before you start your meal. Our chef too was very nice and funny and the only other Japanese native besides chef Kusakabe.Chef Kusakabe , thank you for an enjoyable evening!! We will be back for sure
Anyone who knows me knows that I love and eat sushi more than the average self proclaimed sushi lover. Sushi is the one thing I do not mind throwing dollas for and knowing this, my good friend's best friend decided to open my eyes to a whole new level of omakase. We made reservations a month+ beforehand and it was a hard countdown of days. But after 36 days, March 3rd 8pm finally arrived! We were seated at the bar with Shin as our sushi chef and entertainment for the night. As a side note, though the food itself at Kusakabe was amazing, a huge part of a dining experience includes customer service and Shin nailed it for us that night. If I could give another star, he would solely get that sixth one. Not only was he funny, but he also laughed at all my stupid jokes and played along with us. He really made our experience at Kusakabe a memorable one, so hats off to you, Shin.NOW THE FOOD.It was amazing.At Kusakabe, you start at $95 for 8 courses and after that, you a la carte to your heart's desire! For the finale, you get to choose between toro or wagyu beef. Since we were already there, we had to go all out and decided to try both for an extra cost. I'm so glad we did because even though it might've been part of the reason for a dent in my pocket, both choices were out-of-this-fucking-world-delicious. When it comes to Japanese food, I'm a much bigger fan of the raw than cooked, but the warm dishes that were a part of the omakase were just as on point as the raw fish. TL;DR: expensive, but so damn good and so damn worth the splurge.
Fantastic Omakase meal. Definitely a unique dining experience coming from someone who has earned a Michelin star. Try the different uni varietals they. You won't regret it.
I've been two Kusakabe three times, and each experience was better than the previous. I believe the people who run this place can not only make delicious food, but are also quite intuitive when it comes to what their crowd likes and doesn't like. Which brings me to this statemen - Kusakabe is an absolute San Francisco staple. It's fancy without being stuffy, unpretentiously delicious, and has he best interior out of all Japanese restaurants (well, maybe except for Pabu).If you get the tasting menu, spend the $80 extra for the sake pairing, especially if you're a fan of crisp, dry, expensive sake. Plus, they're generous with their pours. And if you get the tasting menu, be prepared to have an adventure of quality raw fish and unique small bites that range from Waygu croquette to a bone marrow shot. They end the menu with the best waygu I've ever tasted in my life. I've had Waygu from every restaurant in SF, but Kasukabe has the best.
Kusakabe is really hard to make reservation we made the reservation in the middle of October for a dinner on 11.11 but it was worth to wait. We all enjoyed the Omakase menu and dessert, especially the Zuke.
I think I've been here 3 times in one month's time already! The first time I visited, I really enjoyed my meal more than I expected to.The shari is definitely what surprised me - most of the places in San Francisco are disappointing in that aspect.Must try the aori ika if you can!
Another Yelp fail. I waited two long months to get a table here and fasted from sushi for two weeks prior to my reservation date since I really wanted to satiate my hunger for sushi. I had incredibly high hopes yet once again, a Michelin star restaurant has not only crushed my dreams but left me $300 in the hole and my stomach growling.I may be one of the few diners that didn't fall head over heels for this place. Don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of the omakase served but for the price I paid, I would have expected to be completely full and satisfied. My boyfriend and I each went with the omakase and as each course came out, we were hoping that the portions would increase. We waited until the very last course to see how we felt and decided not to order a la carte and tried the two unique desserts instead. We ordered sweet potato ice cream (unique but very light in flavor) & green tea chiffon cake with azuki bean paste (way too much matcha and not enough sugar so it ended up just tasting bitter and bland). I have no problems dropping a few hundred for a good, satisfying meal but this restaurant left completely feeling hungry and ripped off! I forgot to mention I drank two personal-size pots of tea with my meal, which I usually never ever have liquids during a meal since it fills me up too quickly. Anyway, still hungry 0_o Saru Sushi is still my favorite in the city. $100 per person and you'll need to unbutton your pants while you waddle out of there.
A place like this is sooooo hard to find in the U.S. Authentic Japanese sushi but also innovates on other dishes. Awesome omakase. Although it is quite pricy but definitely come here for a special occasion, you won't regret it! Everything was amazing, no complaints at all. Make sure you sit at the sushi bar. The experience is so much better in front of the chef versus at a table on the side (and the sushi is more fresh! Yes a few seconds makes a difference!)
Unsure what the hype is all about. The Michelin critic must've received a different dining experience than we did. Left feeling unimpressed, unmemorable, and hungry.
What I absolutely love about this place is how serious they are with their menu. There is only one omakase menu, and after, if you're still hungry, you can order from the amazing a la carte sushi/sashimi menu. I did both of course. The omakase menu is great, but I really enjoyed my nigiri afterwards. They have some pretty good selections of sake as well. If you don't love sake and if you are a "sushi roll" type of person, this place is not for you. I happen to hate rolls so that's why I really wanted to come here. Overall, great experience and they do deserve the new Michelin star.
One of the best sushi experience ever!
I'm from LA (the city where you can't throw a stone without hitting an amazing sushi restaurant) and until today I would have said LA has the best sushi in the country... but I will say this... If God came down from heaven to get sushi THIS IS WHERE HE WOULD GO (If he could get a reservation). Yes... it's that freaking good! Chef Mitsunori Kusakabe is a true visionary, I have ate several of his restaurants and have been wanting to try this place for quite some time, but sadly when I come to the bay it's usually with very little notice which prevents me from being able to make a reservation in time (YOU NEED A RESERVATION). I was having a rough day and just needed something to go right today. I was tired, cold, angry and hungry and just needed a good meal to cheer me up. I took a chance even knowing the extreme difficulty of attaining a last minute reservation. I came by and Chef Kusakabe took pity on me and made a special exception and chose to accommodate me for what turned out to be one of the best meals of my life. I don't write a lot of Yelp reviews, typically only for places that are so bad you want to throat punch a puppy, or places so good it makes you want to shit rainbows... This place is the latter I swear if I found out I was going to die tomorrow I would hop on a the next flight to SFO and murder (or injure) everyone who had a reservation just to make sure I could get a seat and that the Chef Kusakabe's Omakase would be my last meal. Watching this man prepare your meal is like watching Rembrandt create a masterpiece while an angel sucks your...Thank you for the meal of a lifetime.
Oishi!!! Just delicious. Melt in your mouth sushi carefully decorated by the chefs to be kaiseki style. This place is omakaze style and you can order ala carte afterwards if you are still hungry. We came to celebrate my sister's birthday and they did not disappoint. We went through the menu, savoring every moment. At the end of the menu you can choose between toro or wagyu beef. I chose toro and it pretty much melted in my mouth. We ordered Hokkaido uni from the ala carte menu and it was delicious! It is served on a spoon because seaweed would over power its taste. It's a must try! Not only does this place serve great sushi, they also have great service too! My glass was full all the time and they were very attentive to our needs.I would love to come back!
Best sushi and some of the most unique Japanese dishes I have ever eaten. All sashimi and fish I ate was the top quality. Service was spectacular and very attentive. The decor was simple, clean, and modern. I would definitely come back for special occasions.
So, SO goodDid I say it was good?+ Fantastic and a amazing meal all around?reading up on some of the other yelpers former reviews about them being underwhelmed, tomatoe this course as BS etc...maybe Chef changed up the menu as a reaction to those reviews?Dont know but my menu was FANTASTIC and completely well worth the $95 pp.we had the omakase,miso soup with truffles- OMG so good. Never thought miso and truffles would be a good umami combo but this was over the top good, nice n hot and utterly delicious i could have had another bowl unto it self. My husband saw this on the menu and he said "get one yourself" you are not having any of mine. I am glad we did cus there is no way we would split that!First 3 pieces of nigiri: chef choice: bonito, seared zuke chutoro cured in soy, halibut with marinated kelp and umami. Every piece hit a new flavor profile that the hubby and I had never experienced! The combinations between searing, curing, and bits of flavor added to each fish was like a symphony all working in motion resulting like a party in my mouth. My fav was the chutoro. #WOWHot bite: Wagyu & matsutake croquette with hokkaido kobu dashi and yoshino kuzu starch. Sitting at the bar the entire night, we kept seeing one of the sous chefs taking a large ladle and pouring this rich broth into something. We found out that was the thick delcious dashi broth he was pouring around the hotly fried croquette.This piece was my favorite, crunchy, soupy, satisfying for my soul. The matsutake really hit the spot with the flavor and all of my taste buds were jumping for joy. I could eat this for days.sashimi: Hokkaido scallop, hokkaido wild yellowtail sashimi, came presented beautifully on a bed of ice with some leaf shavings of some kind- i forgot what they were but generally I dont eat scallop and it was delish. Fish was super fresh. At the beginning of the meal the server asked us what kind of fish we liked and we said uni and yellowtail. I suspect she relayed this to the chef and it later appeared in one of our courses....the uni! hooray!3 pieces of nigiri part 2: alaskan wild salmon with oboro konbu and dill, hokkadio short spine uni with ikura, and hokkaido wild yellowtail nigiri. Everything was so so good, each piece of nigiri flavored to the maximum and paired with the right accompainments.japanese tapas- shigoku oyster with french caviar, red crab sushi, lobster and shrimp small bite, and otoro sushi bite, + Shirako, aka japanese salmon sperm!Finisher was otoro- good but somewhat chewy not 100% butteryoverall everything was executed very well, from the service to presentation to each course and bite...were of the uptmost fresh...and the flavors of the nirigi sushi bites completely blew my mind...or as the hubby said it " made me think about the flavors"....which never happens!For every course of the menu, they really pulled out all the stops to provide top notch, high end seafood ingrediants. No "BS" tomato courses observed when we went. Maybe Chef saw the reviews and upped his game so he can score another michelin rated star??Someone at japanese places they will skimp on some courses and giveyou "filler" stuff, but not at kusakabe...everything was really top notch, did I say top quality already??$240 out the door for 2 with omakase and 1 asahi reserve. We were full by the end and headed to smitten to round off the night with minty ice cream.I can't wait for spring so I can go back to try their new menu. Definetely not a weekend night type of place, for sure a special occasion place to go with someone special or who is also a japanese foodie conousier like myself...for those looking for jive ass rolls, go to kitaro on Geary st please. For those nigiri purisits and japanese foodies like myself, you NEED TO GO NOW.only sit at sushi bar, dont do the table!
Agree: This is the French Laundry of Sushi!Someone asked me if this place was worth it. Not to get all Sun Tzu on you, but "worth" is something that only you can answer for yourself. For me, this place was worth it and then some.....and then some more. It wasn't just eating sushi, it was the whole intimate experience. The 4 of us were fortunate enough to get seated right in front of Chef Nori-san.  Having him explain everything he was doing, the region where this particular fish came from, why this time of the year is best for this fish, and why he chose to highlight certain tastes or textures was beyond what I can eloquently explain. The worth of this experience alone, I would do it no justice in my attempt to describe. The best comparison that I can draw is that this experience was like being invited to Chef Nori-san's personal kitchen at home and having him host the dinner party, minus the credit card part at the end. ;-)Our 5pm dinner reservation turned into a culinary odyssey beyond the constraint of time. We left close to 9pm, but it did not feel long at all. Time just went by...like at French Laundry. However, at French Laundry, neither Thomas Keller nor his sous chef ever came out to explain anything (and the sous chef was my boss' nephew).Back to Kusakabe...my recommendation is for you to go as a couple or no more than 4 people and try to get seated in front of Chef Nori-san or Chef Ken. (They were two powerhouse chefs that made Sushi Ran what it is.) So, no longer need to visit Sushi Ran. If you go with a large party, you miss the whole intention of the intimacy of the Chef's Omakase. If you want to eat with a large group, go get some pizza. It is a whole different experience to sit at the counter interacting with the Chefs masterfully working on their craft versus sitting a table far away staring at your beer drinking buddies. This applies to both Kusakabe and Sushi Ran. I am envious that you will be going soon. This was truly a wonderful experience. I have NOT been to Sukiyabashi Jiro (made famous by the documentary Jiro Dreams of Sushi), but this is as close to it as I imagine and better yet - it is in San Francisco. Stevie Dreams of (Kusakabe) Sushi. Enjoy!  Oishi!!
Exquisite dinner! Everything was delicious. We sat at the bar, in front of the head chef. Everything he gave us was spectacular. So many different types of fish, I could barely keep up. When we got to the last course, I was stuffed. Beyond the food, the atmosphere was intimate, and the wait staff was attentive and helpful. I would recommend this place to anyone who LOVES and APPRECIATES food that break dances and your taste buds.  :-)
Yea.... Only..... spectacular! Best omakase in the city of san francisco. It takes sushi to another level.
This place deserves more than one Michelin star. My boyfriend and I celebrated our anniversary there. We got seats at sushi bar which provided some interactions with chefs. I liked our chef because he was not particularly talkative or initiated conversations but if you asked, he gave pretty good answers. It gave my boyfriend and I enough privacy to ourselves. The Omakase menu was great. Fishes were very fresh. Kusakabe also integrated a warm dish into the entire menu to add diversity. Instead of eating 12 pieces of sushi in a row, we had a good combination of different types of food. I'd like to highlight the sake menu. We were recommended to take the umami flavor sake which paired perfectly with sushi. I am very glad we did. The sake had a unique lasting taste to compliment sushi and other dishes. Our waitress was wonderful, too. She was kind enough to bring another glass of a different type of sake for us to compare the taste, just because we casually mentioned that we preferred dry sake. One last thing, I would recommend ordering uni on a la carte menu. After Omakase, you probably would be pretty full, but Kusakabe has four different types of uni to offer. If you are a uni fan, you wouldn't want to miss it.
I love sushi, and I am the pickiest sushi eater you will ever probably meet. Given that statement, this place is so good DISCLAIMER: this review is purely based on quality of dishes. Do not expect to walk out of here feeling completely full and satisfactory with the amount of food they serve unless you entire another meal's worth of sushi a la carte (aka either you need to shell out about $250-300/person for a very full and satisfying meal, or naturally eat portions the size of a tennis ball, or you might possibly need a second dinner). I've eaten at sushi places from the best in LA (Sasabune and Sugar fish) and Japan (Tsukiji Fish market) and the list goes on. I can't say that the quality here is beyond what I've had before or up to par. But I can say, that it is close to par and given that I haven't been able to find a satisfactory sushi restaurant in the Bay Area (still need to try Sushi Ran), this is the best sushi restaurant I've had in the Bay thus far. (And don't tell me to try ICHI 'cause I have and it was stupid and ridiculous and I hated it) The sushi here really is unique because most of the fish here aren't just slabs of fish, they're more creative than that. And the few pieces that are just slabs of fish are the best in quality and unique fishes that you wouldn't normally find in other sushi restaurants. The most memorable of the night were: -smoked Golden Eye Snapper: had this a la carte, but it was the most unique combinations and complex layers of flavors ever. -A5 Wagyu nigiri: The softest, fattiest, most texturally pleasing piece of (uncooked) meat you will ever eat in your life. -Tuna marinated in soy sauce (then torched): very creative and unique piece of sushi (the date really loved this one) As for the miso soup, I definitely preferred the summer truffle mushroom miso soup over the duck meatball because it was lighter in broth and closer to miso soup than the duck meatball (the duck fat made the duck meatball soup on the greasier side) but nonetheless, both were good and you can order one of each to try both! Definitely will be back again when I can afford to cash out $300-400 on dinner (that won't keep me full)
Remember that time when you walked by a restaurant and you thought to yourself "hey, I want to go to that place?" And then you second guess yourself thinking...wait, "do I want to go to that place?" and then you realize that it's sushi and you really want it to be good if you're going to spend some money and not want to risk anything bad happening? Well, folks, you've found the right place.This place wins at sushi. And ambiance. And freshness. And politeness. And...just about everything. At $95 per person for Omakase, it's a solid choice for dinner if you're craving sushi. Plus, it's received a michelin star within 6 months of opening. That's gotta say something, right?Quick Pluses: - Nice, clean interior- Friendly chefs and waitstaff- Skillful preparation of fish in front of you (if you sit at the bar)- Melt in your mouth, mouth watering presentation- Zuke Chutoro is a-m-a-z-i-n-g- Seared snapper? was delicious.- Scallops, tuna, delicious.- Basically, all the sashimi was delicious.- Beef Croquette was the best croquette ever. Mini morsel of goodness.- Super rare Kaisui Uni (deep ocean packed Hokkaido sea urchin) at $14.95 per spoon a-la-carte after the meal is an amazing way to finish off the meal- $95 for omakaseI'll be honest, I didn't care too much for the duck miso soup, the individual pieces of rolls, or the oyster, but everything else knocked it out of the park.To answer your question, yes. Come here. Make your reservation early and take yourself on a sushi journey.
Delicious kaiseki () food with great service and fun conversations with the chefs and staff.Be prepared to spend more than one hour to be served your full meal.
Top pick for sushi in SF, really fresh stuff, you will Not be disappointed, they put lots of effort into their dishes. The place is small and hard to get reservation. I like to sit at the sushi bar. Also very nice sake selection.
So when I saw this pop up on the map in SF I was excited to try it especially hearing that Chef Kusakabe was at the helm. There are plenty of sushi joints in SF and many claim to be legit but this place truly explores kaiseki principles in their refined omakase menu. This place keeps the options simple and offers all guests a $95 omakase menu with the option to add a la carte items. The restaurant itself is located right next to the Transamerica building and the dcor is simple with multiple seats at the sushi bar with around 6-8 additional tables throughout the dining area. Although I was unable to sit at the sushi bar, I highly recommend folks do this. Even from my seat, it was quite a delight to watch the sushi chefs at work. We were seated immediately and servers came over to take our drink order. There is a good selection of Sake here so I am already a fan.This joint is the true omakase as the chefs determine what they will prepare daily depending on the availability of product and the season for certain types of fishes. One thing I want to warn yelpers is that this is a true dining experience and not purely just a sushi joint. If you are coming here to just eat sushi, you have the opportunity to order the a la carte but don't write off the rest of the menu. ON the day we went our menu consisted of the "tea", sushi prelude involving a few pieces of nigiri, a sashimi selection, miso soup, unique sushi, sushi plate, sushi chic, tomato tomato tomato (not a typo), and sushi finale. I won't even need to go into to detail but the presentation was just spectacular and the freshness of the fish was mind-blowing. This is without a doubt the best sushi restaurant in SF. The sequencing of the dishes was great to allow palette cleansing and just perfect consistency and rice ratio. The simplicity of this establishment and its ability to deliver masterful ingredients was amazing. I was thoroughly full after the course menu but I have to recommend EVERYONE to try the Toro AND the wagyu for the sushi finale. The toro was nothing like I had ever seen/tasted and just absolute melt in your mouth. This entire experience was top notch and I appreciated the simplistic approach to fine cuisine. This is definitely a joint that I will come back any day and bring out of towners too. I can't wait to try the next omakase based on the masterminds behind the sushi counter.
Some of the best sushi I've had in the United States. All the fish is pristine, the rice is just right, and the more innovative dishes are very thoughtfully composed. Even though I avoided the ethically questionable items like bluefin and ankimo, there were plenty of amazing things to eat. Service is great, decor is classy, price is right for what you are getting: the best sushi around.
Having my fair share of high quality fish, I decided to try Kusakabe since I was in town for the weekend. I made a reservation two days before dining there and had no problem getting the reservation. There is only one set Omakase menu which is $95 per person. After you finish the omakase set, you have the option to order from the a la carte menu. The a la carte menu features sushi or sashimi (one piece per order) and ranges from $6.50-$14.50.When we arrived at 5:15PM, there were already a couple people dining at the sushi bar. We were seated at a regular table. (I suggest sitting at the sushi bar for a better experience). Because we had a flight to catch later in the evening, we didn't take 2-3 hours dining there. In fact, we were out of the restaurant by 6:30pm. So, it is possible to go through the entire Omakase in an hour! The timing of the food is pretty good. Once they take your plate away, the next plate comes on no more than 5 minutes later. As for the fish, I have to admit that I've had better "melt in yo mouth" sashimi at other restaurants. The more outstanding items were the "Zuke Chutoro" - seared bluefin fatty tuna & the A5 Wagyu beef. If you love the A5 wagyu beef and want more, order it from the a la carte menu for $12. I had the truffle miso soup which tasted just like miso soup.. didn't really taste the truffle at all and that was 1 course. The BBQ unagi croquette was masked by the mushroom and potatoes, I didn't taste the unagi at all. For $95 pp, the menu served very little food. You'll probably need to order from the a la carte menu to get full. As for overall ambiance and experience, it was just average. The place is simple and modern. It's a casual place, definitely not "fancy." You can get away wearing comfortable jeans and a t-shirt. Honestly, it was nothing special.
if you're at all familiar with Sushi Ran in Sausalito then you must know their chef, Mitsunori Kusakabe. Sushi Ran is known to have some of the best sushi in the Bay Area and you are considered quite the lucky duck if you can snag a seat at the sushi bar for an omakase. but things have changed. for better or worse, who knows. maybe unbeknownst to the general population of eaters but definitely noted by the frequenters of the popular sushi restaurant, Kusakabe has left to open a restaurant with his own name. he serves one omakase kaiseki style menu ($95/ 8 courses) each night with the option to add nigiri, sashimi, simple maki and dessert a la carte to follow. the space is sleek and simple yet inviting once greeted by a host or server. while there are some tables near the front of the restaurant, it provides as a sort of waiting area until your seats at the sushi bar are ready. they don't want anybody to miss out on experiencing watching the chefs at work. from Sushi Ran Kusakabe brought with him Chef Ken Ngai, who we were happy to be entertained by. he created our simplistic sushi masterpieces for the evening while also making us feel welcome and playfully bantering with us or our neighbor guests. the sushi was incredible! beautifully simple, fresh and colorful. the hot dishes were also very good and adequately gave us breaks between raw fish dishes. if you truly appreciate good sushi, i absolutely recommend this place. it's only been open for about two months now and has not had very much press or advertising yet has received a lot of buzz. get your reservation sooner rather than later or you'll likely begin to see a month long wait list!
You can say I'm a bandwagon-er as I didn't hear about KUSAKABE until seeing that they received a Michelin star. Being a lover of Japanese food, we decided to give it a try (especially given that Maruya, our other choice, had lost two of its main chefs). We came here during dinner on a Saturday and the restaurant was pretty packed. The omasake was filled with extremely fresh fish. One thing I will say though: the server asked us for our favorite fish, which we responded salmon and yellowtail (sorry for being unoriginal), but we weren't served with any of them! However, there was ALOT of blue fin tuna. I love o-toro and chutoro as much as the next person, but may have preferred to have more variation of other fish (sorry again! I know, first world problem right?). But regardless, the food and its quality is top-notch so it wasn't even an issue. One thing they served that did stood out to us: a crab leg that's coated in crispy rice. That bite was heavenly! I wish I could've had seconds! After finishing the omasake, we were given the choice to order more off the a la cart menu. However, being a fan of dessert, I opted to go straight to dessert, and ordered one of each dessert (there were only 3 so I avoided being seen as the crazy dessert lady). The dessert was HEAVENLY, especially the sweet potato dessert. I really wanted to order another one, but decided not to over-bloat myself. Overall, an A+ experience. Definitely would come again!
Kusakabe. It's a dining experience where every course is designed down to the smallest detail. For that, I appreciate it.One thing with reservations - if you want to sit at the sushi bar, make sure to come earlier than you are supposed to and try to get the earlier reservation times. Apparently, outside of reserving a spot in the restaurant, where you sit is first come first serve. I was severely disappointed as I told them I would not want to make a reservation unless I could secure sitting at the sushi bar (twice I tried), just to find out they made the reservation but we were sat at a table. If they told me in advance, I would have went elsewhere for the occasion. As far as the food, everything was very good. Ika with persimmon in oil and salt, snapper in sweat broth, and potato croquette with wagyu come to mind. Also, I would highly recommend miso with truffle over the meatball one. It is infinitely more delicious, especially if you like mushrooms. Nigiri (good temperature, good texture) were all good and comes in the order they should be eaten. Every time there was a platter of 3, eating from left to right gave me an experience of good, better, and best. The pacing was good.So why not 5 stars? Other than the hiccup with the reservations, I think it's because the star of the meal was not sushi. I think I was expecting the sushi to wow me but in the end, it was the hot items that wowed me. Also if you aren't a small lady, you will leave hungry. Another thing - they sing happy birthday obnoxiously to every customer that has a birthday. It's seriously not appropriate for a $100+ dining experience and ruins the mood they set to achieve. Very very tacky.I think in the end, it was a good experience but not a good enough one for me to return over and over...I'm on the fence. Maybe it's a bit over-hyped.
Pretty legit! Go for the omakase and don't be late otherwise it kind of messes up the experience. The chef starts serving right on time and he has a system going that gets messed up if you show up late. Then what happens is that one of his assistance will end up making your sushi and it's not the same experience. My otoro finale had hair on it from the paint brush they used to brush on the sauce. I told him and then he replaced and again the hair from the brush landed on my otoro. I didn't want to waste it so I just picked it off and ate it. They comp'd my dessert but for this level of dining it was kind of unexpected. Total bill was close to ~$300Go early to figure out parking !
I hate that I'm somewhat a sushi snob now, but I blame that solely on having sushi at Jiro's in Japan last spring. That one meal experience changed everything. Now on to Nori San. He is an expert sushi chef that I would say has mastered his craft, as well. And it was by chance and an absolute pleasure to be sitting at the bar, right in front of him, and being personally served by a master. It was like having front row seats to watching the master in action. The whole meal was traditional in some sense (i.e. rice portion, rice temperature, no personal soy sauce), but non traditional in other ways that work. They offer only one choice -- $95 omakase dinner which is explores kaiseki principals to create a multi-course sushi menu. It was fascinating to watch him meticulously slice each fish and assemble it. Of course we ate everything that was offered on the menu, even getting both options where there were options. The finale for example, we were offered a choice between toro (bluefin fatty tuna) or grade A wagyu. I couldn't choose so I had both! The a la carte sushi menu was provided after our meal, and we ordered more than we had planned, but no regrets. The sushi here ranged from $8 - $15 each. The highlights were definitely the following and I recommend ordering the below four: - Uni (Mendocino sea urchin)- Bafun Uni (Hokkaido short spine sea urchin from Japan)- Shirayaki (fresh BBQ white eel)- Hamo (Kyoto pike eel tempura style) -- MUST TRY!To finish off dinner, there were three options for dessert and of course we said we'll take all three, please. The yuzu sorbet, tofu ice cream and the matcha tea creme brulee were all more than amazing. It was the perfect ending to a wonderful meal.We had dinner here two weeks ago and Chef Nori said he had only been opened for two months. Making reservations was as easy as leaving a voice mail message. Personally, this place will become Michelin-rated in no time. And getting reservations won't be as easy because the dinner experience was just plain, amazing. P.S. Don't forget to bring your wallet!
My favorite sushi place now:)Great food and sweet people!
I went here for my birthday dinner (Nov 3) this year and it was fantastic. The food was excellent and so was the service. I sat at the bar for this experience and I would recommend that to anyone who goes here. Not cheap but I'll never forget anything about my dining experience here.
My fiance and I was very satisfied with our dining experience at Kusakabe!Having been to Japan and having had very fresh fish/sashimi in Japan, I think Kusakabe is pretty darn good. I am talking about the entire quality of omakase for it's price (in SF) along with it's service.We dined here a couple weeks after they had their soft opening so they were still trying to figure out some kinks. So I originally had a reservation at 8pm and they called me to ask if I was okay to change it to 8:30pm. That was fine, I just had to eat a little snack before since 8:30pm is considered a pretty late dinner for me. At 8:40pm or so, we got seated at the bar, in front of one of the sushi chefs Ken. He and other staff were friendly, place was clean, but no purse hooks under the counter :(Ken introduced each food item while serving us and I enjoyed looking at him prepare our food. Every item was fresh and tasted decadent. Just looking back at the photos make my mouth water. We also order extra sushi from the a la carte menu after omakase to try, which also tasted great. The couple next to us arrive later and so we got to witness how the chef "made up the lost time" to get them caught up with the omakase menu.I am pretty sure if I go back again now, they will have ironed out the kinks with their reservation times and the experience would be perfect!
This one is a tough one for me, because I almost want to like the sushi here. Almost.There is an effort made to flavor the rice, but it just comes off as rough and unrefined. There's an unpleasant edge to it. Comparing it to the rice at 15 East in NYC is interesting - because 15 East occasionally (well, often) ended up with rice that was too forward, too in your face. But even though it was almost too much, it still tasted pretty good. You got the sense of what they were trying to do. Just it went too far in the flavor profile. It had personality.But Kusakabe, it's not like they go too far or not far enough in flavor (e.g., lacking personality like Wako), but the direction of the flavor is just off. I don't know if there was a bitterness to it? Hard to put my finger on it. But it just had a slightly abrasive personality, and the issue was still there even after they switched to a new vat of rice, midway through my meal.Fish preparations try to be too fancy for their own good. What's up with the zuke being aburi'd? Why marinate something if you're going to torch it? Or vice-versa? When I asked, I was told that it's because zuke can often be tough. I guess that's true. But out of the dozens of times I've had amazing zuke in Japan, I can't recall once thinking it was tough and needed the torch. Still, had a few pieces that were quite good. Just they were in the minority.Egg was dry. Also tries to be fancier than it needs to be. Good tamago doesn't need to be mixed with lobster, which I didn't find to bring anything to the experience.
Dining at Kusakabe is a treat and the experience is reflective of its Michelin star rating. Come for the omakase menu which consists mostly of sushi and a couple hot dishes, all beautifully and thoughtfully prepared. After the omakase courses were served, we opted for more sushi a la carte. We're glad we did since there were some gems including a delicate, sweet uni from Hokkaido and a specially prepared white eel that tasted different from any other that we've had. Most seating is at the bar, which is perfect for omakase - we felt taken care of by our chef and we appreciated that he provided details about the ingredients and techniques used. It was a memorable meal.
Went here for my birthday with 7 friends. They were really nice about accommodating such a large party relative to their restaurant size. I had called two months in advance and had no problem getting reservations.The omakase was fresh and delicious. Everything was beautifully plated. The wait-staff were friendly and knowledgable. I would definitely go back. Get the deep-sea uni as an add-on after the omakase!
There's not much to say that hasn't been said already about this establishment. Everything was delicious, except I didn't care for the kelp tea lol I like that I didn't have to worry about soy sauce or wasabi because everything was preseasoned perfectly or left in the state it should be eaten in. Very enjoyable meal and if they do a whole revamp on the kaiseki, I'd come back again!
Read the other detailed five star reviews and look at the 800+ photos and you will get the picture. I had to book 6 weeks in advance to get a Thursday 7:00 table and now that they've got a Michelin star that lead time might get even longer. Get your sushi craving butt down here, try to get a seat at the bar, and enjoy some truly wonderful, creative fare served with care, precision, and grace.Don't miss it - worth every dolla will make you holla....
Pure excellence. This place is magic! Quality of fish is outstanding, -textures are delicate and intricate, presentation is simple and elegant. We also enjoyed some great Champagne and sake (very clean and velvety, best sake i've had!) and it went so well with everything we had.Restaurant itself went under quiet a transformation, -nothing resembles Machka. I love the simplicity and airiness of it. The only thing which slightly bothered me was that it was really hard to understand what ingredients went in each masterpiece. We kept asking over and over again and prolly bothered the $hit out of chefs). Sorry, but i just feel that restaurant of this level must emphasize it's food a bit heavier and be as descriptive as possible. Bill was pretty high but it so worth it.
A terrific sushi experience for great value. Very fresh fish selection and precise explanations of all the fish variety. Did not feel they tried to fill you up with hot foods and soups like many Omakase menus do in Japanese establishments. Only suggestion is they should have a Nigiri only menu Omakase option whereby you can just have 9-15 pieces of sushi without hot foods.Came out to $120/person with 1 half-bottle of sake. Very reasonable pricing for the quality of fish served. The A5 grade waygu beef was also mind-blowing.
Had the Omakase. It was ok. Nothing crazy. Good fish but not worth it for what they charge. I didn't pay so it was fine. I wouldn't go back if I had to pay myself.
Beautiful, delicious, friendly, not stuffy and pretentious. Great experience. My BF melted and went to an altered state when he had the uni. :)
I knew I had to try this place as soon as I heard of it. Mitsunori Kusakabe, former chef of Michelin Starred Sushi Ran, opened this quaint sushi spot in Financial District last year. Just looking at the pictures made me reminisce of my trip to the Tsujiki fish market years ago. Maybe I have bad luck, but when eating Sushi in the States I often find myself staring at some dish that resembles pink jello when I go to other restaurants. Not at Kusakabe though. No way. Every dish is perfectly plated and presented. The sushi fresh and glistening. The service relaxed, but attentive. The atmosphere was was interesting given the small real estate. I hate sitting shoulder to shoulder a couple feet apart with the patrons next to me, each of us overhearing each others conversations. That, however, is often hard to avoid in this city. Interestingly enough, the tables was a little long, making it slightly difficult to speak without announcing everything to the tables next to us. If I had to do it again, I would probably try the bar. At least there, one would get a view of the chefs at work and one would be able to turn to his/her dinner companion for private conversation.My favorite dish was one of the first ones -- the Zuke (lightly seared bluefin medium fatty tuna cured in soy sauce). If you follow 7x7 Big Eats, you will know that Kusakabe is on that list for their A5 Wagyu Nigiri. At the end of the meal, you get the choice of either the Toro (fatty tuna) or the Wagyu. I opted to spring for both, adding one a la carte. To my surprise, the Wagyu was good, but I actually preferred the Toro. For dessert, I would recommend the Yuzu sorbet (small portion). For drinks, all their sake seem to be on point and their Koshihikari Echigo Beer was quite smooth. Definitely would recommend, but be prepared to shell out serious dough if you want the true experience.
Best sushi experience in the Bay Area by far! This restaurant is kaisekei style, and most of their cooked dishes were tasty but the true star was definitely the sushi. I really wish that they would offer an option of just sushi in the future!  We had the pleasure of sitting right in front of chef Kusakabe. Watching his knife work and the way he shaped the shari to the fish, we knew that we were in for an excellent meal. The shari- hands down one of the best I've had, def the best in the Bay Area, and comparable to some in LA and NYC. Perfectly seasoned and great consistency. The fish- all extremely fresh and here is the key- were higher quality cuts of fish. Very well seasoned with strong bold flavors like lemon, Yuzu and use of smoke. Just... oh so delicious. The whole restaurant also all came out to sing happy birthday to boyfriend, which was very sweet and just made our night even more special. I can't wait to come back!
Best sushi I've had in my life... in the US.I was too embarrassed to document the food here because I hate taking my phone out on dates. I came here not knowing what that this was a multi-course prix fixe menu (Kaiseki cuisine), so of course I was delighted. But everyone else has done a pretty good job of that. I'm just here to verify that this place was, in fact, awesome. I would come here again in a heart beat.Make sure you don't eat right before you come because the amount of food you get will fill you up perfectly. No, it will not stuff you, but it will fill you up as you slowly let the rice and other food expand in your stomach. Don't be a lard. The a la carte menu is totally unnecessary. What IS a necessary addition, however, is sake! Because why the hell not? You're going to need help washing it down!What else? It's an awful place for groups. Great for one on one dates. Keep that in mind. I plan on taking my old roommate here for his birthday. I hope he doesn't read this. Service is also great, blah blah blah. Last seating is at 8:30, so keep that in mind! And make a reservation!
The food and the service here is impeccable. At first I was disappointed with the amount of food we got for the price point, but the more I thought about the meal and experience I realized how much thought went into each course and my appreciation for Kusakabe grew. For instance, for one of our first pieces of nigiri, a small mint leaf was placed between our halibut and rice with a touch of lime (? I think) and the mix of all the flavors worked so well together. Also, some of the other nigiri was lightly seared just to give the fish a slight smokey flavor. Some of my favorites from the night were the fatty toro and the crispy fried tofu with crab. We ended the meal with the matcha creme brle. Sometimes when you have a matcha green tea flavored dessert, the matcha flavor is either too strong or the dessert is too sweet. The creme brle here wasn't too sweet and the matcha flavor wasn't overpowering, definitely a perfect end to an amazing dinner. The dinner took exactly 2 hours and all the courses were timed perfectly. I also appreciate how Chef Kusakabe himself served everyone the nigiri.
This was truly amazing food!!
Whenever I think of splurging on yummy Japanese food. I think of Kusakabe. ** Chef Kusakabe is from Sushi Ran. I've always been a fan of their sushi bar until I got fed up with the staffs rude attitude on the phone.Luckily, I now have Kusakabe to go to! I love how their omakase has English descriptions so you know exactly what you're getting instead of having to perk your ears up every time to hear descriptions of each course. After all, who can remember all the details after a bottle of sake??Kusakabe's omakase course is a must. It is a delightful journey, authentic Japanese with a Californian twist; utilizing seasonal ingredients. Want to try more? Can always order from their a la carte menu. I got fire squids and they were absolutely delicious.They also have a very special bottle of Dassai sake that is extremely pricey but worth every drop. Great job Chef Kusakabe and team! I will definitely be coming back for more, especially to practice my rusty Japanese!*
We had another wonderful dinner at Kusakabe as we sat in so comfortable dining room chairs at a beautiful wooden bar.  Our smiling waitress, Hiromi (who is also a sake expert) making sure we were treated like royalty. A truly elegant dinner. We sat with the owner/chef Chef Nori which was just great fun. We loved watching him make us a perfect dinner and talking to him about his food! It is such a personal experience. We have sat with Chef Ken too which is also so special! We arrived promptly at 5pm and sat there for 3 full delicious hours. We had incredible sushi at Koo in the Sunset the night before so normally we would not have wanted sushi again the next night but after the first bite, we craved more!  Again, all the preparations are so good. The fish is so fresh. We found though the preps add so much flavor they did not overwhelm the delicate fish. The first 3 nigiri, Zuke chutoro that is cured in soy sauce, 2nd marinated hirami in Konbu with it liver on top with lime zest, a squeeze of lemon juice and soy and then the 3rd nigiri is Konbu smoked katsuo with ponzu all were so good the night was off with a memorable start.  I can still taste the intense smokey flavor of the katsuo that gave way to the rich flavor of the fish. It was delicious. The Chef explained only the outside of the fish is smoked so the interior keeps its natural flavor. A sashimi bowl followed miso soup and a beautiful plate of 5 small bites. First was a tomato with tomato ice which was intensely tomato flavored, then Kona crab, a perfect Higoku oyster with a bit of caviar, blue fin negi toro and bite of shrimp.After B.B.Q. Unagi and matsutate croquette and 3 more perfect nigiri the sushi finale of toro or grade 5 Miyazaki wagyu beef was eaten with delight. We always do both! LOLFrom the after omakase menu though quite full, we decided to try the gyoku, a fresh lobster omelet; another smoked katsuo.And then an off menu fresh not frozen unagi seared with a crispy skin. It was just delicious. Under the guidance of Hiromi, we splurged on some special sake, Dassai "Centrifuge" Migaki23 Junmai Daiginjo which we loved a bit too much. Dessert of a light yuzu sorbet and a chestnut creme brulee were just a small sweet bite after such a full dinner. YUM! YUM GOOD!Thank you Kusakabe for such a great evening!
Wow! I honestly thought that the small bites would have me going home hungry but I was so wrong. Half way through each delicious piece, i was starting to get full! Sushi that was art, fresh and amazing. Service was spectacular. This was for my birthday and definitely a great special occasion type of dinner (and the alcohol can add up)! Their al a carte menu for nigiri was so tempting with their unique options (just pricey).
Fourth visit as fabulous as the first
I was thrilled to score a reservation here for my husby's birthday. Kusakabe served us at Sushi Ran and after I read he opened his own restaurant I knew we had to come. It was a set Omakase menu - Kaiseki style. It was different with a delicious variety of fresh fish to cooked delicacies. We originally had reservations at a table but I was dying to sit at the sushi bar to interact and see everything. Here was a snippet of our menu:Konbu cha, kelp tea - so different then anything I ever had. Chutoro + 2 other nigiri piecesScallop over shaved ice w/ 2 kinds of dipping sauce - loved 1 of the unique dipping sauces of yuzu, onion and deliciousnessDuck dumpling miso soupKonbu cured ocean trout w/ sesame miso and cilantro sushi rice - box sushi very tastyCrab, crispy rice cracker tofu in konbu dashi broth - another fave 2 other sushi of the dayToro & Wagyu as the Sushi course finale - the toro was top notchWe also ordered 2 pcs each extra - we were dying to end with uni. I tried the tamago and husby tried the flying fish.Great food, company, and service. I heart!
"Perfection" is the word that immediately comes to mind when I think about my dinner here last night. I came with my colleague and both of us were moaning and groaning (in ecstasy) throughout the meal. We were lucky enough to be seated right in front of Chef Kusakabe, who is mild mannered and soft spoken, but very nice (and blessed with magic sushi-making hands!). Every time we thought we had tasted the "best thing ever" he would put something else in front of us that was even better! Some of the highlights for me were the zuke chutoro, the wagyu beef, the halibut with shiso leaf, and Alaskan salmon that was so sweet it tasted almost like it had sugar on it. The staff was also lovely and made some great wine recommendations. Worth every penny. Can't wait to come back!!
This is not your typical sushi restaurant. It is a dining experience I will remember for the rest of my life--along with four or so other memorable meals I've had in Valencia, Napa, SF, and Florence. It's the first sushi restaurant in SF to receive a Michelin star, and Chef Kusakabe deserves it for his originality and meticulous attention to detail.There is one choice on the menu, the omakase, which is well worth the $95 fixed price. The items are listed on a sheet of paper by your place setting. One single piece of each item is placed on your plate. There are some 12 or so pieces total. Each one is a delicate work of handcrafted perfection, with a variety of subtle flavors that merit paused appreciation and wonder. Then, as the omakase winds toward a grand finale of your choice (either bluefin toro or wagyu beef) a nigiri menu is brought forth and other individual delicacies become available for your selection. These include thee different kinds of uni: an outstandingly smooth one from Santa Barbara (where more than half the world's uni originates), a deliciously delicate short-spine variety from Japan, and a third deep-sea variety which I reserved in eager anticipation for my next visit.Chef Kusakabe stands behind the sushi bar personally crafting each piece with the assistance of five other chefs. The attention he gives to each cut of the knife, each dab and brush of sauce, and each stroke of flame from his torch is worth watching. Sit at the bar and watch. It will greatly enhance your experience.Some of the memorable items included zuke chutoro, Wagyu beef, striped jack, and Japanese red snapper. The seasoning delicately enhanced the flavor of the fish without detracting from it. Wow!
4.5 STARS If you don't know by now, one of my most expensive habits is sushi. Who needs designer clothes and shoes, when you can have foodgasms? You can't put a price on that. Well, technically you can but just don't tell Mr. Amex that because he hates me after last night's dinner. Mr. NSS and I had an agreement: I pay. He puts out. More on that later.Grand opening last night, Kusakabe was one of the most highly anticipated restaurant openings this year for me. The chef/co-owner, Kasakabe hails from the Michelin rated (once Michelin starred) and wildly popular Sushi Ran in Sausalito. Seating for only 14-16 people at the sushi bar, reservations are highly recommended ($30 pp cancellation fee if reservations are not cancelled within 2 days). There were also several two-tops but none were utilized last night. Kusakabe is the third high-end sushi restaurant in SF to open after Akiko's and Maruya. Although I read that there would be an a la carte menu (nigiri), there was only an omakase menu last night comprising of a welcoming tea and 13 pieces of nigiri for $95. Unless you want to be shunned, please don't come here asking about Dragon rolls, Lion king rolls, or any of the like. It's strictly nigiri and sashimi. And please don't be THAT girl asking for cooked sushi: bit.ly/1nHayBO. I can't help but feel bad for her though. All the nigiri is eaten traditionally with your hands, and no soy sauce or wasabi is provided. Each nigiri is prepared with various accoutrements and topped with a sauce that best highlight the fish. The balls of shari were smaller than what I'm used to (no pun intended) but that made for less carb consumption which is just fine by me. More sake for me!~ * ~ O M A K A S E ($95) * ~ **Kombu-cha kelp tea: bit.ly/TxPlOy*Chotoro cured in soy, lightly seared: bit.ly/RX7949*Striped jack cold smoked over maple wood w/ smoked salt: bit.ly/1nhfbTQ*Ikejime halibut topped w/ steamed liver & ponzu: bit.ly/1jagyeR*Shrimp tempari wrapped in bamboo leaf w/ key lime: bit.ly/1ksxUZ5*Bluefin tuna & Hokkaido scallops: bit.ly/1lVQmaQ*Crispy sesame oyster sushi w/ verdolaga leaves: bit.ly/1vM9pLr, cross section view: bit.ly/1lGfuB0*Duck dumpling miso soup w/ mitsuba parsley & sansho pepper: bit.ly/1nhfm1y*Botan shrimp cured w/ kombu: bit.ly/RdfEYh*Tasmanian ocean trout, shabu-shabu style: bit.ly/1jah64t*Sea urchin & ikura cured in umami sauce: bit.ly/1oVSpjZ*A5 wagyu lightly seared w/ salt & pepper: bit.ly/1n4aqdN*Otoro w/ umami sauce: bit.ly/1ojpYtK*Organic omelet in chicken dashi: bit.ly/1ksz1IeAdditional orders:*Ankimo ($7.50 ea): bit.ly/1oVSS5S*Soymilk ice cream ($4.50): bit.ly/1vMaNh6The welcoming tea was delightful and sweet yet savory. I could of drank an entire tea kettle of this because it was that good.At first I was disappointed with their small fish selection but after giving it some thought, Chef Kusakabe's prep is truly unique and unlike anything I've ever had. For example, the striped jack was infused with just enough smoke to give it a deliciously smoky flavor without ruining the integrity of the fish. I'm not one for deep fried sushi but the crispy sesame oyster sushi was genius. It was encapsulated with a carblicious, deep fried crispy sesame and shari exterior while the oyster maintained its raw state. Other favorites were the chutoro and otoro, both of which that were luxuriously fatty. Can't forget about the A5 wagyu which was torched just enough to start melting some of the intense marbling. It was like beef buttah but Akiko's ridiculous prep with truffle oil and shaved black truffle will always be my favorite.I saw ankimo (off the menu) being cut and I had to get my foie gras of the sea fix. It was good but doesn't hold a candle to Ino's. My least favorite nigiri was the tamago. It had a nice sweetness to it but totally lacked any soft fluffiness. Nothing beats Tani's tamago. I love soymilk and was excited for the soymilk ice cream. While it was beautifully presented in a flower shaped cone, the consistency was very granular and more like a sherbet. If you're a sake/shochu drinker, I highly recommend the Crystal Dragon Ginjo (6 oz - $26): bit.ly/1oWa6Qu which was incredibly smooth with a subtle melon finish. Service was polite as you would expect from most traditional Japanese restaurants (Ino's excluded). The omakase dinner is a slow paced meal so expect to be here for at least 2 hours. Metered street parking was easily found before 6 pm. The nearest garage is 2 blocks away at the Embarcadero Garage ($3/hour after 5 pm). All in all, a pretty solid grand opening day but I would like to see a larger and more exotic fish selection in order for it to be solid 5 star experience. Back to that "I pay, he puts out". Fail. He put out all right...to Mr. Kohler. *Evil eye to Mr. Fernet*
Simply amazing. Even that doesn't begin to describe it. All the sushi just melted in my mouth like butter. I really wanted more, but fortunately for me, it was enough to keep me full. Everything was excellent; the menu items are repeated verbatim on each of these reviews, so I won't go into too much detail, but in my opinion, nothing needs to be changed.I felt guilty eating each dish because they all were works of art.. but the taste of each item was worth "destroying" each piece of art :)Also, the service was top notch. I had three different servers attend to me, and on top of that, one of the chefs personally delivered a plate to me (I didn't sit at the bar). I will definitely come back.Total is $95 for the entire experience, and it was worth every penny.
Better than Maruya. Amazing sushi and pairing experience. Creative style, Flawless Execution and Presentation, Taste was heavenly!! Beautiful dinner! Couldn't stop thinking about this place.... =p
I still dream of the Omakase we indulged months ago. I can't wait to come back and have a repeat of the beautiful flavors and top-notch experience Kusukabe has to offer. We chanced upon Kusukabe while walking around the edge of the Financial District. Perhaps one of my favorite parts of SF -- the tree lined streets, brick buildings, secret alleys and beautiful windows from well-curated retail stores, galleries and very well placed restaurants reminds me of the West Village in New York City. When you enter Kusukabe you already know that your meal is going to be FANTASTIC. The minimal decor with great attention to the wood paneling, wood floors and clean lines of beautiful wood furniture. For one second I thought the lighting was too bright. No it was not -- you'll want to see the intricately plated dishes as each is served to eagerly awaiting patrons. It is part of the dining experience. The food...every slice of fish and wagyu beef was served fresh and true to taste. We sat at the sushi bar. It was a bonus to watch the sushi chefs skillfully and artfully carve each sushi or sashimi with care. The sake collection just as impeccable as the food they serve.We didn't stop at the Omakase menu -- we ordered a few a la carte pieces to feed our curiosity. The nearly $500 bill for two was well worth every penny. I can't wait to go back again.
BEST sushi I've ever had!!!After scrolling through Yelp to find a decent sushi place in the Bay Area, this one caught my attention due to the high rating. I called to make a reservation the day I wanted to eat, which was a mistake. They were able to squeeze us (myself and another) in at 5:45pm (it was a Saturday night). If you plan on eating here, call and reserve at least a day in advance. They serve a seven course meal that takes at least two hours to finish. Plus, the final seating is at 8:30pm.The restaurant doesn't have much curb advertising, as I almost walked by it. The interior is traditional Japanese, with a long sushi bar and a handful of tables. The menu is prefix ($95 each) with about 7 small courses. We loved the food so much that we ended up ordering 10 more pieces a la carte. The toro was the best!!! All the sushi is meticulously cut and displayed beautifully. If you're looking for an amazing sushi place, definitely check this place out.
This place is good, the sushi is good, but I think they need to create better dishes. It seems like they put a lot of emphasis on being able to sear the fish with a torch in front of us and that we would be amazed at that. Don't get me wrong, the fish is good quality, but that doesn't mean they should just sear it and say that's your dinner. If that's the case, I would just go to Benihana. I like to try different dishes that the chef makes up incorporating the fish. See my review on Wakuriya - same price but better experience/food.This place gets 3 stars though because I tried their Kaisui Uni which was really good. For $14.50 for a piece, it better be good, right? Probably won't come back here again though. I left the place still hungry.
Phenomenal - the ONLY thing I can discuss as a negative is how long it took to get a reservation for a party of 6. The meal was fantastic - soy fatty tuna is out of this world!!!
(Huh? Where'd my review go?)In summary: the food's good.The omakase serving format's slowww.My appetite #aintgottimefuhdat.$95 Omakase MenuThe whole thing (yelp.com/biz_photos/kusa)Openers (yelp.com/biz_photos/kusa)Mid courses (yelp.com/biz_photos/kusa)Finishers (yelp.com/biz_photos/kusa)$?? A la Carte MenuMains (yelp.com/biz_photos/kusa)Desserts (yelp.com/biz_photos/kusa)Teas (yelp.com/biz_photos/kusa)
Hands down, one of the best sushi experiences I've ever had. The sushi was fresh, delicious and masterfully prepared. Service was impeccable. A little on the pricey side, but well worth it. Try to get a seat at the bar.
This place makes me want to rethink my rating system, it's better than a lot of 5's I have given out so far. This is perfection.My bro and I got a sushi bar seat right in front of Chef Kusakabe -- he was phenomenal describing the nuances of each course and guiding us on decisions for the a la carte menu after the omakase.There was not one bite in this meal that I didn't like, simply incredible. Favorite pieces were the Zuke and the Ocean Snapper.Recommendations:Try the fresh sakeTry the uniTry the eelMake reservations in advance - place was packed on Wednesday night.Be ready to drop some serious coin. Omakase is $95, wine/sake pairing is another $85, and you will surely want to add extras a la carte at the end. $500 all-in for two people if you do it right.
Oh man, where do I even start... It's taken me way too long to try kusakabe. It's not easy to get a reservation here but if you happen to walk by and the doors are open, maybe you will be as lucky to find that others have cancelled their reservations. This is an experience. You don't order anything, you don't do anything. You just enjoy the show that they've meticulously planned out for you. I've tried a few omakases in my life but the art that they put into theirs is like no other. I'm not one to spoil a fantastic movie, but I'll say that they will take care of you. After the climatic ending with either a wagyu or toro nigiri, you have the option to order a la carte. If you're still up to it after that masterpiece of a show (I always am), I suggest you order the three Unis side by side to compare the taste. Not to mention, my one and only sushi chef doesn't use seaweed to overpower the delicate taste of the Uni. Divine. Did I mention my favorite chef, ken (whose departure was the reason I stopped going to sushi ran)? He's fantastic. If you're not personally familiar with the chefs at the bar, ask to be seated in front of ken. He won't disappoint.
Great tasting menu and reasonably priced considering this place has a Michelin star. However, the service while attentive and pleasant was not a standout. They also appear to have scheduling issues. Enjoyed all of the dishes presented with the exception of the monkfish. The scallops were the standout of the evening.Overall, would very much recommend this spot for lovers of Japanese cuisine.
In addition to the omakase menu we also ordered a few other pieces, of which the kaisui uni was the highlight of my night! It was served in a spoon and melts in the mouth right away...wish there was more than just a bite :) Service was excellent here as well. Worth the one star and I hope to visit again soon!
This is currently one of my favorite restaurants for sushi. Takes forever to make a reservation though but it's worth it. Make sure you sit at the bar because watching the sushi chefs is part of the fun. You have to be ready to spend a lot of money though. Dinner with drinks for two is going to be around $350.
Omakase, means entrusting the sushi chef to take care of you - Kusakabe does just that. This was a great dining experience. We left feeling full. Aside from the omakase dinner service, we ordered 2 other a la carte items at the end of our dinner service, just because. Not because we felt we needed to eat more to feel satisfied. Everything was spot on and delicious. This IS Japanese fine dining. I don't think we were disappointed in a single dish we received. The atmosphere was pleasant. Very minimalistic, humble, and the staff within - charming. We sat at a table, but I think the next time we pay a visit, we would definitely like to sit at the chef bar to watch our sushi be made. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a unique dining experience. Definitely the best sushi I have had in a long time. Well deserved of the Michelin star they received for 2015.
Atmosphere: The crowd was just a tad bit too noisy for my liking. Very clean and modern.Food: I definitely loved some items and thought some were meh. I had the omakase and ordered 3 pieces of sushi additionally.Good - Zuke Chutoro, King Salmon (First time having salmon that literally melted in my mouth), Kaisui Uni (As the waitress suggested, once you have had Hokkaido uni, you won't be able to eat any other uni), Toro (MY FAVORITE), Wagyu (Perfectly seasoned with salt and pepper and the meat melted in my mouth), and the summer truffle mushroom miso soupTo Skip - Awabi (It was very crunchy, almost like chewing on cartilage), the one in one of my pictures with a green leaf between the rice and fish (the flavor of the leaf overpowered the fish), lettuce wrapped sushi (Too messy to eat and the flavors were forgettable)Service: Super friendly! The chefs said thank you to us so many times while we were walking out. Our waitress was assisting with taking a picture of my friend and I, and her coworker said that the lighting was bad. He took the initiative to walk through the back of the kitchen to the other side of the sushi bar just to take a better picture of us.Price: Expensive but worth it.Thank you for a wonderful meal!
This place was amazing.
This restaurant is not the best. May be because of a star from Michelin and high reviews, I have expected more. Overhyped but have no doubt.. Easily a five stars *****
Rooted in Sushi Ran, but not so mainstream, and much more intimate.Considering the location, quality of the ingredients, caliber of the staff, and the amount of work that goes into the ingredient prep, I thought this was quite a bit of value. I know that sounds weird/douchey given the $95/pp omakase pricing, but you definitely get a lot of food & omotenashi & hospitality for your money. Recommended.Notables:* Remarkably-prepared fish. And I don't mean the of-course-deft knifework. I mean the curing & pickling & marinating that most of the fish were treated to, to add depth and character. Whether soy or konbu or vinegar, very expertly done.* The rice was a real thing. Excellent temperature, just the right amount of air between the grains. Brought to the counter in properly-small containers.* Whimsical! Our menu featured an item called "Tomato Tomato Tomato" * Very friendly staff, not at all stuffy or off-putting. Everyone was engaging, professional, and attentive. And despite the auto-pilot nature of omakase, they will ask not only about food allergies and restrictions, but what kind of fish you tend to prefer. (On this latter point, I always recommend just asking for whatever is good today/this time of the year -- you might discover a favorite new fish!)* I'm genuinely curious why there were no clam varietals on the menu, on our visit.All told you won't get this much craftsmanship, for this price, in the area. Certainly not at Pabu, so don't get me started on that.
6 years of living in Japan and frequently go back for food and traveling. I have had great sushi, the ones you line up in front of Tsukiji fish market for hours, etc. Kusakabe is up there with all. Initially i compared this place with Maruya but after 6th visits back to Kusakabe, this is a different league. I think is is better than USD 500 per head at Masa in New York.  And we always splurge with the best sake (the recommendation of sake is very good by the way), it is still half of what Masa would charge. (i like the counter top of beautiful piece of wood a lot, but that should not be the reason to eat there). The best serious sushi place in San Francisco and probably in the U.S.  Thankful that there is such place as Kusakabe in San Francisco.
I'm not going to hold myself out there as an expert, but in my opinion, Kusakabe has served me perhaps the best sushi that I've ever had.The one thing you need to know about this place before making reservations is that you'll be required to participate in an Omakase (Chef's tasting) menu at the price of $95. (You can order additional pieces later on in the dinner, but pure a la carte is not an option). Compared to other omakases I've had, this is perhaps the most expensive, but I believe it's certainly worth it.Each prepared nigiri, represents to me the quintessential bite of sushi - the rice and fish are in perfect proportion, the rice had the perfect texture, each piece was seasoned well, and the fish is just so luxurious it basically melts in your mouth. The highlights for me were the Katsuo, Zuke Chutoro, and the Wagyu Beef pieces.The other bites kind of left a little bit to be desired as they were sort of one note and not quite as lively or bright. The standout, though, was the raw octopus with persimmon which was a really tasty dish with the contrasting textures of persimmon and octopus pairing quite nicely with the sweetness of both complimenting each other very well. However, I have to deduct a star based on their inability to accommodate our reservation. As a Michelin Star establishment, they should be able to keep the reservation at the scheduled time. We were not able to get seated for over 45 minutes after our scheduled reservation, and even that took a little bit more prodding by the girlfriend to get done (Even though I'm the lawyer in the relationship, she's better at negotiating tough situations).We were given 10% off our bill at the end of the day, which isn't insignificant given the cost of admission, but I would've still appreciated a timely reservation more.I hope to try this place again and hopefully a future reservation will be held up to the scheduled time.Almost a perfect experience.
It's OK, but unfortunately not of Michelin-star caliber. Two of the seven bites offered in the omakase style dinner -- not coincidentally, the first and the last -- were great, but the rest were mediocre.
Had a great meal at Kusakabe last night! Despite it being the opening night and Nori-san saying they were panicked, things went pretty smoothly for the receiving end of the sushi bar. We followed Nori-san from Sushi Ran and were really excited for their opening!The omakase progressed from a kombu tea to sushi to cooked items and back to sushi with the option to add a la carte items before the final tamago sushi (and dessert!). Every dish was prepared precisely & beautifully. He's the type to notice that my husband is left handed, so sushi is set down at a different angle than mine. My highlights were the cold smoked shima-aji (striped jack), the tuna and Hokkaido scallop sashimi, duck dumpling soup, ohtoro, and aji (ordered a la carte). There were four dessert options and I wanted to try them all, but we decided on the soy ice cream with monaka and kuromitsu and the yuzu and shiso sorbet. Both were delicious, but I liked the ice cream w/ monaka & kuromitsu more.The ambiance was very nice. There's gorgeous wood everywhere. The wait staff was very friendly - I believe two (maybe more) are from Sushi Ran so it was great to see some familiar faces. I will admit that the service was a little slow in the beginning, but it's their opening night and given that they were all still getting familiar with the process, they did really well. We took BART - it's a 10 min walk to Montgomery St station, but it looked like there was street parking available nearby. We did notice street traffic looked awful as we were walking over around 7:15pm, but they were mostly trying to leave the area.I can't wait to go back!
Sit at the bar if you want the "whole" experience. Our sushi chef, Ken, was very polite and patient with explaining what type of fish and garnish he used. The servers were also very on point with removing plates and refilling the drinks/sake. Part of the set menu allows you to choose what you want such as the Wagyu or the O-Toro. The good thing is that if you didn't eat something, you can always get it from the a-la-carte menu which is in the $9-$12+/piece range. Even though the Omakase menu is small, I felt satisfied.Must orders:- Wagyu nigiri - Seared to perfection and melts right in your mouth.- Matcha Creme Brulee - Probably the best Creme Brulee I've ever had.Overall, the service was great. Great selection of quality Sake. Expect to spend $150+ per person. Would come back.
I've been here twice now, and both times they've absolutely blown me away. Everything they put in front of me was amazingly delicious, the sake pairing was perfect, and the Kaisui Uni I had at the end was, in the words of the sushi chef on my first visit, life changing.
Amazing food and service! One of the best omakase experiences I've had in years. Great price point for such excellent food.
Amazing and very authentic omakase experience for only $95? YES PLEASE (whilst my wallet cries). The fish are incredibly fresh, and each sushi has a distinct flavor, so you get to explore a wide palate. In addition, some of the courses are imaginative and the aesthetics effectively match the taste. My favorite dishes were probably the salmon bou-zushi style (the rice was a combination of different rice grains), the chutoro, the agedashi tofu (the tofu is fried with a fluffy but crunch outer covering and it comes in a savory sauce/soup), and the otoro. The shrimp temari was also very adorable; it came in the shape of a ball! For a la carte after the omakase is completed, we also tried the squid, hokkaido uni, and flying fish sashimi topped with its roe. After sushi, we got the matcha creme brulee and soy milk ice cream for dessert. The soy milk ice cream came between two wafer-like cookies, and could be eaten as a sandwich; light but nicely sweet. The matcha creme brulee, on the other hand, was probably the best I have ever had, part of the reason being the matcha flavor. It practically melted in my mouth... Definitely one of the best sushi dinners I have ever had... I can't wait to come back!
Another spectacular dining experience at Kusakabe. You are such a bad influence on my wallet. I'm a fan of the nigiri. Wish we could just order straight from the a la carte menu. Still love the toro and wagyu beef. Newly discovered favorite nigiri was the kisu. Looking forward to my next dining experience here.
Goooood....but pricey....you should try if your money's right!Sorry...been meaning to write a review for this spot but just really lazy right now. This is a strong 4+ star. Some of the chefs/owners are coming from Sushi Ran @ Sausalito..which is one of my favorites in the bay area.I ate here when they first opened and I believe they recently had received a Michelin star. Omakase only. Chu-toro, they had a toasted rice thingy dish that was really good. I'll plan to update this review and add pictures when I find time top get around it.i recommend. Not great for large groups...nice for couples
The best place to get sushi!! Too bad that it is only omakase and can only order al la cart after but at $95 for the omakase, it's totally worth it! You are surprisingly satisfied after, not stuffed. Hopefully after their Michelin star they won't totally increase their price. Everything is super fresh, tasty, and not everything is sustainable... Toro!!
Called in advanced for reservations for the sushi bar with kusakabe ...Decor: loved the brick wall backdrop and wooden bar, what a great sanctuary in fidi (felt as though we were in New York) Drinks: great recommendations for sake made by the waitress, shared on bottle between 4Service: waitstaff were attentive, friendly, and made good recommendations Sashimi highlights: remari style shrimp, bluefin fatty tuna, Hokkaido uni (supplement to the omakase)++duck dumpling soupGive it a try , you won't regret it
This is my first yelp review and I think that says a lot about my experience. I have been to many of the "best" sushi restaurants in san francisco and was very excited to try Kusakabe after hearing rave reviews both on yelp and for the 1 Michelin star they received. SERVICE: We arrived 5 minutes early for our 8pm reservation and were told it would be another 10-15 minute wait, which we were fine with. They asked me to leave a cell phone number and suggested we get a drink nearby. We got a drink nearby and at 8:30pm had still not received a call so we walked back over. We were seated right away which was strange, especially since 10 minutes after we were seated they called my cell phone to seat us - clearly they didn't even know we had already been seated. We then asked the waitress for her hot sake recommendation. After a brief discussion, we chose a sake and then soon after a cold sake was brought to our table. At this point we were too exasperated to complain and just went with the flow and drank up. Sake was very good...cold or hot...but again not what we wanted.FOOD: The fish is certainly high quality and you get what you pay for. The toro and king crab were the highlights but were unfortunately not enough to offset the poor initial service or impress. Overall compared to some of the higher end sushi bars in sf (akiko, ichi, ozumo) I was far from impressed in terms of the flavor, creativity, and tastiness of the fish. Unlike many yelpers I don't knock off stars because the sushi bar down the street is cheaper. Even for a elite level of sushi, the restaurants in a comparable category blow it away. ATMOSPHERE: Restaurant is beautiful. All the staff were friendly and welcoming. TLDR: High qualily fish but lacking in creativity and flavor. For the same amount of money you could have a much more delicious and filling meal at other high end sushi bars. Again, this review is not complaining about price, as I don't mid paying a lot of great sushi. I had high expectations but it grossly under delivered. As I said I have never written a yelp review but was so underwhelmed I thought it was necessary.Edit: The manager reached out to me and apologized for the wait. Changing my initial review up a star because I think 1 was a bit too harsh. I will say the staff were all very friendly and nice.
What not to love about this place. My first Omakase experience and it's life changing.  Sitting at the bar sure enhanced the journey.  We ate with our hands as chef recommended. We would never see fish in the same light after experienced the art that was presented.  Every bite was perfect, every bite was delectable. Chef Ken was very charming, he tried to see what we normally like to eat so he can chose the perfect fish for our taste. We did order a few extra a la cart after the Omasake menu, the deep ocean Hokaido Uni was so light, sweet and delicate like custard. The squid was so tender too.I like that we got some warm dishes in the mix as well as scallops and Tuna sashimi as fresh as fresh can be.The fresh wasabi and yuzu was oh so perfect for the perfectly curated fish. From the wild king salmon, to baracuda, to Toro and A5 beef, there is nothing not to love.Matter of fact I am so ready to come back again for more. Is it pricey? Yes! but I can assure you that it's worth every bite.The only way to eat sushi for me now, Omasake indeed! Arigato Kusakabe for a wonderful experience!
I was soooo disappointed by Kusakabe... I thought it was going to be an out-of-this-world experience given the reputation. The sushi we got was quite good, but nothing that made us crave another piece. The appetizers and sashimi sampler were typical Michelin star style - teeny portions and pretty unimpressive. The omakase menu in total left us both still very hungry, which is horribly disappointing when you're paying $95/person. With all of that said, the sushi is very good quality, it's just did not live up to the hype or my expectations.
I think their sushi was good.I had sushi at Masa in NY where costs $450 per person. Yes, one more time, $450 per person. Without any drinks.Compare to that experience, Kusakabe is way more reasonable and well worth.And their quality is very good :-)Maybe the server should have been more professional (the man at the door was very polite and professional though!) if they want to call themselves a very high end fancy sushi restaurant.Don't you speak to your customer in too casual manner just because I'm way younger than you are. But in short, I definitely come back and recommend to anybody who wants to experience good sushi. Thanks!
Perfect. And an amazing experience for only $95. I'll definitely be back every time I'm in San Francisco.We sat at the sushi bar to watch all the action. Chef Kusakabe executed dinner with such attention to detail. He was friendly and talked to his guests. We felt so welcome!The rest of the staff was just as great. Our servers were so sweet and incredibly helpful about sake recommendations. They continually checked on us to make sure we were enjoying everything (and we were).The food was worth every penny. The fish was so fresh, and each piece of nigiri had a unique flavor. The non-nigiri dishes were fantastic as well -- miso soup with duck meatballs, assorted sashimi, and wagyu beef, among a few others.I let them know it was my birthday when I made my reservation, and they did the whole happy birthday she-bang with soy milk ice cream. It was the cherry on top of a great meal.Don't even think about it. Just make reservations and go, before it becomes impossible to get a table.
Fantastic. Best sushi in the bay area along with sushi ranThe toro nigiri, the wagyu beef nigiri, all of the sashimi and the creme brulee were just amazing
Loved our experience at Kusakabe!Not going to lie, I'm a massive sushi snob. I've been horribly disappointed by 4-star sushi places in SF. For reference, my go-to is Sushi Yasuda in NYC. Yes, $95/head is pricy. More if you get drinks and additional nigiri. But I think it's reasonable given what you get. We had uni, a few courses of toro, wagyu beef, etc. in our omakase.We loved sitting at the sushi bar and seeing the Chef put everything together. Definitely authentic kaiseki experience with top notch, attentive service. Won't go into the details as others Yelpers with probably more refined palettes have given their in-depth opinions. Just know the sushi is here is up to par with the top-notch places in NYC.Next stop is Maruya!
This is my favorite sushi restaurant I've ever been to. In my opinion, nothing else comes close here in the Bay Area. The staff is very nice and accommodating. The omakase menu is amazing and if you are hungry at the end, they also offer a Ala Carte menu. Overall one of my favorite restaurants and if you are into sushi, this is restaurant is a must!
Whoa. Friday was the second time I've eaten at Kusakabe and they absolutely deserve the 2-star Michelin rating. Everything was exceptional, from food to service to ambiance. The one challenge is locking down a reservation. I booked almost a month in advance and while totally worth it, there are some really excellent underground Japanese-style supperclubs in the city that can be booked week of. I recently dined at FishinKitchen and though the quality of fish, flavor, and presentation was comparable!
I'm with the other reviewers, this place is ridiculously expensive. And, yes, I did leave hungry. Though the food I did enjoy was fantastically fresh, crisp and delicious. Price is one thing, but my main gripe was service, and the service was appalling for a $600 meal for 4 people. I had to literally wave down someone to order more sake after my small tasting cup was dry 15 minutes. Seems the restaurants only mission was to get those 9 plates out on time, and not thinking about the entire dining experience.Oh and it seems difficult to get a reservation, but 2 of 6 tables remained empty from 7 til 10 and the sushi bar was mostly full.
OM MMMMMMMMMM! (my expression from beginning to end). Definitely one of the best Kaiseki style I've had. Beware that It is easy to walk out this restaurant paying $200+ per person and you probably won't even feel full. Can't wait to be back again next time with sake pairing.
Looking back on it, we should have left after the server coughed on each our monkfish courses before setting them down. We were having a good time, though, and the omakase was only half done. Now, the next morning, two out of three of us have woken up with headaches and sore throats.The quality of ingredients is very good. The setting is beautiful. The service is friendly. But a sick worker should be sent home to recuperate.
Outstanding omakase. Traditional Japanese decor, minimal decor, impeccable service ... And the food is just amazing. The fish is incredibly fresh, vibrant in color and handled obviously with the but most attention to simply melt in your mouth. The sushi itamae are very nice, quiet yet personable. They didn't turn away when I reluctantly divulged my both egg and cows milk allergy and patiently described how we should avoid chopsticks and eat the way we are intended to eat sushi -- with our hands + in one bite. No wasabi or soy sauce served here. Each piece is delicately prepared with each flavorful note in mind. All you have to do is sit up straight, drink sake and extend your arm forward to grab your piece of art. 10 or so courses including a most memorable truffle duck miso and cherry leaf salmon sushi. Wow and wow. Go now ... No phones on the table ... Keep your conversation low ... And thank your itamae profusely. Make your next reservation prior to leaving to ensure they best remember your beautiful appreciation and tip. Enjoy! //foodpaparazzi.com
Thank you for the delicious food. I don't know how to describe how good is it but it is really very super good and tasty !!! I'm
Top-shelf, expertly prepared sushi. There's no question that Kusakabe is an excellent sushi restaurant and a major addition to the SF sushi scene. They use only the finest ingredients and, as a result of this and their FiDi location, charge a premium price. Kusakabe is omakase-only with a set price of $95/person before tax, tip and drinks. There is also  la carte sushi in the $9-$12 per piece range if you have a hankering for more. Expect to spend at least $150/person even if you don't order an expensive bottle of sake (of which they offer many). All that being said, if you can afford it and you love sushi, you would be doing yourself a disservice not to experience this place at least once.
The sushi was really good, the best in the bay area that I've tried. It reminded me of sushi from Sushi Nakasawa in NYC. I especially loved the seared ones and the toro which is so fatty it melts in your mouth. The other omakase dishes like the hot food and sashimi were only average. After the omasake, we were not too full so we ordered an additional tuna hand roll which was pretty good and filling. The omakase was $95 each, the additional tuna roll was $9.50 each. Overall, it was a good experience and definitely worth checking out.
Best sushi in the Bay Area.My wife is a big fan of Sushi, while I tolerate it. However, I have to admit that Kusakabe is Amazing! Fixed course meal which cost about $125 per person. Not bad for a Michelin star (and much cheaper than comparable sushi in Japan, HK or Singapore). The final item on the menu was the Toro or Wagyu. My wife picked the Toro and I picked the Wagyu, and we both loved it! So much, we got another piece. If you like sushi, I'd recommend going with the Toro to wrap up an excellent meal.
The single Omakase option keeps things simple in terms of ordering but be ready for an adventure. The menu features 10+ items in bite size portions to allow you to sample a bit of everything from nigiri to consomme with luxurious proteins including Waygu and Toro. It takes a couple hours to enjoy but it is a unique, yet simple, experience. Although nothing was mind blowing amazing, the freshness and care shows in the quality of the food they serve.
Overall experience are not bad but I expected more exotic fish from Japan.  Cost about $200/pp with drinks. I am very satisfied with the amount of food included on the omakase menu, but I feel like the chef repeated use of tuna is a bit boring. No doubt its high quality fish and it is prep in the authentic way. I will recommend for others to try. However I won't come back until their menu change to more variety. ( Even their a la carte menu was not too exciting).
weekday sushi bar dinner reservations...every seat filled...three chefs behind the counter...starting with sake and beers...jokigen euphoria junmai ginjo $76 per bottle...server overfilling a glass inside a small bowl...dripping over the rim and to the bowl...sweet, tangy, fruity and slight milky sake flavors...iwate kura bakushu oyster stout tasting...strong deep black chocolate stout with slight oyster sauce finish...order of omakase (chef's choice) $95 per person before tax..starting seared belly excellent...sushi brushed and topped tasty...sashimi with sesame onion sauce good...split prawn miso soup bit cumbersome to eat...shell, legs and head intact...going off menu and letting the chef work...simple sushi with small twists....sushi with roe....uni and ikura....salmon with citrus...sprinkling of salt...$236 total per person omakase plus extra with heavy drinking
pretty much my top favorite restaurant at the moment, deserves its star. current omakase 1-2 hrs, sushi in kaiseki style.welcoming tea: konbu cha, more salty an savory like a soupsushi prelude: zuke chutoro, lightly seared, cured in soy, perfect, followed by hirame with shiso and bonito. excellent rice--vinegar, temperature, texture, grain size and stickiness, ratio rice/fish etc--also knife work, fish freshness, grated wasabi, etc. very satisfyingchef's sashimi (salmon and scallop) nestled in shaved ice with fresh wasabi & yuzu onion sauce (excellent)agedashi style tai shinjo with japanese eggplant & shungiku sprout -- tasty flavor profile, like a shrimp ball with corn, dressed perfectly in brothhassun course with 5 great artistic platings. shigoku oyster with French Daurenki Caviar & four kinds of Chef's assorted Le petite plates. mainstream flavors aimed to please. tuna box oshi sushi. crab claw with puffed rice cracker.warm dish with fresh yuba wrapped analog & foie gras Toji Mushi with dashi gravy sauce and summer truffle -- awesome. pasta like texture with a harmonious blend of flavor and light on foie.3 nigiri with samekawa karei: shark skin flounder with seared fin, shima aji belly, and sujiko -- perfectly cured. finale with toro. a la carte has great selection including 3 types of uni with Kaisui deep ocean Hokkaido vs. Bafun short spine Hokkaido and Suiro long spine white. will be back again.
So fresh and delicious. The best sushi I have ever had! Our service was impeccable from start to finish! Pairing wine with sushi and Japanese cuisine is always difficult, so the server's knowledge of the flavor profiles was spot on with every recommendation. We had the tasting menu and sat at the bar for the full experience. Once you eat here, any other sushi place will feel like gas station sushi. Worth the money!
So having to do Omakase first before doing a la carte didn't stop me from coming back. I came back three more times and enjoyed myself immensely each time. Service was good and the talented Chef Ken is always fun to chat with. Looking forward to coming back again.
Well, it was time for Mr. J and I to finally pay our visit to Kusakabe. After a somewhat disasterous dinner at Pabu the night before, our fingers were crossed as we head to Kusakabe.We had the earliest reservation at 5 pm and we were the only ones there. So, we had Nori-san's full attention for about 30 minutes until others starting to arrive. I didn't really care about the kelp tea as many others did. Just by looking at the rice, I already know it's not the kind I like. I think it's the type of rice he uses. Maybe we were there too early, the rice was still a bit warm when served. I feel the sushi had too many accoutrements on them. A dash of this and a sprinkle of that. Some were overpowering the taste of the fish. The duck dumpling miso soup was good. But, the bowl was really shallow and you can't tell by looking at it. I did not like the crispy rice cracker tofu. It was oily. And, once you pour the konbu dashi broth over, it made it soggy as well. For the sushi finale, you get to pick between toro or grade A5 wagyu. We wanted them both so it's an add-on. We also each added the $14 a piece kaisui uni. The uni was divine! The ingredients they use are definitely top notch. But, you get what you pay for, right!? Not sure why the dessert is not included with the omakase. Anyway, dessert is not their forte. The top of their maccha creme brulee was not even caramelized hard enough like it should be. Boo, creme brulee is one of my favorite dessert.Overall, it was an ok experience. I feel the dining atmosphere was a little intense and stuck-up. I think Mr. J and I still favor traditional sushi over contemporary sushi.
So exquisite. My girlfriends and I came here and were blown away by every piece of sushi that came onto our plates. The sushi chef is from the famous Sausalito Sushi Ran, and it was clear that the freshness of his products was his #1 priority. This Omakase experience was definitely one of my top 3 experiences, and the $99 menu is definitely worth every penny. I also really loved the wagyu beef. Keep in mind that you must order the Omakase menu in order to order a la carte as this may not be clear to everyone when they sit down.
Is the new trend Omakase? Did Jiro (from the movie, Jiro, Sushi of Dreams) influence more and more restaurants to do Omakase? I don't know but it does seem that there are more and more Japanese restaurants that only do Omakase or offer it. Having read about the new Japanese restaurants and in particular quality Japanese restaurants in San Francisco, my wife and I chose Kusakabe because the price seems to be the most reasonable (Omakase wise at least) and we know of the chef's pedigree (Sushi Ran). The restaurant which is situated right across from Transamerica building offers mostly counter seating and I would recommend counter seating as the chef will drop off sushi piece by piece to you. It has a very clean feel(good since it's sushi) that has a LA vibe(lounge music going on in the background with intimate lighting).To start off with they offer you a piece of toro and man was it beautifully put together. Then it was followed by a couple pieces of sushi. What did I have? I can't remember but the key here is to offer you piece by piece so you enjoy it by itself. And no, you there's no soy sauce given, they flavor the sushi themselves meaning they may sear it, they may add a bit of soy, they may add shiso leaf or a piece of liver to enhance the flavor but only one dish, our sashimi course which was really fresh came with mirin. All the nigiri were delicious and fresh. There was one course which came with five bites which included an oyster with caviar and yuzu, egg white with eel, and crab meat with rice. The course was beautifully presented and had lot of unique flavors.Alright now the hot food I thought was a bit lacking. The duck meatball miso soup. The duck meatballs were pretty average. There was another fried wagyu meatball and I couldn't taste any wagyu beef in there so that was a bit disappointing.Service was pretty good although the counter is kind of tight and hard for the server to get in and out to clear your plates. I appreciate the tiny towel they gave for our fingers (keeping it clean to pick the sushi up). It was also my wife's birthday and when we ordered dessert, they remembered and brought out the candle and sang happy birthday which was nice.For $95, the type of food, the quality of food and the service is a good deal however if you're a big eater you won't be full. You will need to order a la carte and that's where it can get even more expensive. For example uni (regular one) is $8.50 for one piece and toro is $12 for one piece. If you order a few more pieces, that can easily add up. I would also like to see more explanation into some of the food such as the five bites, it would have been more interesting if they said eat this first, this second, third, fourth and fifth to really enhance the flavors and etc. Overall my wife and I both liked the place and I would say it's better than Sushi Ran. We definitely will come back and hopefully the sushi will just be as good.
2 thoughts:* Outstanding* Bring your wallet
Best omakase I've had in SF! Everything is so fresh and the setting is very intimate :) The chef was very attentive and will customize the last 3 pieces of the course to your taste. Tip would be to ask for items not covered in the menu that day.
My husband and I came here for our wedding anniversary dinner. This is the best sushi place in the Bay Area! Omakase was amazing and the selections of a la carte sushi menus is beyond my expectation! I have never had Ayu (sweetfish) nigiri in Japan and I was able to have it at kusakabe. I will definitely go back here again!
one of the best sushi experiences i've ever had.the menu is omakase ($95) followed by optional a la carte orders.the omakase, which consists of raw and cooked seasonal items, was delightful.some tips for myself when i go back next time:fresh grilled eel sushi, never frozen. the best bite of eel i've ever hadthe squid was very tender but i think i still prefer fish, unless of course they have miragai next time.. mmmmmmmmi forgot to try the egg sushi this time, will definitely have to try it next timePS chef Nori is awesome.
Dare I say that this is currently my new favorite sushi spot? I think so!!I was fortunate enough to come here when my bf took me for my birthday a few weeks ago. In my opinion this place exceeded my expectations because they serve a very refined kaiseki styled omakase without the pretentiousness you find at most places. That in itself is hard to find these days. Both Kusakabe and Ngai were former chefs at Sushi Ran in Sausalito. They left sometime at the end of last year. Thankfully for all of us, Kusakabe opened his own spot and now runs it with Ngai. The quality of the fish is definitely comparable to that of Sushi Nakazawa in NY (Jiro's apprentice's new spot), but they have their own twist as well. I definitely think the sushi game has a tough competitor to beat. I wish I could come back every week!
Hands down this was the best service experience I have ever had! A little back story first. My boyfriend has been recently diagnosed with having a lot of food allergies. We're talking everything from eggs to gluten to onions, potatoes, plus many many more which makes eating out often very difficult for us. Sushi has been our go to thing since it avoids a lot of these things. A few days before our reservation, the restaurant called to confirm our reservation but also took the extra step to see if there were any food allergies. I gave them the extensive list and they read it back to me just to make sure that they had everything correct. Awesome service before we even walked through the door.Come the night of our reservation, we got there a little early so we sat down and I had a glass of wine while waiting or our seat at the counter. There isn't a lot of seating available which makes a much more intimate setting which was really nice. The place didn't get loud so you didn't have to shout over other people in order to have a conversation. When you sit down, they show you the menu of what you'll be eating that evening. Right off the bat I noticed a few things that my boyfriend wouldn't be able to eat and became a little nervous but really shouldn't have. They had it covered. The sushi chef had a printed out list of all of his allergies and let us know that for the menu items he couldn't have, they would create a new item for him. Talk about going above and beyond.To explain the level of customer service, I'll describe one situation. One dish was a tuna and scallop sashimi over crushed ice, a leaf (can't remember what it was) and this slice of Japanese tuber. Having no idea what tuber was, we were about to eat, when the chef informed us that tuber is in the potato family and insisted in completely remaking the dish even when we offered to just not eat the tuber. For other dishes where there was crab (which he also can't have) he would make a completely new dish for him. Sometimes I was jealous because his looked so good that I wanted to have it. On top of it, if you are gluten-free, they have gluten-free soy sauce!!Now on to the important stuff. The food. WOWZA! So good. So fresh and so fantastic. Everything that I had was amazingly delicious. The fish was so fresh that it literally melted in your mouth. You could be absolutely toothless and have no problem eating this sushi. What was incredible was the ingenuity that the chef has. This sushi has a modern twist on it which makes it so fantastic and unique. There was one dish that the chef described as a sushi taco. Rice cracker on the bottom, avocado rice and unagi. AMAZING. Every dish was unique in it's own way. There were some pieces that I wish I had more of. The truffle miso soup with mushrooms was such a delicious difference from your typical miso soup. I only wish that the bowl was bigger and had more soup because it was so good! I could go on and on about how good eat piece of sushi was but chances are you won't have what I had. But trust me when I say that you won't be disappointed.Now you should know that this place is not cheap, but it is really worth every penny. From the execution to the service, this place is 5 stars across the board. Every experience there will be unique. If you have food allergies or a specific diet, this is a great place to go to because they will go above and beyond to make sure that you have an incredible experience. Thank you so much Kusakabe for the amazing meal and for having such a wonderful wait staff. No other restaurant can compare to how well you treat your customers!
Just had a sushi experience unlike any and one every person should experience. No questions, just go here for dinner and be happy.
Best sushi in SF - and there are a lot of good places. Loved the omakase with the kombucha tea choice (no caffeine) and the sobacha tea at the end. The meal was perfect. Optional sushi to add at the end was amazing - fish we only see when we visit Japan.
The sushi was fresh and the Omasake menu was different but in a good way
I wish I can give it a 4.5. Stars!!The food was amazing hands down. I would give that 5 stars on it's own. The omakase had a wide range of fish that melts in your mouth. I love how the nigiri had the perfect amount of soy sauce and wasabe incorporated into it so you don't have to dip it yourself. I'm not a big fan of seared fish, but the couple dishes that were seared was seared at the right amount. Still very delicious.It was hard to be filled after the omakase so they give an a la carte menu to order more. We chose ankimo, which was alright. I feel I've had smoother ankimo elsewhere. The service on it's own was horrid. I don't remember my server's name ( in fact I don't remember her even giving one ) but she was not who I would expect to be serving at such a sushi place.I understand she needed to check ID because I look young for my age, but since checking she gave off the vibe we weren't worth her time. She didn't know the name of some sushi dishes and wasn't around enough that the other server had to attend to us.We told the venue multiple times that we didn't want to have anything seared, and the woman totally ignored it until half way through the dinner. And still we we're served seared food. Haha.  If I do come here again I would just appreciate a different server because trust me if you get her you don't get any reaction or commentary or input to what you get on your plate.
I dined at Kusakabe 1 week ago. And well let's just say I'm very surprised that they have or ever received a Michelin Star. Let's start with the not so great. Our waiter must have woken up on the wrong side of the bed that day, he was really abrupt with me, dismissive - all in all not the type of service i'd expect form a Michelin rated restaurant. The most annoying thing I found is that they had a very limited wine menu, 4-5 whites and the same for reds. We enquired about 2 of the red varietals, only to find out they had run out of those. 50% of their red wine list - Gone!? I don't like Pinot's so we were left to choose from their most expensive variety at the time a Barolo. Now I'm sorry, how do you have all of 10 wines on your wine list to manage and run out of 50% of your reds? That's just plain... well, I don't even had a word to describe. And every time I quizzed the waiter about it, he rudely brushed me off. Didn't even have a logical (if there even is one) explanation for it.The next example of rudeness we encountered was the same (having a bad day waiter) dropped a wine glass near my table while I was in the restroom. When I returned I was looking for my napkin and my friends told me the waiter used it to clean up the broken glass. When I asked for a replacement he tossed one into my lap. Food: Yeah it was really good, I'll give them that much - not the best i've ever had.... but really good! Unfortunately it comes part and parcel with me and they really let us down on all the other important stakes I judge a restaurant by.
I have been to Kusakabe few months ago with my wife and son. My son is only 5 and previously the restaurant allowed him to bring in his own sandwich while my wife and I enjoyed our sushi. Our son stayed quiet throughout the meal and behaved extremely well. It was a good experience with the food and staff so we decided to come back right after New Years. We made reservations almost 2 months ahead to plan for our New Year Dinner. The day before our reservation date, the restaurant called and told us they have issues with children. The mgr told us that the walkways are narrow and that there maybe be hot soup that could burn kids. We told him our son behaved previously and sat in his seat the whole time without moving around. The truth then comes out from the mgr telling me that I have to buy an omakase menu for my 5 yr old son because he is occupying a seat, not because of concerns of narrow walkway or hot soup! A little irritated at this point, I told the mgr it's no problem and i will pay the $300+ amount of sushi for myself and my wife while my son cannot eat raw seafood and will just bring his own small sandwich. The extra $100+ will go into drinks as well as the ala carte sushi after the omakase. In fact, I offered to pay the entire amount upfront on the phone. Nope, not good enough with this restaurant.....they want to instead make some simple roll (no raw ingredients) for my son and charge him the $95 omakase price. This is the most absurd thing I have ever heard trying to extort $ out of a toddler even though we offer to pay the entire $300+ up front. My son has been to Benu, Coi and even French Laundry without being treated like this.I was so fed up, I decided to just cancel the reservation for next day. The mgr has the balls to ask me to reschedule due to this cancellation. Needless to say, they lost me as a customer for good. I will instead enjoy my New Years dinner with my wife and son at Akiko's instead, which incidentally has no issues with my toddler son.
This was hands down one of the best meals I've ever had in my life. I could give you a rundown on everything we had on the omakase menu, but that's like spoiling the ending to a Oscar winning movie. To really appreciate the whole experience, I highly recommend tasting everything yourself! The service, execution of the dishes and hospitality of the chefs were exceptional. If I were uber rich and could afford to eat dinner there every night, I would.. Until I am, one day. I'll have to settle with the memory of one truly inspirational dinner.
If Akiko was to open a more refined restaurant, this would be it. It's a modern twist on traditional Japanese dining. They won't yell at you for using too much soy sauce or playing with your phone like some restaurants like Yume and Ino. Trust me, every now and then, I don't mind getting yelled at. If you can teach me a way where I can enhance my dining experience, I'm all for it. They recommend using your fingers to eat so they do have a wet cloth for you to wipe your fingers after each piece of sushi.Omakase. So, yeah.........prefix set with an option to order more at the end. Stick with the chotoro, ocean trout, and the salmon...........it's gud. I wasn't too fond on the duck dumpling and was underwhelmed with the A5 at the end, it just didn't melt in your mouth. Every now and then, it's great to not go to a restaurant with so many different types of rolls. It's all about the fish here so I didn't have my California roll. Damn it!!!Since they are fairly new, I would give them another week before they perfect their art. Easily a 5 star caliber restaurant, just not yet. I will definitely come back. So, for you sushi snobs out there, there's a new playa in town!!!
Amazing night.Best scallop sashimi I ever tasted. Wagyu beef was amazing. Everything else was super delicious!Our waitress Hiromi (not sure how to spell it correctly) was amazing - super kind and we got to know each other :DDefinitely coming back for more.
I was a bit leary about going to this place just because I knew it would be expensive, but DAMN, it was the best sushi I've ever eaten outside of Japan. Everything was extremely fresh and the owner was very nice. The fatty tuna and the beef were the highlight of the meal, but everything in between was also GREAT. Can't wait for another special reason to eat here again!!!!
It was our first married date and I was really looking forward to it after reading it in the papers. The environment was quiet and intimate. We sat at the bar and was just mesmerized by the chef working in the open kitchen slicing sushi and prepping the plates so beautifully. It was really an art and how they were so disciplined to keep their area clean. We were lucky to sit at Kusakabe's seats. Each dish in the omakase was phenomenal and an eye opener starting with the salty kelp tea and tuna sushi to the deep ocean uni. When you sit at the bar, you can pick up the sushi with your hands which totally reminded me of a place in tsukiji market. The chefs are at a personal level and the offer so much fresh fish on the omakase. The wait staff and chef will talk to you asking what kind of fish you like - they later use this to build your seasonal fish dishes. You can order more sushi; although we were filling up I really wanted to try the uni. They offer 3 types and after talking to the chef, we went for the deep ocean one. It just melts in your mouth with a sweet after taste. I haven't had sushi like that since Japan.
Came here around the time when the restaurant first opened. Great ambience, attentive service (waitress who was extremely knowledgeable about different well-acclaimed sushi restaurants in Japan.. also gave us great recommendation for sake).Food was FANTASTIC!! Soo fresh that each bite of the fish melted in your mouth. The Wagyu was to die for. The Omakase menu was delish but be prepared to order dishes off the a la carte because you won't be full... Overall a wonderful experience. Will definitely go back again!
Parking wasn't too bad, excellent service, high quality sushi.This is a kaiseki style meal ($95 pp) with option to add a la carte sushi at the end. Everything I had here was very good and there were a few cuts of fish I've never had before. Only complaint was that it wasn't super filling and if I hadn't added ankimo and toro at the end I probably would have been hungry again shortly after our dinner.Try to get a seat at the sushi bar - watching the chef cut fish was mesmerizing.
Incredible experience. Absolutely wonderful. I sat across from Chef Kusakabe who explained each dish as it was being served. But aside from the atmosphere and experience - the food - holy cow the food. It was incredible and you could see the pains they take for quality (I watched them assembling some dishes with tweezers!). 5 stars. Would give it 6 if I could.
Outstanding! This is a real culinary experience. First the food; innovative, fresh, flavorful, and perfectly executed. Second the decor/service; casually elegant room and sushi bar, with gracious, unobtrusive service. Excellent wine and sake list. Chef K. and his staff are deserving of the Michelin star award! My new favorite restaurant in the Bay Area. Check it out!
It is a tough choice Kusakabe VS MaruyaFood wise, I give Kusakabe an inch higher. Not as good as Masa in New York (but that is USD 450 per course) but both places have food comparable to good sushi places in Tokyo where i spent many years living, working and entertaining clients. Would they get a Michelin Star if they were in Tokyo?--probably not. But I am so glad these sushis are available in SF, finally. I think they both need to improve on the service. I saw food hanging at Maruya's counter, waiting too long to get to the tables (luckily we sat at the counter).  At Kusakabe, staff introduced the food wrong--heirloom tomato, we were told, but the dish was persimmon. And worse, plates were put mistakenly in front of us during the Omakase course which has never happened in any good restaurants in Japan. Sake recommendation at Kusakabe is always very good.
An amazing omakase experience for $95. Situated across from the Trans America building, Kusakabe is a relatively quaint spot with some amazing food. Plating and timing were well thought out. Throughout our meal, we were never left thinking "Where's our food?" Not once did we feel overwhelmed. The food was spaced out enough for you to enjoy each section of the omakase.  The sushi dishes were FRESH. The A5 Wagyu was seared to perfection. My guess is Kusabake will have a Michelin Star within 2 years.
This place is great - from service to food - impeccable. This place wins for me for best Sushi in SF. Its served Omakase style only, then if you are still hungry you can order a la carte after.Chef Kusakabe was behind the counter creating fantastic courses and serving them with full description. The staff is very friendly and attentive - they keep the sake glass full to the brim!The atmosphere is pretty modern and very clean. I would recommend to sit at the bar if you make a request on your reservation.If you don't get it as part of your omakase, try the Uni they have its delicious and have it from several locations (US and Japan).
My boyfriend and I are always on the lookout for great sushi places in the Bay Area so when I saw that this was relatively new but had great reviews, I checked it out and RSVP'd with some reluctance. However, we were both very surprised and excited with the food and the amazing service. You'll definitely get a full meal here with the omakase menu. If you count up how many pieces of sushi you'll get plus all the extra little dishes, you'll leave happy (and with a bit of a food coma). Be prepared to indulge, but for the price you pay, you do get really good quality food you probably won't find anywhere else (like wagyu beef! Yum!). Come here for special occasions and request sitting at the bar. Watching the chefs work their magic is lots of fun!
If your New Years resolution is to eat more mind-blowing sushi, go to Kusakabe.The sushi is great. I've admittedly not been to Japan, but have had a lot of good sushi in the US and abroad and this has been one of the best places so far. I really enjoyed the braised octopus, the bluefin fatty tuna, the stripe jack, the fish marrow, and the scallop.In addition to the food itself, I liked the Omakase style (set tasting menu selected by the chef) and it was fun to try each new piece along with everyone at the sushi bar.The service was excellent and we enjoyed talking to the guys behind the bar, who clearly knew what they were doing and were having a lot of fun doing it. The general feel of the place was very unpretentious as well.Enjoy and definitely request to sit at the bar if you can!
Kusakabe ranks in our top three sushi restaurants, a really fun, interesting, and delicious experience. They really coax the flavors out of the fish and handle everything with extreme precision and care and in unique ways you don't really see anywhere else. Some of the non-sushi dishes weren't quite as good as the sushi, but were still quite good. The funnest part is when the omakase ends and you can just go hog wild on the a la carte menu. Sure, it's like 12 dollars per piece, but you're already here, you may as well try everything! Delicious.
Came here after Maruya and Wako. If to rank the three, i will give make it Wako, Maruya, Kusakabe. It's not to say this place is not good. It deserve the Michelin 1 star rating. Great decoration and nice food. The menu is more like a Kaiseki style than Sushi nigiri style. For 95 fixed menu, only 7 pieces of sushi and portions are small compare to Wako and Maruya. But fish are very good quality and we ordered several additional pieces afterwards. the Hokkaido Uni is amazing. However, I have to say, the other small plates are disappointing. Considering the price, I would rank it the last of three newly opened sushi place in SF city.
Very tasty and straight to the taste buds. It was worth the time to get a reservation to this unique and up and coming sushi prefix establishment. Make sure you bring enough cash as you will be enticed to follow through afterwards with the A la Carte menu.....
It's truly been awhile since I felt all giddy at a restaurant. And I blame Yelp; the reviews were written so well that my expectations were naturally up there for Kusakabe. Let's start:Reservations is almost a must due to limited number of seating and they'll ask for a credit card to book.What to order? No need to pull your hair out, it's as prix fixe menu (Omakase); well thought and planned out for you (so thoughtful that they have a little wet cloth for you to wipe your fingers). All you need to do is to let them know if you have any food allergies or any dislikes. Then it's pretty much "itataki mas!"I'm not going to list out what was on the menu (It prob changes from time to time anywas), but I'll share my favorites: Hotate on ice - Genius! I don't know if it's the ice/temperature, but the hotate tasted extra sweet and refreshing.Agedashi tofu - I'm usually not a fan of agedashi tofu, or tofu in general but omg, for some reason, I really enjoyed this dish. It was crispier than the typical agedashi tofu you have at other restaurants. Assorted Nigiri - fresh and amazeballI first heard of Kusakabe from a friend, Geoffrey who is a sushi chef at Akikos (talented guy btw). And I agree with one of the fellow yelpers, Kusakabe reminds me of Yume. Kusakabe offers more ambiance and creativity in food, and I appreciate that. But if I have to leave a note on things to improve, it would be the A5 wagyu nigiri. It was a bit slimy to the tongue, didn't quite impress me. But none the less, I walked out very much satisfy. I think I have a new favorite! Kusakabe, I'm in love with you and you shall be my 100th review!! whoo hoo!!
The tasting menu was quite interesting, but I was certainly not full by the end of it. Luckily, they provide you with a menu for additional a la carte items afterward.Some items were hits, others were total misses, but overall it was a delicious meal.
Well-deserving of its star. I've tried just about every top-tier sushi location in SF, and Kusakabe is easily top #3.
I definitely felt fireworks at Kusakabe. There were a lot of memorable bites, however, I felt that it was very overpriced compared to sushi in LA and NYC.The presentation, customer service, and overall ambiance is very upscale and on point. I was never left with an empty glass of wine, they cleaned up and presented each following dish beautifully, and the waitress and chef explained each piece of sushi before eating.Overall, I did enjoy our dinner at Kusakabe, but there were a few disappointments. The set menu was about 12 dishes. Two of the 12 were annoyingly anticlimactic. One was a kelp tea, or basically warm sea water in my opinion. Another was tomato three ways (poached, sorbet, dried), which was actually tasty but should not be considered a DISH. So for $95+tax and tip, you're eating 10 pieces of delicious nigiri, something you could do for less than half the price at Maruya in the Mission.Our meal was not filling either. We ordered 3 additional items which racked up the bill quite a bit. Be prepared to pay something closer to $160 a person. The uni was nothing special, which was a great disappointment.Even so, Kusakabe is actually one of the best sushi spots I've tried in SF... Don't get me wrong, I'm all for upscale cuisine. But there's a fine line between upscale and overpriced.
What can I say? I've tried many places and this one is one of the best out there! Very friendly staff, conversome sushi chefs and friendly atmosphere!
Just an amazing overall experience! I took my bf for his birthday and he was super impressed by the service, food, and ambiance. We usually travel to Japan once a year. So we are bias for excellent sushi, sashimi, and all things Japanese food. I'm pleased to announce that this place is legit. It felt like we were back in a Japan eating out. I definitely recommend this place if you like to experience a great Omakase!
A high end, authentic sushi place in the FiDi is so dangerous to my wallet..- The chef formerly worked at Sushi Ran in Sausalito. If that doesn't speak volumes then you don't understand good sushi.- The fish is purchased daily so it's always fresh.- $95/pp for omakase. It's amazingly delicious but I wasn't full after the meal. A la carte menu is given to the customers who wish to order more (I got three more orders). - Matcha creme brle finished off the meal perfectly.Overall, it's on par with Maruya and Yume. Although I would say Yume is a little more affordable. Will be coming back very soon.
I would've given Kusa a 5-star if only they are more flexible w their reservation system.I had requested to have a regular weekly reservation here w the seating host, but the guy just won't budge. Fortunately, the last 2 months we have been able to get a spot at least once a week...but now it's all booked out until end of Oct-Nov (unless you come in at 5pm), which is frustrating.They need to be able to offer some flexibility for regulars...other than that, the sushi is consistent and always stellar. And they let me bring my own Hitachino Red Rice beer =)
Deliciousness. Giving this one a 4 star rating because I had requested the bar and they said it was not available when I arrived. This was not told to me at the beginning upon confirmation of my reservation, so you can understand the surprise. After debating, the manager said we can come back, so we decided to grab some drinks then come back. Overall service is great, and while they worked to accommodate they should've told us of the surprise in advance.
Just as amazing as we had expected. We were at a table, but will definitely request to be at the bar next time to actually see the sushi being prepared. Our waitress was incredibly polite. What is extra nice is that even though it is an omakase menu we were asked at the beginning if there were any types of food we didn't like, such that these parts could be substituted (my fianc doesn't like raw oysters so they substituted in I think some sort of Ankimo instead-- he was missing out the oyster was amazing.)Definitely choose the toro at the end: its to die for!
I'm so glad I caught this on 7x7 the other day and snagged a reservation with friends before this place blows up. This place WILL blow up. Akikos, shots fired.Chef Kusakabe and his team put together a great menu. Each of the pieces of sashimi and sushi were just right. Hands down I loved the baby snapper and the toro at the end was the perfect way to finish he meal. He and his team put the right balance of citrus and soy sauce so the pieces were complete. Loved the use of yuzu on some pieces.The tofu ice cream was good, mild but flavorful enough to taste the tofu flavor. Combined with the wafer, it was the perfect ice cream sandwich. I also had a chance to get a taste of the matcha creme brle, and it was delicious. Not too sweet and full green tea flavored goodness.Needless to say, I will be back again, but I hope it doesn't get too hard to snag a reservation because it was pretty darn good.
This was easily the best Nigiri I've ever had. Shin was our chef and he was phenomenal. We sat at the sushi bar and were intrigued by the detail and originality that went into each piece. The meal was kaiseki style -- we had the tasting menu (and I ordered extra pieces of the zuke chotoro-- easily my favorite). The wagyu beef was also to die for. This was one of the best meals of my life.
Kusakabe just opened 5 or 6 months ago, and they already got a Michelin star! It's located in a quieter part of the financial district, so it's actually pretty easy to park there at night. It's a small space, so you need a reservation (via Open Table only, nothing by phone), and the prime seats are definitely along the sushi bar.Sake is served as a 3 oz, 6 oz, or a full bottle. The menu has good descriptions, so it's helpful for someone like me who doesn't know much about sake, and the server was able to help guide us, too. We ended up with 3 types, all of which went really well with the foodIt's a kaiseki style meal with the option of adding on a la carte options at the end.- Konbu cha: a kelp "tea," which was a warm, very clean, savory way to start the meal- Zuke chutoro: lightly torched bluefin fatty tuna with their house cured soy sauce. - Hirame: Ikejime halibut topped with its own liver- Tuna with bonito: the bonito flavor was so good on this one, and we tried to order more a la carte at the end, but they had sold out- Sashimi on shaved ice: bluefin tuna and Hokkaido scallops - the scallops were so fresh and sweet, and the tuna was beautifully red and smooth. It came with fresh wasabi, a yuzu onion sauce, and a light soy sauce- Italian black truffle miso soup: the truffle was pretty much overpowered by the miso. I also tried the alternative, which was a duck meatball version, and this one had more umami flavor (maybe due to the fat?). Definitely get the duck version- Oyster with French Daurenki caviar: the oyster was a good texture, and the yuzu mignonette was really good, but it made it hard to taste the caviar. It was accompanied by 4 plates: (1) heirloom tomato salad with tentacles - very light, fresh, good way to start, (2) red crab on pressed rice, (3) house cured wild salmon roe on pressed rice - I loved the roe and ordered more later (4) unagi almond - the unagi was interesting because it was an egg white tomato wrapped around unagi, so it's less traditional, but the unagi sauce was kind of overpowering.- Wagyu and matsutake croquette: a starchy potato croquette coated with puffed rice, which was super crispy, sitting in a gelatinous and very flavorful Konbu dashi. It was a great combination of flavors and textures- More sushi: (1) Tenjo buri: farm raised hamachi with sweet daikon, (2) Kamasu: baby barracuda with ginger - they use a special tiny barracuda, which was really unique, (3) Ivory king: white king salmon with shaved seaweed. I've never had white salmon like this before, and I loved it- A5 Miyazaki wagyu: lightly torched, topped with salt and pepper, melts in your mouthAdd-ons from the a la carte menu:- Gyoku: lobster omelet with organic egg - the tomago was kind of cakey in texture and too sweet, rolled around rice. I couldn't taste the lobster, and this one was probably the most disappointing of all the dishes- Sujiko: house cured salmon roe - the same as in the dish above, but the roe to rice ratio was much better. I really liked the flavor and the way it popped in my mouth, but some may think it tastes too much like soy sauce- Kisu: whiting cured with konbu and bonito - it was a nice savory flavor cured into the fish, but I didn't love it- Another one (not listed on the menu) like an amberjack- Kaisui uni: deep ocean Hokkaido sea urchin served in a spoonI thought each piece had just the right amount of wasabi and their house soy cure. I know some people prefer the fish more unadorned, but I personally really liked how they made everything. I ended up being super full but not uncomfortable because everything tasted very clean.Our chef was very engaging, and I loved watching him prepare everything in front of me and personally deliver each piece to me. He and chef Nori both came down from Sushi Ran and are there every single night that they're open.I left very happy. Talk about an amazing birthday dinner :)
Just excellent! I'll leave it the previous reviewers to give detailed descriptions on what to expect on the specifics of the meal and focus on what stood out for myself. The two of us shared 1 sushi chef (in addition to a waitress) with another couple for our entire meal. He was inviting and accommodating, yet not too intrusive. Although it is a Chef's Omakase menu, they do leave room for some accommodations. For example, I'm not a particular fan of tobiko or small fish, so our chef made some substitutions, which were equally impressive to my husband's dishes. I was also impressed with the pace of our meal, where at the end of our meal, we were satisfied; not too full and comfortable. Overall, the quality of fish and preparation was clean, fresh and spot on. Not a place for a large group, unless you book the entire restaurant but the perfect place for a special occasion or date night!
One of the best omikase dinners I've been to. Delicious food, down-to-earth chef/owner and overall vibe. Wonderful service. In NY, this would be 3x the price and still worth it.
I have been waiting to write this review until after I had the pleasure of dining at Masa, in New York. Masa (450$ per person for omakase-+150$pp for kobe supplement), is highly regarded as the best quality sushi and sushi experience in America. I have dined at Kusakabe 6 times now and I will continue to frequent this spot. Kusakabe is on the same level as Masa. Kusakabe blows all other SF sushi restaurants out of the water, including Akiko's and Maruya, by far. The experience that dining at Kusakabe delivers far surpasses all sushi experiences that I have had in the US, other than Masa, which is just as good. I will go as far as to say that Kusakabe is the French Laundry of Sushi.After returning from Japan, I have had a difficult time soothing my crave for the love of good sushi. In the Bay Area, it's almost appalling that we don't have great sushi bars, considering the large Japanese population. I had temporarily eased my fix at Sakae Sushi in San Mateo, but after discovering Kusakabe I can finally sleep peacefully at night knowing that quality sushi as great tasting and painstakingly prepared as I found in Japan, can also be found right here in San Francisco. It really is a dream come true, if you are a fellow sushi-lover and self-proclaimed sushi connoisseur, you will surely understand. Things that you need to understand before you dine here:1. True Kaiseki style (Omakase) means that the chef's have prepared a menu for the day, depending on availability of product, and season of fish/food. Adjustments are made accordingly to individual diners tastes. You will be asked at the start of the meal, "What is your favorite sushi?" 2.The menu differs from day to day, week to week, depending upon availability. You will trust in the sushi chef(either Mitsunori Kusakabe or Ken Ngai) to deliver a mind-blowing, taste-bud tingling experience to your body & soul for 95$ per person. 3.After you have enjoyed the set number of courses (about 10 filling courses), you may order nigiri/sashimi or hand rolls from the a la carte menu.4. Do not come here without a reservation, you won't be seated. Reservations are booked weeks in advance so I recommend scheduling them far apart and many in between. 5. This is not solely sushi, course items include a choice of soup( summer truffle, or duck dumpling, both miso based), wagyu beef, konbu cha (which is meant to be a palate cleanser ), as well as a small plate that varies with each visit. 6. Please note that a true omakase takes time, as each piece of sushi is delicately prepared to perfection in front of your eyes. Expect to dine for 2-3 hours and enjoy every minute of the experience.At just 95$ per person, some may see this as a deal, others as a special occasion splurge , either way, regardless of your budget, you are truly getting the finest fish and quality ingredients in the world at Kusakabe. You will leave feeling warm, fuzzy, satisfied and enlightened. I am an Uni fiend, so I love to try all of the uni types available on the a la carte menu. My favorite is the Bafun Uni, if you love uni, you will respect the way it is prepared at Kusakabe. I am hooked on the summer truffle miso soup, which I expect will soon disappear as we move on to winter truffle season. I am highly anticipated any new supplements to the menu as I know they will be just as delicious.I prefer the wagyu beef over the toro option at the end of the meal, but it's personal preference as both are wonderfully prepared. I love and seek out the highest quality beef in the world.All of the desserts are great, my favorite is the yuzu sorbet as it is so light and refreshing, yet packed with flavor.One of the greatest aspects of Kusakabe as an establishment is the impeccable regard for simplicity of design, which is, to me, the most challenging aspect of cuisine to master. Everything, down to the sushi bar itself, which is made from a singular piece of soft, bleached Japanese wood called hinoki, is meticulously thought out and strategically placed.I can only describe my experiences at Kusakabe as divine and addicting. I would recommend Kusakabe to all people with an open mind and appreciation for artistic cuisine and world-class food.
Squeezed my way in from the wait list in a Saturday night. The quality of the fish was a level beyond most other sushi places I've been to, and the preparation of each piece was deliciously balanced. The omakase provided a great start, but I could not help ordering more afterwards - not because I was still hungry, but because it was so irresistible. The kaiseki-style service was perfectly paced and felt luxurious and leisurely.
Put your phones away people! Fantastic meal except for the number of "overly passionate" guests taking several pictures of every single bit of the Omakase. Enjoy the meal, check the web for picture later!
The best sushi in the US is now available in our very own Jackson Square. Chef Kusakabe, formerly the Michelin-star awarded chef of Sushi-Ran across the bridge, opened his own restaurant in SF, and it does not disappoint. His classic preparations are still available (zuke chu toro, bonito, wagyu), but now he has an accompanying Japanese plate menu to match. I already booked up several reservations into the future because it's going to be impossible to get in soon. If you want an amazing Japanese prix fixe meal with the best fish, service, and ambiance available, this is the place to go, hands-down.
The quality of the fish was of excellent. However at this price point, I am here for more than the fish, I am here for an experience and service, where Kusakabe fell short. I've been to Japan well over 20x, so I'm quite familiar with what an "authentic" Japanese sushi restaurant should feel like. We sat at the bar, and my sushi chef was a Cantonese man named "Ngai". Most of the wait staff were also Chinese and not very knowledgeable about the menu other than a few memorized lines. If you ask them questions that aren't covered in their memorized script, they stumble. I left feeling that Kusakabe has fooled many people into believing this is an authentic, top notch Japanese sushi restaurant and laughing all the way to the bank.
Kusakabe is a wonderful treat.Initially concerned that the Omakase wouldn't be enough, but we were so full that we didn't even try the after meal menu (except for the sorbet. GET the sorbet) Each fish was delicate and different; some smoked, some seared, some dispatched that morning, everything different and delicious. The wagyu at the end was so perfectly marbled that it almost looked like salami. They are still putting in the grill so if you love sushi, go now. Once the grill is in, I would not be surprised if they add some cooked items. This place is not for people who need control of their time, their soy sauce, or cannot just relax and be served. And if you are one of those people and still go, don't sit next to me.
I brought my girlfriend here for her birthday and we had an excellent dining experience. Although we had reservations through Open Table and were seated immediately at 5pm when they opened, there were a few tables that remained open during our meal, so I don't think a reservation (for a table at least) is *required*. Taking the advice of fellow Yelpers, I noted in my reservation that I wanted to sit at the bar, and wow, what an experience. You sit a foot away from the sushi chef delicately prepping each piece of the tasting menu and it is something that you do not want to miss. The tasting menu is the only dining option that Kusakabe offers (to my knowledge), but they are very accommodating if you have dietary restrictions. When our server came to take our order, we had make a choice for which soup we wanted (course number 5 or so), and also our last dish (wagyu or fatty tuna). End to end, each dish was fantastic. I was skeptical about whether or not I would be full after our meal, but I was stuffed. I was also skeptical about whether or not I'd be able to tell the difference between all the different types of fish in the tasting menu and I can absolutely tell you, with fish of this quality, you can absolutely taste the difference. Bring your special somebody here for a special occasion. You won't regret it.
(4.5 stars actually...) Delicious and great service! Just wish the portions were bigger, haha! Otherwise I had a really enjoyable dinner here.
The toro was the best piece of sushi I've ever had. Get both the Wagyu beef and the fatty tuna at the end.
Best sushi to be had (or least that I've had) in San Francisco. The mandatory tasting menu does most of the work for you, leaving you to decide between equally beguiling options in two courses : black truffle or duck miso soup and wagyu or toro. I trust that the menu will change with the seasons though as its distinctiveness may turn ironically one-note otherwise. Regardless, I don't understand the complaints of those corpulent reviewers below; there was more than enough food with flavors in spades, and they're not offering a truckstop buffet the last time I checked. Service was excellent and the vibe, modern. A well-deserved Michelin star.
Came here one month after their opening and recently went back 1 year later...still great food and excellent service. The chefs are also super friendly and easy to talk to. They take the time to ask you what type of fish you like to eat and always ask customers for their thoughts after each dish presentation. It is just too bad each bite cannot last forever....the toro is SO good.
I was disapointed. It is a fix menu and the two main courses were not really sashimi or sushi, a soup with some fried fish and a plate of little bites with crab, an oyster, etc. At the end, not enough food and you end up ordering a la carte, so it becomes so much more expensive and we still left hungry. For the price, there are better spots in san francisco.
seriously the best sushi/sashimi-centric i've ever had...i am super picky on my seafood and this spot blew my mind. if it were easier to get a booking (ok, and a bit less on the pocket book) i'd be there monthly.every bite was amazing. the service sublime. plating photo-worthy. sakei selection extensive. and the chefs behind the bar sweet & super cute!can you tell i loved this spot???
Love it here, great omasake, actually I'm going back again tonite, looking forward to it!!!!!
With the first bite, we all realized that we are far from the corner sushi bar, we were not in the same league, not even in the same sport. There is a symphony of taste in this small piece of chutoro on rice. All the other sushi was delicious, subtly flavored at times and well presented. The fish-rice balance was perfect and the rice itself was good. Our chef was personable and our conversations enhanced the quality of the dining experience. The waitstaff was appropriately attentive without being obvious. We had a marvelous dinner and I have to work hard to find some minor points to add as a critique. The sushi in the Omakase menu was superb but the duck miso soup was only 'very good' in my opinion. The dashi was perhaps too plain for my taste. I had expected more from the kaisui uni I had after the Omakase, the very small portion on a spoon was tasteful and I can still remember it well, a good sign of its quality and complexity, but I prefer the traditional presentation of uni on a bed of rice held in by a ring of high quality nori to fully fill my mouth with the scent of the sea. Also, I have seen chefs grate wasabi just before forming their sushi and was told that they do this because wasabi loses its heat in about five minutes after being grated. I did not gain much from the pre-prepared wasabi that was being drawn from a small bowl. When we first sat down, I asked the chef what fish was particularly good today and got the response that first time customers typically get in a high end Tokyo restaurant, "it is all high quality, fresh... it depends on your taste" (i.e. "we don't know you at all and will save today's best find at the market for our valued customers"). After the Omakase, he recommend the "lightly cherry wood smoked golden eye snapper" and it really was exceptional. After a more visits, he may be more open in sharing his views on the day's best finds. Overall, a great meal, a solid one Michelin star restaurant.
Truly one of the most transcendent dining experiences of my life! We booked 2 months in advance for the 5pm seating (they have 2 seatings per night) immediately following a 2pm Book of Mormon show and opted to sit at the bar to watch the chefs at work. We got lucky and were personally served by Chef-owner Kusakabe. What a treat to watch him prepare each dish. As far as prix fixe menus go, this one is very reasonably priced by SF standards. The serving staff is incredibly attentive and helpful as well. As soon as I dropped my chopsticks on the floor, a brand new set magically appeared before me. Each server and chef explains each dish and answers each diner's questions in the most helpful manner possible. Dining here was a spectacular treat, and we consumed the most unique and delicious sushi here. The flavors and textures of each dish were perfectly harmonized. I also appreciated that they treat you like royalty and don't rush your meal.
The sushi here was excellent. No doubt about it. Ingredient quality and presentation were first rate.The house-smoked katsuo was the best katsuo I have ever tasted (and I'm a katsuo fanatic). Other sushi items were very fresh and prepared with proper proportion of ingredient vs rice (really important for things like uni). By the way, having three types of uni to eat was very nice.Oddly, there was very little focus on ebi (only one steamed ebi was available). Perhaps that was just a function of ingredient availability.  Also, a little disappointing that there was not more salmon available (other than white king salmon, which, as a fish, never ceases to underwhelm).So, why, given the generally excellent sushi, only 4 stars instead of 5? First, the restaurant was bloody uncomfortable. It was HOT! I primarily used my napkin to wipe the sweat from my head while eating. It started hot and it stayed hot the whole evening.Second, the omakase menu was frustrating. I come to a sushi restaurant to eat sushi. I don't come to eat soup, to eat croquettes, or to eat many of the other little items that were presented. The hot soup and croquette were the real insult given my already overheated condition. And, I was too hungry and paying too much money to just not eat the soup, etc. They should have an all sushi omakase available. We soldiered through the omakase and then ordered lots more sushi. But, dining out should be joyful and no "soldiering" should be required.Third, the counter (where we sat) was designed for people with no legs. Amputees step right up, Kusakabe has the seat for you! My 152cm wife was ok sitting at the counter, but for me it was agony. Was I supposed to cut off my legs at the door? There was no space under the counter to put my legs. Anyone with legs should absolutely request a table!
Best sushi I ever had. Be sure to sit at the bar! Keep in mind price will be very high!
Unbelievable. I've had sushi at good places in New York, and this Kusakabe just blows them all away. My entire concept of what sushi can be was completely upended eating here-- I can't help but compare all other sushi I've eaten in my life to Kusakabe now. I had no idea something so apparently simple could taste so complex.Very accommodating service. Excellent selection of sake (sake, also, will never be the same for me. I had no idea it could be so varied, tasteful, and pleasant). A carefully orchestrated progression of tastes, some of which we couldn't help but revisit during the a la carte portion of the evening, which follows the omakase portion. Sit at the sushi bar if you can: you're watching masters at work.
Fantastic place for Omakase. it was definitely the best I've had in the bay area so far. Friendly customer services and the fish is very fresh and tasty.
We had a great time at Kusakabe last weekend. The chefs were a delight and the food and wine was tasty. For the price, I would not stay 5 stars, but I really enjoyed myself.
I am a huge sushi eater and am so happy I found this place. This place has really shown me what great so she can be like.all the rolls that we tried were amazing! Management was very nice as well and the ambience of the overall restaurant was great will definitely return!
Loved Kusakabe! Start to finish, the experience was phenomenal. Everything is top notch and the omakase will not disappoint. The fish truly melts in your mouth with each bite. We also loved the duck miso soup (the truffle miso smelled phenomenal as well). Some Yelpers talk about needing more food beyond the Omakase, we were plenty full by the time we were done. Be sure to make reservations well in advance.
best japanese food i've had in the bay area. fully deserving of the michelin star. go soon before the increase the prices.
The reviews are good overall, but there are some people nitpicking here. This is hands down the best sushi in SF. Finally, we have a place we can be proud of that stands up to NYC or LA.There are some great flavors and unique fish I've never had. I will be back.
Went here last weekend with the significant other and it was truly amazing. The fish and service deserve ten stars. I got the sake pairing and my BF got the wine pairing. Really wish I had gone with the wine pairing, but that's just me. I'm sure if you love sake or know a lot about it, you'll love the sake pairing. However, for me, some of the sakes were way too strong and somewhat overpowering. The wines, however, were awesome. Super expensive. To be honest, I think it should be about 75% what it is, but hey, it's michelin rated, so they can do what they want. I'd definitely like to go back at some point. Just for ze fishies. Nomsssss.
Kusakabe was definitely solid but at this price point, it better be. I enjoyed everything I ate but at $450 for two, I'm not sure this place is worth a repeat visit. Basically, I'm glad I came and tried out Kusakabe but nothing stood out as outstanding. FYI - In order to order off the a la carte menu, you have to go through the entire omakase menu, which is fine but you essentially have to pay $95 per person before you can sample anything else. To be honest, I was pretty stuffed after the omakase but I just can't turn down uni or ankimo when I see it. A la carte nigiri was per piece and the hokkaido uni was $14/piece. Ouch. It was good but not the best uni I've had.We had Ken as our sushi chef and he was great! Rice was the correct temperature and the fish was perfectly executed whether it was raw or flamed. He also carried a thoughtful conversation which created for a better meal. :)
What a delightful omakase menu. I loved that we were asked if there were specific types of fish that we liked most so that the chef can try to accommodate our taste buds.. and that he did! We sat at the bar and really enjoyed seeing everything being prepped. The presentation was aesthetically appealing and every dish we had was so delicious. The nigiri was prepped with the perfect amount of sauce so no additional flavors were needed- it was just right!
Worth every penny!
Holy cow! SF finally has a top notch, world class sushi restaurant and I couldn't be happier!!! Kusakabe is a master at his craft. We ordered Omakase and were impressed with about 95% of the items that came out. It's not enough to just serve fresh fish, you got to know what to do with it. And they definitely know how to turn out amazing pieces of flavor here. The rice is very well made too which is why it's like eating pieces of perfection here. Make reservations in advanced. We saw them having to turn a lot of walkin's away. $95 for the best Omakase in town that leaves your tummy satisfied is well worth it. Can't wait to come back!!!
Finally my hunt for the best sushi in SF can be over!
I ate here for the second time last night. This place is incredible. I can say with conviction this is the best Sushi in SF.
Unpretentious yet world class. Beautifully crafted sushi yet enough food for the grumbliest tummy. At $95 the omekase isn't cheap, but it's not setting you back $300 the way other SF places of this quality would. Will certainly be back!
me and helen's annual birthday dinner this year was at kusakabe.  you have to get omakase which lets you order off the a la carte menu afterwards. i was slightly annoyed by this but realized that i would eat the entire menu anyways so it didn't matter. he has very unusual offering like the raw hokaikkdo uni (not the regular kind in wood box) and live unagi.
This is our second time at Kusakabe and we were not disappointed, as we often are after a memorable first time. We sat at the sushi bar, where each morsel of sushi was lovingly prepared by the chef, with just the right amount of warm rice and very fresh fish bursting with flavor! The Omakase this time was a bit more than last time, and we were quite full by the end of the course, so we did not order any more from the a la carte menu. The Sake we had, called Southern Beauty, was like dew drops. Another memorable experience.
All the food are absolutely delicious! But it's definitely pricier than Sushi Ran.
not only was the food fantastic, but the service was just as lovely! thanks for a PERFECT dining experience with fish that i will be dreaming about for a long time.
95 Dollar omakase menu. Food was excellent but the plates were small. Be prepared to order more from the a la carte menu which means roughly 134 a person at least. Given the taste, it is entirely worth it. Really enjoyed the salmon.
It was a bit expensive but the taste was worth every penny. It depends on their stock but I loved bonito. Their Sake selection was pretty good too. so you should try their Ginjyo or Jyunmai.
Kusakabe was such an awesome experience. This place has a similar concept to Jiro's where the menu is preset, people are seated at the bar in waves, guests are served in the order they came in, the sushi chefs only serve you the next piece after you consume what is currently served, and everyone gets the same items on the menu. Being an indecisive person who can never choose something off a menu, this was the perfect place. I have a very keen tongue for unfresh fish, but I can say this place serves pretty fresh fish. Every item served was very fresh. The only piece I was slightly disappointed by was the Toro - blue fin fatty tuna served at the end but it was better quality than most toro's I had in the bay. What I really liked about the place is the concept of eating with your hands and the superb service. The table setting includes a small black towel to wipe your fingers after picking up the sushi. Since the restaurant is small and customers come in in waves, it gives the wait staff the opportunity to attend all the customers throughout the night. Our glasses were instantly attended and every time I dropped a grain of rice or a drop of my drink on the table, someone would come by immediately to wipe it off.The sushi chef, Ken was also very attentive. During the night, we met a very friendly couple who sat next to us. They came in a little after us so they were served a few items behind us on the menu. Ken noticed we were engaging in a deep conversation about the food so he served the couple slightly quicker so they were caught up to us. We were given a menu to order additional sushi items at the end. I got the Kaisui Uni and the Ayu. The Kaisui Uni was a miniature version of the large uni you normally get. It was probably the best uni I had in the Bay Area. The ayu was also very yummy. It was a sweet and buttery burst of flavor. I came here for an anniversary so the restaurant served the Yuzu sorbet dessert with a candle which added a nice touch to the end of the night.Overall amazing experience and every bite was texture-full with a burst of flavor. Keep in mind the drink menu is printed on BOTH SIDES. The back side has the Japanese Sake, Ginjo, Daiginjo, and Sparkling drinks.
Yuuup! Honestly some of the best, most thoughtful sushi I have ever had. The fish couldn't have been more fresh. Evidence: the chef pulled out the head of the fish my piece came from. What's more: the service was incredible. Had a solo reservation and they made me feel like I was the only person in the restaurant. It was really refreshing for a high-end omakase-style place to not feel stuffy; the chefs were engaging and cutting up, in a respectful way. Only complaint is the set menu could have included a little more for the price. But if that is the price of quality, I'll take it.
Everything we ate was incredible and innovative. Very subtly and brilliantly seasoned. Best sushi I've ever had. I waited to write this review until I ate at Maruya, but Maruya was terrible and Kusakabe was much, much better.
One of the best sushi places I have been to in NorCal.Must get the ala carte after to get the full experience!
Fabulous. I was there for the Asia Society dinner last night. Refined but friendly atmosphere, great staff, and the sushi was as good as it gets in the Bay Area, made even better by unusual treatments and some inspired flavor combinations. Favorites: a lightly smoked hamachi with smoked salt & lemon, chutoro cured with soy sauce and seared with a blowtorch, and Tasmanian ocean trout shabu shabu style. Not cheap but a great value, if that makes sense. I'm super picky about sushi -- I was spoiled by 4+ years in Tokyo and don't go to many places in the US other than Sushi Yasuda in NY -- but this was a revelation. Shall definitely be back.
well, we tried to make a reservation. opentable not available. we called, voicemail tells us to go to their website and make reservation there. there is no reservation option when you click on reservation. the website tells you they don't take reservations over email but at the bottom, it tells you to call them or email.too much work to just have sushi. too many options in the city.
my friend and i treated ourselves to our bday dinner here, and it was delicious. we sat at the bar, so we were able to chat it up w/ the sushi chef. every piece of fish i had was delicious, and i liked the little bites of apps. i also loved the miso soup. after the omakase, we each also got some ala carte items, and all the fish was great.
My partner and I celebrated our anniversary at KUSAKABE and were very happy with our choice of venue. The omakase was amazing - so much so that we ended up ordering additional pieces at the end of our tasting. The atmosphere feels nice and high-end without being stuffy and the staff is great - very friendly and helpful with suggestions.
Best sushi in San Francisco! My husband and I had the mainstay omakase and found the meal to be outstanding. We especially loved the truffle mushroom miso soup.  Divine!!!! We also launched into the a la carte menu which is available after your omakase meal is completed.  We opted to try the trio of uni options with other amazing pieces per recommendations by our chef.  Very pricey meal with our a la carte additions but very, very delicious. We have tried other high end sushi restaurants (Maruya in SF, Sushi Sasabune in Honolulu, Sushi Ginza Onodera), Kusakabe ranks among our best sushi experiences. Limited bar seating with a few table seating options.
Normally the go to spot for special sushi night is sushi ran in Sausalito. I heard some time ago that chef nori and ken were striking out on their own. They didn't disappoint. The ex GF and I enjoyed a wonderful anniversary omakase meal that took over 3 hours. The key is that it didn't feel that long as we enjoyed course after course. Chef Ken even re introduced Ankimo to us as we have not had prior good experiences with that dish elsewhere. It was much different this time around as the flavors were much more delicate and balanced compared to other times where the pate flavors were overbearing. Oh yeah and plus one to all those who said be sure to try the Uni that is on the ala carte menu. Service was attentive yet not smothering.  More or less a perfect experience
Excellent all around. This has to be one of the best sushi restaurants this side of the Pacific. Great food, great service, great sake selection. Well worth the price.
this meal was amazing. i mean, i'm the type who only reviews if i'm really mad. i just got home, and onto the computer i go. the chef who took care of me and my friend was incredibly friendly. he overheard me talking about ingredients i typically hate (green onion & ginger [yes, i'm a terrible asian]), and was careful to explain how they were used. I also expressed distaste for uni and ankimo--i enjoy the flavor, but very much dislike the texture (it's like snot!). i had so much ginger, green onion, uni, and ankimo tonight. it was all soooo good. everything i normally avoid, was delicate and balanced.my friend rm came once before, and recommended the salmon with sakura leaf. that's seriously some of the best sushi i have ever had. something about the sweet nuances of the leaf...i ate 3 pieces. gluttonous.the duck and mushroom misos were quite nice. the first toro was probably the third nicest bite. second fav was the sweet fish (ayu). service is sick, in the good way. rm was curious about some sweet sake describe with "yogurt." the waitress had the person who wrote the menu come out and explain it. when a neighboring guest requested barracuda for all 3 of us, and they only had 2 portions left, the kickass chef was kind enough to portion it into 3 for us.rm, you da bes.barry, you're number two.i'm going to be hungover tomorrow. order the centrifuge sake. and the snow country sake.how am i going to ever top this meal? it's only wednesday...
We went there a week ago on the early seating and the place looked very spartan but elegant in a very Japanese way. The sushi counter is made of a rare wood that is quite long and is the focus of the room where 'Nori' the owner/chef holds court. The menu began with Chu-toro and ended with Chu-toro which should tell you the procession is a bit off. In the best Omakase meals, the chef should lead you into an opus from the first movement to an finale which you enjoy a exhilarating ride of sensory pleasures. However, the fish is some of the best cuts I've had in SF. Some of the other ingredients were less stellar such as the Compari tomato rather than a heirloom which is just coming into season now. The most troublesome is that after a 9-10 course meal....one should not be given an a la carte sushi menu to augment the prix fixe in case one is still hungry. This would not be needed if it was a true style Omakase where the chef would sense your level of enjoyment as well as the adventure in your palate. Here it is simply a prix fixe menu with supplements. The service was very attentive and we did enjoy the experience but it pales still to the real thing in Japan and other parts of Asia.
Truly an exceptional dining experience. If you love authentic sushi, then you really must come here. The ambiance is very close to what you would expect to find at a similar establishment in Tokyo. You should absolutely request seats at the sushi bar if they are available, and even better if you are seated right in front of the chef, who is a master artist. Everyone in the restaurant is friendly, polite, and unobtrusive. You could tell our server was truly invested in making sure we had a wonderful experience, and was excited to share her recommendations with us. The sushi itself is incredible. Each piece was expertly crafted, with complex flavors blending together beautifully. I especially enjoyed the kisu, which I had never had before, and the o-toro finale was out of this world. The truffle miso soup course was also excellent, with a depth of flavors I had never had before in a soup. The aji was also incredible, as was the Hokkaido uni (deep sea) that you can select a la carte after the omakase menu is complete. The chef explained each piece you received, and was also pleasant and friendly. Kusakabe truly brings a taste of Tokyo haute cuisine to the Bay Area, something we had always lamented was missing from the restaurant scene. We are so happy that Kusakabe is here!
the place looks really nice and the staff is very friendly.the omakase menu was great, you get quite a few pieces of sushi, and a really tasty miso soup. however, i would bet, most people would not feel full after that.we added 8 pieces of sushi between the two of us, and afterwards, we were still not full. since the sushi were on the small side.definitely expensive, but there were a few pieces of sushi that were absolutely amazing, and probably the best i've had in SF.
This place was all around amazing. My boyfriend took me here tonight for a special dinner and we were both speachless by the amount of beautiful masterpieces we consumed throughout the two hour meal. I love sushi, but I am always skeptical of those really fishy slabs that I always get in mediocre sushi restaurants so I always end up ordering basic things (aka tuna). This place has a prix -fixe menu so I was able to expand my horizons. Not only does this place have the most amazing melt in your mouth tuna I've ever had in your life but EVEEY SINGLE THING tastes like butter heaven with a hint of something new and fragrant in each piece. I had no idea that sushi could be so amazing, and I love sushi. This place brings sushi to a godly level. We both agreed that our favorite was the bonito. I belive it was the third piece of sushi you reviece, amazing it's cherry wood smoked and I didn't even want to swallow it it was so good. After our prix-fixe we had the bamboo cured snapper and the flying fish with golden cabiar on top. The flying fish was amazing. The bill was pricey but well worth it. This definitely isn't a n every week kind of place but it's amazing for a special occasion. I would reccomend this place to my closest friends, and everyone I know! Wow!
Great place and experience. I enjoyed everything that was served in the omakase. My favorite was the the final otoro. I'd love to come back again.
