Thee best Persian food in the bay area! The chicken and beef kabobs are just so juicy and delicious! And I love how they put the bread under the kabobs so that it soaks up all the juices and becomes such a delicious bite! The rice is so good and fluffy.The shallot yogurt was so addicting we had to keep ordering more for our table.The Aash tastes like its been cooking to perfection all day due to the intensity of its' flavor. I feel like every kabab I have ever had has always had that one extra chewy cartilage piece that you have to sneakily spit into a napkin. The kabobs I had here was just one great bite after the next! I will be coming back here ASAP!
- OK food for vegetarians.- crispy rice was petty much felt like uncooked deep fried rice.- Server took plate away from my husband while he was still eating- super tight space
About - Lavash has been my favorite place since 2 years now, the time I moved to San Francisco from my home country. The food is no doubt good here. I prefer Joojeh that comes with chicken and butter rice, yum it is. Reservations - They have a reservation system and we prefer doing reservations before heading to this restaurant (crowdy and busy place). Parking - Easy to find street parking around this restaurant. Last experience - Keeping the food apart, let me share with you my recent experience. I called this restaurant on Saturday 5ish in the evening and booked a table for us at 9. We notified the owner at 8:50 that we are here and will be waiting outside. Then at 9:05, my brother just checked in again with the owner to see if they can make the table available to us. Not him, any one would like to check in as it was already late. Never mind, we kept our cool and then approached again at 9:15 to see if something can be done. Nope, no response and we were waiting outside in the cold and to be fair, my hunger was going crazy. We still waited and the table was allotted to us at around 9:30 which was terribly late. This is not acceptable. You cannot say yes for 9 and give someone a table at 9:30. 5-10 minutes late is okay but more than half hour is no way. Other bad experience owner being rude to my brother still annoys me and makes me hesitant to visit this restaurant again. The guy at the reception gave a tough look - what!!!! It's your mistake, accept it. Of course, food is one of the reasons we go there but if you cannot treat your customers well - I don't mind not visiting this place. Customer service and good attitude of the staff is what makes the place better.Might be something to keep this in mind. You guys need to work on this.
WHY WE WENT HERE:- cousin reunion lunch- no one else (other than myself and my boyfriend) have had Persian cuisine beforeBEFORE WE GOT HERE:- right when they opened, I called ahead for lunch reservations and was told another party of 8 was coming around the same time- as my cousins and I (and our significant others) were still meeting up, one of my cousins and I had a strong feeling we wouldn't make our reservation, so I called again to push it back about 45 minutes laterTHE LOOK (FROM THE OUTSIDE):- like most places in the city, parking is a struggle, so try to carpool when you come here to eat (or get dropped off)- the outside seems modest from the sidewalk, but if you take a closer look, the large store front window allows you to have a peak insideTHE LOOK (FROM THE INSIDE):- smaller than I expected, but it's really nice!- I like the wood throughout, it gives it a cozy feeling- the bathroom (single person/unisex) is located diagonally behind the front counter; although a tight fit (you can't really form a line outside of the restroom), once inside, the bathroom is very clean, well-lit, and smells good (plus you can hear the whole restaurant from in there)THE MENU: - food: appetizer, combination, jeweled rice, kabobs, khoresh, sides, soup & salad- wine listWHAT WE ORDERED:- yogurt was ordered but I don't know what it was called- everyone got kabobs (prawns, shishlik, barg, koobideh, joojeh) or a combination plate (Taste of Persia)- some of the guys got beers (particularly Stella)- myself, my sister, and my cousin split a bottle of I believe 2013 Chateau St. JohnTHE TASTE:- complimentary lavash with tomatoes, cucumbers, mint, cilantro, and cheese was refreshing and abundant- the yogurt was very tasty alone and went well with the complimentary lavash- everyone LOVED their kabobs and combination plates - we all thought the Taste of Persia combination plate was so cute! Especially with the hear-shaped saffron over the bed of basmati rice- the beers refreshed the guys- the wine went well with our mealCUSTOMER SERVICE:- I believe our server's name was Kian; she was excellent!
This place is really good! My husband, son and I had an early Valentine's dinner here. I called early to make reservations on the same day and they were able to squeeze us in. We checked in and waited a few minutes to be seated. We were given a lovely window seat. They were busy on Valentine's day so service was a bit slow and could have been better but the food definitely made up for it. To start, we ordered the Sabzi Panir which is Fresh organic herbs, teta cheese cucumber, tomato, walnuts & grapes served with lavash bread. This appetizer was light, fresh and delicious and probably enough for 3 to 4 people. For our entrees, my husband ordered the Fesenjan which is Chicken with ground walnut and sour-sweet pomegranate sauce I've never had this type of dish before and when I tried it, I wanted to have the entire dish. My husband was happy to share. It was delicious and had the perfect amount of spices. I would return just for this dish. I ordered the Joojeh kabob which is Chicken breast & thigh meat marinated in lime, olive oil & saffron seasoning. My son and I shared this dish and he enjoyed it very much. Everything was so flavorful and I felt all my problems slip away because I was so happy. I highly recommend this restaurant when you're in the mood for persian food. I'm just a little bummed we didn't get to try the dessert because our little boy was getting a little antsy so we had to hightail out of there before he started to bother the other patrons. Anyway, The food is delicious! Definitely worth a visit.
I was in the sunset and really enjoyed this place. It gets high ratings both for the food and the ambiance..this is a perfect date night spot.
A friend's check in here reminded me I had yet to review this cute place.This is a nice date-night place that serves up really good food. Service isn't bad either and the prices are fair for SF. I'd say the only downside was the restroom which is tiny (I'm not super tiny but also not extremely tall, I'm only guessing that it's a cozy fit, but what do you expect in SF).Now onto the must-trys:-Complementary lavash plate with cucumbers, feta, onion, lavash squares, mint and tomato -- delicious-Eggplant appetizer-Kababs (any of them are tasty, pick the type of protein you prefer, we liked lamb)-Basmati Rice-Yogurt salad (delicious side to the rice and protein)-Mint tea (yummmmm)-Traditional baklava (Delicious but Worth $6? Park Gyro is pretty good too, just saying)Expect to be full after eating here. Also, parking is street in the 6th-9th Irving area and don't wear something that you'd hate to have smell like BBQ/spices. ;)
I have constant cravings for Persian food because it is rare in the city, and that I used to eat a lot of it in San Diego. Lavash is super delicious though and very high quality. I scarfed down my koobideh plate and ate the appetizer. Very flavorful and juicy. It is expensive though, about $20 a person w/ tax and tip for just a koobideh or chicken plate. Either way, even with the price, the lack of Persian food options in the city makes me come back.
Lavash is a truly hidden gem in the heart of Inner Sunset. I don't claim to be an expert in Persian cuisine, but of all the Persian restaurants I've tried, Lavash is definitely the best in San Francisco.I'm completely obsessed with their teas, which comes with rock sugar, and their rose, saffron, and pistachio ice creams are amazing. I always get the koobideh, which comes with saffron rice, tomato, and a side of lavash. The meat is incredibly juicy and flavorful, and I love spreading the tomato over the rice for extra flavor. I didn't even know I could like eggplant so much until I tried their kashkeh badmenjoon, which is so flavorful and creamy with the yogurt. If you're curious about Persian cuisine, I definitely recommend you give this neighborhood spot a try!
Baba . Just had some dinner here, this place is still oh so good. Joojeh kabob and koobideh on Kashke badamjan on  Chai to top it all off, annnnnd yep, you guessed it, on .Note: the in the rice, so cute
Lavash is a restaurant worth trying at least once. Its a small restaurant with candle lighting and a warm wood ambiance. The tables are quite close to one another so it does feel a little cramp. I'd recommend making reservations a head of time by calling. Based on other people's reviews, they will put you at the bottom of the waiting list if you arrive late so I would recommend arriving at least 5 minutes before your reservation. I made one for 7:30pm on a Friday and we were seated promptly. The restaurant wasn't filled when we arrived but it soon became packed by 8/8:30pm. I'd definitely recommend making reservations if you're planning on a late dinner.In terms of food, I'd recommend the Koobideh. The lamb/beef kabobs were juicy and flavorful. The price is high at $17 for the platter but the quality of the dish is superb. We also had the Kashk-e Bademjan ($8) and the Sabzi Panir as appetizers. The dishes were fresh and satisfying but not so memorable that I would order it again. FYI the prices listed on the Yelp menu are $1-2 less than what they charge now in the restaurant. Also, what was surprising was the automatic 20% gratuity they charged. It was a bit off putting and I'd recommend double checking your bill to make sure they didn't already include tip in your total.Overall, good food. The prices are a little overpriced for what you're getting. Appetizers fell short. Order the Koobideh. I'm not sure if I would come back.
I made a reservation for two with high expectations, but Lavash wasn't quite as "lavish" as I had hoped. Granted, it may have been due to my eating just a few hours beforehand, so I wasn't very hungry. Lavash is a cute little place with just a scattering of tables. Per usual with San Francisco, dining was more elbow to elbow with the table next door, and conversation felt limited due to the close proximity of glancing strangers. The ambiance was dim and intimate, and I thought it was quaint that the bathroom was a broom cupboard reminiscent of Harry Potter's. Our server was fine, but she always seemed to be in a hurry and didn't quite let me finish my question before cutting in with the answer. Rose tea with mint leaves:(yelp.com/user_local_phot)(yelp.com/user_local_phot)I was a fan of this tea, but I wish there had been a little more mint in it. It was light and refreshing, and I especially enjoyed the stirrer with rock sugar on one end. I'm not usually a fan of rose teas, so I was surprised that I liked this version. Turkish coffee:(yelp.com/user_local_phot)I enjoyed my single sip of this coffee, and it didn't seem as grainy (read: saturated with coffee grinds) as other versions I've had, although perhaps that's how it's supposed to be..? It's very strong, but smoother than espresso and the accompanying wafer is a nice contrast. Complimentary lavash bread with cucumbers, tomato, mint and basil, and cheese:(yelp.com/user_local_phot)This was a nice little appetizer, and the lavash bread went well with a combination of vegetables and cheese. The lavash bread did seem a little dried out in comparison with the one that was on a later platter and the cucumbers were a little wilted on the edges, which suggests that it had been perhaps sitting out for a time. Cucumber yogurt salad:(yelp.com/user_local_phot)Ohhhh my goodness, this was one tangy yogurt dish. The majority of the dish comprised of very tangy greek yogurt interspersed with crunchy cucumber cubes. I didn't get much flavor except for those two ingredients, which were good by themselves, but became rather one-dimensional after the fourth bite. Lentil noodle soup (bowl):(yelp.com/user_local_phot)This lentil noodle soup was probably my least favorite part of the meal, largely because of its lukewarm temperature upon serving. It's one of my biggest pet peeves when food comes to the table slightly warm, especially soup-like foods at that. These noodles were boiled so that they had little texture or substance, there was little lentil flavor of traditional lentil soups, and the overall dish was heavy yet tasteless. Lavash Special for two: lamb chops, beef kabob, chicken kabob, and roasted vegetable skewer atop lavash bread:(yelp.com/user_local_phot)Basmati rice:(yelp.com/user_local_phot)I enjoyed the vegetables in this dish, as they had that nice, charred, smokey flavor that comes from grilling. The beef kabobs were a little salty for me, the chicken kabobs on the dry side, but the lamb chops were succulent and just the right amount of gamey. I picked at the lavash bread on the bottom, which was mostly saturated in oil and juices from the meat and vegetables. It was definitely enough food for two people though, especially coupled with the fragrantly warm basmati rice.Overall, Lavash didn't exceed my expectations, and I can't forgive the lukewarm lentil noodle soup just yet. I wouldn't be opposed to coming back for a second chance, but perhaps on a less crowded night and certainly without the lentil soup.
We normally got to-go, so I can't comment much on the atmosphere, but I always found the food to be just fine - grilled chicken & rice. My favorite part by far was the tasty seasonings & herbs to mix in and ESPECIALLY the sumac! yum.
Wow, if you are looking for authentic Persian cuisine, this is the place. Our Persian friends, introduced us to this place 3 years ago and we keep coming back.Make sur you try the Tadig rice. (It is crunchy and flavorful)It can be busy, so make sure you make a reservation ahead.
Delight in every exquisite, aromatic bite. Overall, quality ingredients and rich flavor. Uhm, excuse me while I do my happy dance. **untz, untz, untz** The highlight of the evening, one of the reasons why I decided to rate this place four stars, was the Lavash Special (For two) $38.00: My fave part of this dish were the two oh so succulent pieces of lamb shishlik, which were cooked to perfection. The Mister and I agreed that each delicate piece of shishlik was so tender and flavorful. The other components of this dish, the grilled skewer of vegetables, the joojeh (chicken) and the koobdideh were also really yummy. The accompanying steamed basmati rice was alluringly fragrant and fluffy in texture. Definitely enough food for two people. This one inspires me to try more off their menu. For starters, we ordered the Kashk-e Bademjan $6.50: Seasoned roasted eggplant, garnished with sundried yogurt sauted onion, roasted garlic, mint flakes & saffron- Pleasant texture, but I wish there was more flavor pay off. Fortunately, this lackluster dish was the lone disappointment. + Complimentary, fresh appetizer plate with lavash bread, feta cheese, herbs, tomatoes and cucumber+ Reservations highly recommended + Service: 3/5 + Ambiance: 5/5: Super enamored by the venue and ambiance. Warm, intimate, charming.
I love Persian food...my brother's wife is Iranian and every time I can come over for fesenjoon or Ghormeh sabzi I am there.When I dont feel like driving all the way to the East bay I get my Persian fix at Lavash.Lavash is such a cute and warm little restaurant you forget that you are on Irving street. The service is very friendly and very warm. The food is very fresh and very tasty. I love their kabobs and that amazing saffron rice. Not as good as home cooking but still good.Small restaurant so get there early (say before 7) or make reservations as the place fills up.khodahafez
Crowded on a Sunday afternoon, I can tell Lavash is a family favorite. Can someone say CARBS? They sure give you a fill of lavash bread and basmati rice. Save room, as these carbs will fill you up. And let's talk about those fresh herbs. Throw in that saffron spice, and wapow! We ordered 3 dishes: * Sabzi panir ($9)- array of fresh herbs, feta cheese, walnuts, grapes, cucumbers, tomatoes, lavash bread- Create mini wraps with all the ingredients in lavash bread. This is very simple- so sauces or oils used. Ingredients in the purest form. They give you a TON of lavash bread. * Bademjan ($19)- Lean beef, eggplant, unripe grapes simmered in tomato sauce. Comes w/ basmati rice- Those unripe grapes have a nice kick! A popular dish, I was not overly amazed- very tomato saucy. But I'm glad I tried. *Koobideh - Minced ground beef and lamb skewer- A side cost $6 and a kabob plate costs $16. We got the side and it came with Lavash bread. Tasty meat! Overall, I would come back here. I wouldn't get the Sabzi panir again as an appetizer, and you can fill up on that. I'd try more of the unique dishes. The lamb chops are also popular.
Came here on a friend's recommendation and I am so glad we did - the food and the ambiance were a perfect romantic way to end our Saturday outing. Definitely make reservations as it is a cozy spot (on the smaller side) and heavily visited! We had the taste of Persia for 2, and fadooleh/rose water ice cream dessert - absolutely delicious. And the service was great, we had such a sweet down to earth server.
1 - Great service, brought us a complimentary appetizer and our server was helpful and nice2 - very clean and sunny ambience, perfect spot for lunch on a nice day.3 - kashk e bademjoon appetizer tasted pretty authentic and the portion was a good size for an appetizer. Lavash bread was also cut to a perfect size, which really does make a difference.4 - must o khiar was very fresh and authentic.I can't give 5 stars because i wasn't thrilled with the koobideh main entree. I found the meat to be a bit rubbery and greasy. Also, the rice did not have that fluffy fragrant quality that is a staple of persian cuisine. I think they could definitely improve on the rice!In conclusion, fresh ingredients and pretty authentic, will return!
Pros:- Food is delicious!! No matter what I've ever ordered there, it's been delicious- They give you a mini salad before your main course- so nice!- Their Mint tea is so goooooood!- It's casual even though looks fancy from the outside. - Must order any of the kebabs and the sampler thing!Cons:- Service can be slow at times but they're very friendly. Except the dude, he can be a little standoffish at times- Very tiny restaurant so it can feel like you're almost sitting with the people next to you.
Amazing! Everything was such unique flavors the kebabs were perfect and the baklava was as good as it can get. I highly recommend the Joojeh (chicken kabob) for the money the best on the menu. Comes with wonderful rice...and if you what to go the lamb route, Koobideh is wonderful. But Kabobs are the way to go. No matter what you get the flavors are unique and brilliant. I will be back!!
I had visions of greasy, heavy food when I looked this place up, but I was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case at all!Shiraz salad: 4/5 Good cleansing salad.Chicken kebab: 4/5The white meat chicken was perfectly seasoned and not spicy (just the way I like it). What I especially like about it was that it wasn't doused in oil but wasn't all too dry or burnt either. Rice was also fragrant but not greasy.Clean, healthy, and yummy food. I'd stop by again if I was ever in the area.
Love Lavash! The atmosphere is cozy and inviting but definitely a tight fit- best for small groups. The food is so delicious and the seasonings to the food was just right. I had the joojeh kebab which was one of the best i have had. The chicken was perfectly grilled, seasoned and had a hint of lime. So good! The portions are quite large so we ended up taking some home for lunch next day. The tadig appetizer was also very tasty! Highly recommend !!!
Great food. Have the koobideh (ground lamb and beef) and the chicken joojeh( spelling might be wrong . all was great. Great service too
I've been to many Persian restaurants in California. I've tried most of the ones in SoCal (LA/San Diego), and the ones in NorCal (San Francisco, San Jose). Hands down this place definitely has one of the best tasting Persian food in California.First the atmosphere here is pretty nice and cozy. The inside is very tiny, and there are not that many seatings. Sometimes it gets really crowded, so I suggest reserve in advance if you are a group of 4+. The service is very friendly, however keep in mind that if want to order kabob (Barg, Koobideh, etc) it might take longer to get ready. And yes their service is a bit slow on busy days.Their portions are big, and the food is a bit pricey here, but definitely worth it. I've tried most of their items in their menu, but here are the items that I think you should definitely try:Drink:+Dough (Yogurt drink, basically yogurt, water, salt, mint)Appetizer: + Mast Mousir+ Taadig + StewEntree:+ Adas Polo+ Barg (kabob) + rice+ Koobideh (kabob) + rice
Poor customer service, but the food was delicious. We patiently waited an hour for a table and the food was worth the wait. HERE COMES THE BAD PART...there was a misunderstanding with our order and we were forced to pay for the waitress's mistake after arguing about it for 10 minutes. I won't get into the whole story but we were mistakenly brought two extra sides of barg. The matter was handled extremely poorly and unprofessionally. They forced us to pay for the mistake of an employee with the argument of "well, you ate it" -even though we didn't order it. We had debated about even speaking up and considered paying for the (over $100) meal because our waitress had been sweet and we knew she had simply misunderstood our order. But it's about the principle of it, right? Ultimately the option they left us with was to pay for only ONE of the extra sides. An $18 mistake. At least there were a ton of leftovers.
Looking for the perfect romantic yet not too upscale restaurant that won't burn your wallet? You've come to the right place! I stopped by here to celebrate a special occasion on a Friday night around 7PM and though I did not have a reservation, my boyfriend and I were immediately seated. SCORE! The ambiance and lighting of the entire restaurant was both romantic and cozy. However, since the restaurant itself is not that big, so I would definitely suggest making reservations!What we ordered:-Kashk-e Bademjan--roasted eggplants DIP. I assumed it was going to be a grilled eggplant but it actually came in the form of a dip and homemade pita bread to dip it with. It was both interesting and tasty!-Ghormeh Sabzi--beef stew. I was imagining that the dish would be more meat and less herbs, but oh boy was I wrong. The entire dish came out a dark green color and tasted very herby. It had a sour aftertaste to it as well. It was very different to anything I have tried or imagined to be!-Prawns Kabob--KABOBS!! This is was the only dish that was not foreign to my taste buds. Their prawns were delicious and perfectly grilled.Having ZERO experience with Persian food, I enjoyed my visit to Lavash and would recommend it to anyone who is seeking new dishes to try out. Your taste buds will definitely go on an adventure!
Ohhhh lavash! I love lavash!!!!This place is tiny but I'll still come here even if they cram me in a corner with no table. The joojeh and koobdeh are so amazing. The chilled sangria and sabzi panir.... So good. You should definitely come here and eat but make a reservation. I've seen them have to turn multiple people away due to lack of tables.
Such a disappointment. I would never ever go back there again. I and my girlfriend went there this Saturday to celebrate new Iranian year. We ordered Tahdig with stew and some Ash to start with plus our main courses. Waitress came back to us after 15 minutes saying they were out of Tahdig. She went back and again came back saying they were out of Ash too. We had no option left so We ended up ordering Kashk bademjan. It was delicious but extremely cold! They did not even bother to warmIt up a little longer. Waited for the main course, Lavash special, came in. The presentation was good but the taste was not even ok. Also portions were very very small. One of the worst kabobs I had recently tried. I am Iranian and I know how kebobs should taste..... The bill came up.... Not only they did not apologize for not providing our desired order, we were faced with a relatively expensive bill. Long story short:Nice ambiance Small portionsGood food presentation Cold foodBelow average tasteExpensive bill
I used to love coming to Lavash all the time. It was one of those places I had to stop by if I was ever in the area. This was about four to five years ago. I've noticed though throughout time, the place has become really popular. More popularity=Busy=Quality control=down the drain. Its unfortunate to say this, but their food and service was amazing at one point. Now, the waiters hardly come to check up on you, rush you to finish your food because they have people waiting, and squeeze you in smaller tables.I understand the place has outgrown its space, but service and food should remain consistent. Also, the pillows on the benches needs to be washed or changed. It smells. Really bad. I would avoid this place for dinner, and opt for lunch instead.
We had a lovely lunch here after going to Fort Point. The service was friendly and attentive and the ingredients simple, fresh and full of flavor. It was a Friday during Lent so even though the beef and lamb choices looked terrific we had the salmon and vegetable kabobs and it was perfect!
Joooooooojeh. Yum. Tiny place with great food. Make a reservation (phone only) and don't be late. They will give your table away and put you at the bottom of the list (even after later walk-ins...which doesn't seem right to me but a tip- if you're running late either call in advance or just come in like a walk-in!)The appetizer starter they provide is super fresh.The mast-o musir is amazing - yogurt with shallots. Beware there are two yogurt type salads. Neither of which look like salads in the traditional term. They are bowls of yogurt. The other yogurt salad was a little more like tsatsiki and lighter in texture and brighter in flavor. Not my thing. I like the garlicky shallot yogurt!!Joojeh all white meat. Wow. I'm a white meat person but I haven't found a kabob I like on the west coast. This one is juicy chicken breast with so much flavor. It comes on a big piece of lavash with a pile of rice, roasted tomato, fresh raw onions. Wow. Even those onions are super fresh and flavorful. Ironically I found this place because I was looking for beef stew. But came and fell in love with the kabob. The beef and eggplant stew was not my thing. I was looking for a home style grandmas type of brown gravy stew but this one is more like a tomato soup with tender beef and eggplant. It's not bad at all but not the stew I wanted. Pricey but big portions. I think lunch is the same as dinner so it seems pretty expensive for lunch and like a ton of food. There's a tiny bathroom. Takes all normal credit cards. Some of the servers are super friendly and some just seem like they want to punch you for keeping them so busy. But overall pretty decent service and decent timing. The food did take longer when it was busier. I think they have space next door for a few tables but it's tiny. I was wondering why people were coming in to use the bathroom and then would leave. I think it's only like 6 two-tops maybe?Parking is just a nightmare in this area so come early so you don't miss your reservation.
I LOVE LAMB!! Oh my goodness, the Taste of Persia was amazing. The lamb chops and chicken kabobs are my favorite -- so juicy and full of flavor. The grilled veggies and beef/lamb combo kabob were super on point as well! We also got the spring mix salad and it was filled with colorful fresh and crunchy veggies. I love how fresh and clean all their foods taste. Service was overall good but the food is really slow here. It took about 30+ minutes for our main dish to come out, so make sure you get order a quick appetizer! Also, as with most Middle Eastern cuisine, it's a bit pricier --- but you definitely pay for the quality. You can make reservations ahead of time, but for a Sunday lunch, there was plenty of seating available.
Had dinner with my wife there last night. We've been here numerous times. We always have great experience here. Food always on points. We usually order the Taste of Persia (chicken, beef, kofta, and veggies kabobs, and rice). It easily feed 2 people with big appetite (like us) with some left over (which is very good reheated).We usually get seated on a 2 seats table in front of the fireplace. It can be quite romantic if you're on a date (according to my wife of course). I recommend making reservation on Friday and weekend tho they have squeeze us in without. Parking around the area is difficult so plan ahead.Service is always on point. Restaurant is always clean. Top quality ingredients. Reasonable price. We love Lavash. Can't wait until we get our next Persian craving... until then... Cheers!
This is another review that is long overdue, but here goes...I went here with my family this past Mother's Day. The restaurant is located in a decent area of SF on Irving Street. We made reservations in advance and when we got there the place was pretty busy. As you walk in, you'll notice that the place is quite small and not very roomy. However, you shouldn't let that stop you from dining here. Pros:+ Prompt and friendly service: we were seated quickly and were brought waters and menus immediately. Our food and drinks arrived quickly as well.+ Delicious food and plentiful servings+ Authenticity: one of just a few Persian restaurants I've been to that serves lavash the right way -- with greens, nuts and cheese+ The prices are reasonable for the serving size and quality of the food.My only reason for not giving five stars is the size, as it can be quite cramped to the point that it's almost claustrophobic. But it's still worth the trip.4 stars
I didn't think the food was that great. Not very flavorful and chicken kebab was overcooked.Baklava was good, as was the vermicelli sorbet.
Lavash had been on my radar for quite a while after one of my friends of Persian ethnicity recommended this to me. Given that the place isn't huge and offers one of those rare ethnic cuisine experiences (I had never been to a Persian place before and I don't think there are many in the city), it's not very easy to find a spot here without reserving in advance or waiting for a while. But if you are like me and eat food at odd times of the day, you shouldn't have any trouble. I ended up going to Lavash at 3pm on a saturday and got one of those amazingly cozy corner tables with sofa-style seats (I think there is a name for it, but it escapes my unsophisticated mind at the moment). Going by the ambiance, Lavash seems like a great place for a date.Not only was the ambiance good, the food was also delightful, managing to unlock secret taste buds in my mouth that I never knew existed. I got the vegetarian Adas Polo, which is basically a skewer of grilled vegetables (bell peppers, mushroom, zucchini etc) on a bed of basmati rice mixed with lentils and dates. Rich flavors, freshly prepared. Yum! I also got the House Doogh, which was a refreshing spiced yogurt drink that seemed like the Persian equivalent of the Indian 'Chaas'. Great taste and ambiance come at a price though. Understandably, our party of 4 got around a $100 bill. Pricey, but not too pricey for the ambiance and taste. Didn't I tell you before that this was a good date spot?
I've recommended this place to friends too many times, and accompanied way too many of them, to give it anything less than 5 stars. Typically for 2 people we get:- dolma & eggplant for appetizers- Lavash special to share - bottle of red wine - Malbec maybe?- chochlava (chocolate baklava)They will also bring out some salad with soft flatbread for free to get your stomach into the mood.The whole meal is fantastic, including the grilled tomatoes, the flatbread underneath the meats to soak in the juices, and the rice with a saffron heart. Getting hungry just remembering it.If you're feeling adventurous, try some of their crazier desserts, like that rose-water ice thing with lime (?)Wait staff are quick and friendly, and will point you in the right direction if you are indecisive.The atmosphere is nice and makes the cut for a date spot, although totally fine for a friendly hangout too.My only complaint is about booking reservations over the phone, their lines are always busy, and if you manage to get through, you might get placed on hold repeatedly 5 min at a time. Ah well, the food greeeeatly outweighs this, and perhaps is the root cause :PP.S. Can't go wrong with additional lamb chops for additional people. Oh man.. That lamb...
Makes me want to travel to Tehran! The food was incredible and so was the service and the ambience. Absolutely perfect. I'm vegetarian and had enough delicious options. My husband had the salmon skewer which was amazing.
food is good but they are not very professional. We made reservation for a large group, they took our reservation early part of the day. Later in the afternoon when most places are booked they called to cancel on us and said sorry we have to accommodate other smaller groups. Basically when they got enough reservation and they didn't need us there any more they didn't care to how they are impacting us, they simply cancelled. Never seen any restaurant do that.. And they are not kid friendly.
I've been here for lunch a few times. The starters are delicious, main courses good, the joojeh kabob is definitely what to go for, chicken is very juicy. Service a bit meh at times but definitely a good place, I would definitely recommend it.
There's two phrases I try to use sparingly when writing Yelp reviews: "orgasmic" and "hidden gem."Well, I'm going to use both here to describe Lavash.The "hidden gem" one might be more apropos because one of my favorite dishes here is the vegetarian zereshk polo aka "jeweled rice." I had no idea that vegetables could be so...juicy. Of course, my review should be taken with a grain a salt as I have very little experience with Middle Eastern food (taste-wise, it's very different from what I am used to, which is East Asian cuisine). But what I love about this and all the other dishes at Lavash are that the flavors are so intense--there's sweet, sour, savory, and smoky (from the grill), oftentimes all in one bite. It tastes like the rainbow--which is also what the zereshk polo looks like when it's first presented to you! The koobideh (minced beef/lamb sausage) with basmati rice is also another favorite. I am not exaggerating in the least when I say this is the most tender, most juicy meat I've ever had (UPDATE: besides at French Laundry). You will also wonder how on earth could a grilled tomato taste so good. The portions of this one are huge but at the same time, the food is so good you won't want to share it.For dessert, I recommend their handmade baklava (the best in the Sunset, hands down) and their pistachio saffron rose water gelato (yeah, it's as good as it sounds). I could eat that rose gelato every day. Speaking of rose, they also serve excellent rose mint tea. The service deserves extra mentioning as well...every time I come here, we've been treated extremely well. One time in particular was very meaningful as we came in a large group and didn't make reservations (it was our first time and we naively thought the restaurant wasn't popular). The restaurant allowed us to use their "take out" section next door that has a couple tables and bar stools. Even though they could have forced us to just sit in one table and leave another small table out for other customers, they reserved the entire room for us so we could have our privacy, which was just incredibly kind of them. We got to meet the owner and thank her and I could see how much her staff loved her too. Lavash should top any and all lists of best restaurants in San Francisco. It represents the city well with its quality of food and service and is the #1 place I like to take people who are from out-of-town and want a special and memorable meal.
I mean... its' alright. I'm from DC and you can get the same quality, same tasting delicious Persian food for a lot less of a price. I love Persian food and I would say that this is in line with some of the better places, but it's just overpriced for what you get, in my opinion. The ambiance is nice, though.
The service was good and the food yummy. I brought an Iranian friend there for her birthday and she approved!
The food at Lavash has a lot of potential, and in general the ambiance of this place is quite pleasant (goodlooking wait staff really helps the ambiance). Actually I really want to give this place 4-stars, but I just can't make myself do it.We were a group of four, and I think we had a nice selection of dishes. The things I really liked: kashk-e bademjan (eggplant app), aash-e reshteh (noodle soup), and the joojeh (chicken skewer- really delicious).Everything else we ordered was just OK to me- maybe slightly above average: koobideh (lamb/beef skewer- lil' underseasoned maybe?), barg (overcooked and underseasoned), zereshk polo (chicken jeweled rice), kollet, etc.The food has real potential, but in general we just found the food to be good, not great. Also the service is a wee bit slow.Maybe they were having an off day- we'll probably try them again soon.
Checked this place out because I was Spending the day exploring Golden Gate Park. Didn't have a reservation but they accommodated us with no problem. You get the fancy restaurant feel with the intimate environment, two page menu and quiet respectful servers and staff. It is on the pricier side with meals starting at around $15 but it's not everywhere you can get Persian type food. Got the beef lamb kabobs and would recommend it, just warning there are beef burps to come, not gross though. Also wrapped the meat in the bread that it was served on. Delicious bread that also came with the appetiZer plate they serve everyone. The tiger shrimp plate was okay, not too much flavor there even with the lemon, but the rice was different not too plain so would recommend that if you're not too adventurous and like shrimp.
This week we went to this place nothing really impressed me I ordered shah kabob which is one skewer koobide and one skewer shishlik. I had a bit of koobide and honestly taste not good to me at all so I didn't touch it and the shishlik was just ok. For the appetizers we got kutlet and addas soup which wasn't my favorite but our server was really nice.
In every big city in the US, you can find a great Persian restaurant. For San Francisco, Lavash is the place. It's a cozy, warm and tiny restaurant conveniently located in the inner Sunset.1- Service and waitresses: 5/5. 2- Food 4.5/5. Tried kebab, pomegranate chicken, lamb chops with saffron rice; all were delicious and top-notch.3- Ice cream, dessert and Persian tea 5/5. 4- Ambience: 4/5 Midnight in Paris-ish
Very cute place, kinda of small but most san Fran restaurants are. Has a very middle eastern vibe which i love. Food was good there shish kabobs was delicious . Lamp was not so great. But service and atmosphere made up for it . Will make shore to come back.
It's all about the fresh ingredients here. The feta cheese app is super tasty and the kabobs are spot on. Must haves are -jeweled rice, soooooo good-koobideh -tadig, if you like crispy rice and stew
Fabulous, one of the best food I had this year.I highly recommand.
Wonderful menu, amazing service. Delicious food, so excited about the corner store that opened next to it. You can now buy the tea and coffee they serve along with lavash, jams and spices.
This was our first visit here. We came here in a group of 5 (which means that they would add an automatic 20% gratuity to our bill) for lunch.PARKING: 6/10. It is street parking so it is as good as it would get in city of San Francisco. We found a parking a couple of blocks away. It wasn't a metered space so we didn't mind the walk.AMBIANCE: 7/10. It certainly gives you a nice feel with the seating closer to the wall has pillows with seats. The seating, though, could get a bit cramped, but I guess that is normal for any such restaurant in the city. The noise level is not that bad.FOOD: 6.5/10. It felt a bit overpriced to the kind of food that we were served. We ordered Veggie Kebab, Beef Kebab, Chicken and Fish Kebab with Rice for main course. We were served "Lavash" (the square pieces of naan lookalike with mint leaves, cilantro leaves and fresh tomatoes and cucumber). The main course was served with Basmati rice with saffron drizzle. The lunch was really upper mediocre at best but the real treat was the dessert. They had Baclava and choclava - a pastry with a divine sweet filling. It was so good that we ordered seconds.Overall, it was an ok experience but the bill was a bit too steep for the food experience we had. But then again, I would think that they would have to offset the city location expenses by the pricing. So, decent place to try, for sure.
Best Persian food in the city! If you haven't tried Persian food here are some tips:Appetizer:Kashke-badejoon (egg plant dip)Masta-MousirMain Dish: Koobideh (grounded beef + lamb) Joojeh (chicken)Side Notes:Make sure you make reservationsThis place is small!
This restaurant is tiny - so it fills up quickly. I've always appreciated the dim lighting and the romantic fireplace here which further adds to the intimate and warm atmosphere at Lavash.The service at Lavash can be a little stiff, but I've enjoyed every meal that I've had here.I usually order the salmon kabab as well as the beef and lamb kabab - a la carte. Typically they come with lavash bread and rice, but it you're trying to avoid carbs - just get them as a side. Also - a complimentary plate of cucumbers, mint, feta cheese, tomatoes, and lavash comes before your meal- so if you're looking for some greens to accompany your dishes - you may want to stick to the Lavash Salad or an alternate appetizer rather than the Green Salad.The traditional and chocolate Baklava here are both made in the East Bay and look beautiful. I have yet to try them here, but if I was to order dessert I would recommend trying one of them. Though at $6.00 for a substantial slice of each - they're not exactly cheap.Trust.
Truly the best authentic tastic persian you'll have anywhere. The atmosphere is beyond clean, very modern, and the service is impeccable.
One of the best Persian Food I have ever had. Everything was great and perfect. A must try. Coming back again.
Horrible customer service ! I used to go this place because the foods here are decent. But, the experience tonight with the host made me decide not to go this place at all. I made an reservation thru yelp service, seatme.com. Initially, I changed the reservation since I had to change the number of parties but I managed to finally make a reservation for 5 people and even got an confirmation email. I screen captured the email in case. On top of it . I received an text via my phone confirming that I have the reservation saved for me at 8 pm . However, when I checked in the front desk, the lady who appears to he the owner said we don't have an reservation. When I showed the text and the email to her, she had the guy who seems to be the hostess to talk to me . And I just couldn't believe the attitude he had when I was trying to show the proof of the reservation. He basically blamed me that it's my fault that I change the reservation before I got the final reservation . So, am I getting only one chance to make an reservation according to his theory ? Then he was blaming the yelp not having a good software system . The funny part is that they don't even have an iPad or computer system to log in the customers who reserved the tables . When he was checked the reservations, he was looking at this phone that is broken and hardly can see .. What a joke ! I don't really care how great the foods are because in San Francisco , it's not only about the cuisine itself anymore.
Food was amazing! I had the Kashj-e Bademjam, Sabzi Panir, Prawn Kabob, and Faloodeh and Baghlava for dessert. OMG! Great service, great food and amazing dessert. Fresh, flavorful and just simply delicious!
We're not from SF and my girl and I were passing through for a day and were craving some Koobideh. After some research we honed down our choices to this place and maykadeh. Maykadeh is definitely more expensive and based on the reviews not as good. We got the taste of Persia combo of koobideh joojeh and barg. Now in San Diego where I'm from there are some good Persian places but nothing like this. The koobideh was perfectly seasoned and was very juicy. Joojeh great as well but that's not too hard to make right. Now the barg and the rice I had an issue with. The barg was sort of tasteless and the rice I had on my plate for some reason was undercooked unlike my girls rice. The service could have been warmer too. She walked up and right away asked if we were ready without an introduction or a how are you or anything I typically don't expect that from a Persian restaurant anyway but they seemed like more of a high class place and thought would be a bit warmer. Overall I highly recommend this place. Order the koobideh and the Joojeh for sure. MAKE A RESO.
Came here for dinner, did not have to wait long for a table for two. The place did fill up by the time our food arrived, though, so it wouldn't hurt to make reservations. Ordered joojen, lamb jeweled rice and bastani for dessert. They bring out a little salad appetizer to enjoy before the main course. The food was outstanding. Very flavorful and a bit exotic with all of that saffron going on around. I am drooling over my lamb dish right now. The bastani ice cream was very intriguing, too. A combination of flavors that you do not expect to find in ice cream. The overall atmosphere is very cozy and romantic and the service is great!
The food was lovely. This review is about the establishment's attitude. Our party was 5 young women. To start, we requested 2 orders of the sabzi paneer, which we had seen on someone else's table - and believe me, it's not very large. The waiter insisted we'd just need 1 to share. We appreciated the suggestion but said no thanks, we'll take two. We joked about being very hungry. He scoffed and challenged us again -- not in a nice way, making us feel as if we were overeating or doing something wrong. [Keep in mind, couples were sharing 1 serving; why wouldn't 5 people share 2?]. When waiter returned with the 2 orders of sabzi paneer, he said, "Seriously, you guys are the first group ever to get 2 orders of this" and laughed snidely. I'm not sure what the implication was. Are women not entitled to decent appetites? Of course, 2 orders of something costs more than 1, and it's a restaurant's job to make money, so insults clearly trumped business sense in this situation. Keep in mind gratuity was included because we were 5 people, so that didn't help us any.Next we decided it would be nice if our sabzi paneer had some olive oil as a garnish. When we requested it, waiter said "Well it's not served that way, but fine." I'm not saying he's wrong. But cut the attitude and do your job! And with all due respect, I highly doubt that drizzling some olive oil over fresh herbs, feta cheese, walnuts, and other such Mediterranean delights (the components of the sabzi paneer) amounts to the blasphemy of, say, putting ketchup on fine ravioli. Just a hunch.Towards the end of our meal, a woman (hostess/owner?) told us we needed to leave our table soon to make room for a 7:30 reservation. We left shortly after. At this point, one friend lingered to use the bathroom. While she was waiting on line, the same woman confronted her, saying the restroom was only for customers. When my friend said she had indeed just been a customer, the woman resisted! Not until my friend pointed out exactly where she had been sitting was her presence on the bathroom line accepted. Keep in mind, this is a tight, cozy space with fewer than 15 tables -- and the woman had JUST handed us our check.The food was good but trust me, not nearly good enough to justify such rudeness. Go somewhere else.
My boyfriend and I arrived at this restaurant around 7:30pm without a reservation and the restaurant was full. The woman at the counter said we'd have to wait 45mins to 1hr. I decided to discuss the situation with my boyfriend outside.I come back inside 2minutes after deciding we're willing to wait. We figured, a combination of driving to another restaurant plus trying to find parking in busy SF is going to take almost the same amount of time.The woman at the counter then tells me they won't have any opening within 2hours. I was surprised because she just told me that we'd have to wait 45mins to 1hr. We came in at 7:30. Then she said they won't have anything available until after 9:20 which by then they're practically closing. I said thank you and left. The situation would have been okay with me but how she spoke to me and how she handled the situation left a bad taste. First impressions are important. Yelp food pics look good but we're not willing to spend our money on this lousy place. We headed to Anar and the food was great.
I was not happy with the food. The koobideh kebob was greasy. The lavash bread was not authentic lavash and the service was not good.
Salam! Chotori?You have to walk away from the random hustle and bustle on Irving to find this tucked away in the cornaaaa. I've been here twice and both dinners were 6 out of 5 stars. Most recently it was a chilly day in SF aka 60 degrees with Karl moving in on the city. They had a fire going and my friend and I were seated next to the flames of hell, no problem cause he's Saudi and I'm Pakistani we got this. Hungry as f, we ordered two soups, one lentil the other one was a special Iranian soup which was wayyyyyy better. Let the Pakistani and Indians take care of lentils! The special soup had mixed veg and some noodles and it was thick with some type of spinach i believe. We also ordered the Lavash Special, this thing is awesome it fed two guys pretty well. All the kabobs in it were amazing and da juicy ya know. I love Persian rice more than Basmati, they put some type of crack in it. Service is awesome, prices are normal, and the waitresses are :O : D 8 ). They is bootifuls.
Delicious food!! The place is neat, but really small. Service is excellent, although the prices are a bit high. Still, you're paying for quality and won't feel any remorse after you've finished your meal.I highly recommend their kashk e bodomjoon, Mast o maseer, and joojeh kabob
Beautiful settingWonderful flavorful fresh foodLovely staff and service its small but very atmospheric. Not greasy dishes are amazingGo go go
Lavash strikes me as a little pricey, and way too dimly lit, but the quality of the food and service more than make up for that. The meats were incredibly flavorful and tender, and the portions were generous. Our waiter was fantastic - very friendly and attentive, but never overbearingly so. We were also celebrating a friend's birthday and hadn't told him in advance, but he inferred it after seeing me give her a package and brought out a bit of tiramisu at the end of the meal to surprise her! Overall, I found everything very fresh and delicious, and because of the great service, I'm more than willing to come back another time.
I really enjoyed this cute little restaurant, the food and service were fantastic and the place has a really romantic, intimate vibe with candles lit all around and flowers at the entrance. The service especially was really fantastic, I forget the name of the gentleman who served us but he was hands down one of the friendliest, most helpful wait staff I have come across anywhere. We ordered the kashk-e-bademjan (eggplant dip) which was delicious, and were also given some complimentary lavash with mint, cucumbers, tomato and peynir which went really well with the eggplant. For entrees we ordered the two jeweled rice dishes, they were definitely well prepared but I wish we had ordered a stew and one pilaf instead as the "adas polo" and "zereshk polo" were both still a bit on the dry side for me. The meat itself in the dish was tender enough, but would have preferred something with a gravy base. But great food regardless, the pilaf especially was perfectly done and very flavorful.I would go back to this place regularly if I lived in SF.
Really good place to chill and eat good food . Friendly staff . Food tastes amazing . Portions were good . I thought it would be a larger place but they have like 10-12 table . But it's well organized . Cozy and friendly . The food was put together well . Classy as u say . I can't complain. It was nice time and good food . Price was ok too for being in SF .
Awesome service... Food is really tasty... My favorite appetizer is the eggplant dip idk how they call it but yeah 100% you guys should try... For main dish we ordered taste of Persia which is so so good...
Excellent persian food!
TL;DR?? Great Persian/Iranian food! For a foodie who does not eat non-Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, Japanese foods frequently, Lavash does a great job in keeping the ethnic food authentic while welcoming new customers to their delicious cuisine.Food Quality, Service, Location, Ambiance: APrices: CN.B. Get ready to burn a HOLE in your wallets ay caramba. Today, I had a luncheon meeting with my P.I. and mentor. Arriving at the restaurant around 11:30AM, there was barely anyone inside. I saw my P.I. sat in the corner and joined her. We decided to order the appetizers:Sabzi Panir ($9): B - fresh herbs, feta cheese, cucumber, tomatoes, walnuts, & grapes served with Lavash bread. Refreshing light appetizer! Basically you put whatever ingredients you want inside your Lavash bread and enjoy. Aka equivalent of fajita hahaKashk- e Bademjan ($8): A - seasoned roasted eggplant, garnished with sun-dried yogurt sauteed onion, roasted garlic, mint flakes & saffron. Definitely a delicious pasting. It looks unusual at first (like a gross chili cheese mixture) but it tastes absolutely divine! Dolma ($8): A - mix of ground beef, rice, split peas & herbs wrapped in grape leaves. This tasted delicious similar to Asian meats and sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves. Definitely did not taste carnivorous at all and was very aromatic with its herbs. Comes in 4 pieces.For entrees, I ordered the Koobideh ($16): A - two skewers of mixed ground beef & lamb with saffron seasoning. For mixed meat, this was delicious! The plate came out in a beautiful presentation with Lavash bread underneath the rice and meat skewers. It was sprinkled with onions and greens and had a grilled tomato as well. My P.I. got the Adas Polo ($18) and the chicken was also very tender infused with Iranian spices and herbs. My mentor got the lamb skewers although I cannot recall its name. The lamb however was also very tender and not gamey at all! I've had lamb from Costco and the quality at Lavash is definitely on a whole better level.For dessert, my mentor ordered the Faloodeh ($6.50): B- - rose water noodle frost sorbet served with fresh lime juice. We thought we were going to get a tangible dessert for the three of us to share but what came out was a margarita cup with the noodle frost sorbet. It was very unusual? Even my Bulgarian mentor was surprised (and she loves this stuff), it came with a lemon and lime juice and we were perplexed about pouring it all over the rose water noodles so we didn't. We ended up not finishing the whole dessert, oh phooey! Located in Inner Sunset, finding parking was tricky. Try to find street parking somewhere around the blocks (I got extremely lucky). Ambiance was great although I faced the outside windows most of the time. We were mainly served by a young male employee. He always came to check on us and refilled our waters. Awesome service, thank you! HOWEVER the bill came and our P.I. fought us to pay for it. I glanced at the bill and it came out to be $103 TOTAL. ONE HUNDRED AND THREE DOLLARS. WHAT?! I mean this food was good but it wasn't sprinkled with GOLD! Geez I am in shock. This restaurant did not give me a fancy vibe at all but their prices seem to reflect some discrepancy....Wow but given that we ordered 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, and 1 dessert I guess I can see how it is $90? I am still in disbelief, this was only lunch! Big thanks to my P.I. and Mentor!
This is a very tiny restaurant so even with a reservation there is a wait time.I suggest ordering their mast mousir it's homemade!
Our reservation was delayed....no, worries a table and a couple chairs on the sidewalk and we started with some wine.....it was a great evening too, No fog or wind!Small and quaint space and not to noisy. The staff was uber helpful and willing to accommodate our group of five!The food was so good! WE had a bit of everything! The beef was delicious, the eggplant smokey and smooth and the stew was full of flavor! The rice came with a little heart on it, so sweet!We needed more Lavash, no problem we got more! The lavender ice cream was so good!I'll be back soon! Cheers!
3 stars for the food, 1 for the service, so a total score of 2. We ordered several kabobs and one of the jeweled rices. The jeweled rice was so delicious: dates and cinnamon made it sweet and the chicken in it was moist. The kebabs were OK: the beef and veggie ones were dry, and the chicken kebab was good but not as good as the chicken in the jeweled rice. Service was bizarrely bad. After being seated, we waited nearly an hour for our food! No one acknowledged this. No sorry, no explanation. There was also this strange moment when one of the waitresses took our beverages away, somewhat angrily said she was refilling them when we looked at her all puzzled, then came back with them unfilled and said, "Sorry I misunderstood. I thought you wanted refills." Um, OK, that's not making us feel good about being here. I'd come back for the rice -- it's that delicious -- and to give them another chance. It's small and has a nice ambiance. Maybe they were having a really off night. But our dining experience was ruined by the wait and service.
Yelp doesn't let me review in Farsi. I feel discriminated against.  :(Lavash khelee khoob hast. Man baklave unjah kheiy doost daram. Take that, Yelp! Toh yek gooze bozorgh hastee!
Love this place, my favorite Persian restaurant in San Francisco. The atmosphere is also warm and good for small and larger groups.  We usually get one of the kabab combos with my husband, kashke bademjoon is also excellent!
Another jewel of a restaurant on Irving. Last night I came here for date night with the boyfriend and was really enamored by the setting, food and service. This is my first time trying Persian cuisine and after this experience it will not be my last! I wish I had caught our waiter's name but he was such a great host, not pushy but attentive and friendly, definitely made us feel at home. This place is tiny so reservations are recommended! We were able to be seated in a couple minutes even after showing up to our reservation a bit late. We came hungry... as should you if you visit this place. For drinks, they have an assortment of great teas. I got the Persian tea which comes with a side of some sugar rocks to sweeten as needed. My boyfriend got a Turkish Coffee, tiny cup full of flavor, though he said the wafer on the side might have been a bit stale. Appetizer was a must with all the tasty options. You are given a side of flatbread with feta cheese and plenty of mint, cilantro and tomatoes, great palate cleanser. We ordered the Dolmas - 4 yummy grape leaf wrapped goodness. Plenty of flavor topped off with a nice little kick of yogurt and berries. :) We wanted to try as much as possible so we opted for the Lavash Special for two. Amazing assortment of food and veggies and a small mountain of Basmati rice for each person. This is the recommended order I recommend eating your dishes... if you can help not eating everything at once. Squeeze that lime all of your meats.. just do it! - Shishlik Lamb Chops: Tender, juicy, goodness. Will have you licking the bone for sure. - Joojeh Chicken: This white meat is packed full of flavor :) great pair with the flatbread that the special is served on top of. - Koobideh Beef: Ground beef with meatloaf like consistency, again, great flavor. What I love about this place is the extra mint and herbs on the side that you can use at will to bring some extra flavors and textures to your meal. The special for two is a great option for first-timers looking to get a taste of everything, but it is definitely very filling! Romantic candlelight and wonderful Persian food. :) Bravo.
Now this is a city where you can get some kind of schwarma or kabob on any block downtown but if you're looking for some legit, authentic Persian food- its crazy hard to find. Enter Lavash, the teeny tiny gem hidden in the inner sunset. When it first opened, I was a bit skeptical but 2 years of going and counting, it's one of my favorite restaurants in the city. First, you're given a free appetizer of feta, tomatoes mint and flatbread. It's super simple but soooo tasty. Then the exciting options come up- tasty, moist skewers of marinated chicken, lamb and prawns. Not to mention their amazing stews. This place is a chill date night done right. If you're in the 'hood, I _highly_ recommend checking Lavash out!
Most disappointing experience ever at a Persian restaurant. Decided to drive all the way down to Shalizaar instead! So disrespectful.
Fresh and delicious! Good menu, nice selections for vegetarians. Cozy, clean restaurant, well staffed, good service. Complimentary salad with herbs was delicious. Will be back!
Best Persian food in the Bay Area. SO authentic it warms my soul through my stomach when I eat here. Ambiance is intimate and great for dates and groups. Staff is always friendly and welcoming. I have dined here dozens of times and have ALWAYS had a fantastic experience and a delicious meal. Highly recommended! My favorite restaurant in San Francisco! :)
Very good Persian food. Best in the city I've had so far. Wouldn't recommend the baklava which wasn't very good.
Yum! Had the chicken kebab, prawn kebab, lamb chop and jeweled rice. It was tasty and meats were very fresh. The portion is a bit on the large size so sharing is definitely recommended.
By far my favorite Persian place in San Francisco. I love their Joojeh Kabob (chicken breast) and their Fesenjoon Stew. I grew up eating Persian food and this is a great place to make up for being away from Mom's cooking. I have also taken a lot of my friends here to introduce them to Persian Cuisine and everyone loves it. The service is great and the owners are SUPERB. I have catered from them before as well for a large party (50+ people) and everyone LOVED the food. I highly recommend this place. Remember to make reservations in advance, as this place is always jam packed!!! A+++++++++++++++++++++
Such a pleasant meal to change cuisines up a little from time to time. Ordered one appetizer, salad, and a Kabob main entree and there were still leftovers! Server was super attentive until departure. Ordered: Appetizer - Dolma: tasted like tamale wrapped ground beef. Salads - green salad: to be safe and dressing was superb! Main entree - JooJeh Kabob: exceeded my expectation. Chicken infused with a special curry-like sauce with the option of choosing thigh or breast meat or both. Did I mention their special rice was jaw dropping? Definitely a must try! :) P.S. Unlimited water refills.
Cute spot with good food. Downside is that it's tiny so you might have to wait a while for a table (we did even when calling ahead), but the server was nice and food was flavorful and well done.
I got kashk e bademojoon, it tasted perfect and koobideh which was good too. Classy and cozy Persian restaurant.
Came here on a Sunday with no reservation around 4 pm. At first they couldn't take us, then they could but only until 530. Stressed out blonde lady said we would have to leave by 5:30. Ordered our food, which was great!!!! We were done right before 5:30 paid and left. The weird part is the entire time we were there, there were at least 3 empty tables so I really dont know what the issue was. Will definitely go back for the food. The blonde lady might want to change her attitude towards customers as she came across that we were greatly inconveniencing her by showing up at her restaurant wanting a table.
my favorite persian/iranian restaurant in the bay area. amazing ghorma sabzi, koobideh, joojeh, and bastani. don't forget the tea! wonderful staff and very value priced for an amazing meal. quiant atmosphere. good for dates. left stuffed and happy.
This my favorite place to go when i feel to eat Persian food all dishes are perfect fresh and yammi! The only thing I don't like its too loud if you want quite place to enjoy the food probably its not good place to go.
5 star to the service and faloohdeh desert. The apppetizers and veggi kabab was a total disappointment. The olace is nice with the ambiance.
Excellent food and service. The crew at Lavash is super friendly and accommodating. I've become a regular and would prefer to keep this gem under my hat, but they are deserving of the praise. Thank you, Lavash!
Beautiful ambiance and friendly helpful staff made the experience unique. Loved the little touches of creativity in their cuisine. Tea with fresh mint leaves, a variety of Bakhlava, not to mention the beautiful plate presentation. Food was yummy.Of the 3 ladies that were working that night, one of them could use a lesson or two on proper demeanor and etiquette in a restaurant, however, the other two made up for her shortcomings.
It's a good small restaurant . The food is good. Service is decent.I have been there several times and will go there in future.It's a bit on expensive side - with a glass of wine expect around 50$ for 2.
Really loved it here. It is so cute and quaint with candles and dim lighting. Me and my date got seated immediately on a Friday night and basically got the best seat in the house! Score!Service was a bit slow to start but we ordered a bottle of wine and they brought out their complimentary appetizer- lavash bread, feta and some veggies.We ordered the Kashk-e Bademjan and Soltani combo (1 skewer of Barg, 1 skewer of Koobideh). The Kashk-e Bademjan was pretty darn good. I'm a sucker for eggplant so it was right up my alley. The entree combo was delicious. I was really impressed with the rice and the grilled tomato. We ordered the Sweet Special for dessert. Pistachio ice cream and roasted almond brittle. YUM! I would definitely come back here again :)
I really wanted to like this place. I haven't had real Persian food like the kind in socal in a long time. My gf and I tried to go here the previous night, but it was packed. No biggie. The next day we made reservations for 8:45. A little later than normal but this place is supposed to be legit. We get in right on time and it's packed , a good sign. Seated immediately as well. We ordered our drinks and appetizer (sabzi paneer). They come promptly but the waitress forgot to bring water. Okay sure. We order our main dishes, and they're out of lamb. I had been wanting lamb so badly and they were out, not a good sign. We press on, and it takes a little too long to get our food. Other tables who came after us who ordered similar dishes received their food before us, too! Also we were interrupted by the waitress taking a photo of another group of guests through our table, very awkward moment.The food comes and I am disappointed to say the least. The chicken lacked the citrusy punch that's common in Persian cuisine, and everything had a faint taste of gas, like the grill was too high or not set right. My gf had the zeresht polo, which she has discussed in another review here, but it was flavorless and not really jeweled outside of a few pomegranate seeds haphazardly thrown on the plate. Oh at this point we received our waters, only after I asked.Very disappointed we get through a little more of the food and decide to ask for the dessert menu. We asked for baklava and were told it wasn't available. A Persian place not having baklava? That's like a Persian place running out of lamb! Oh wait...Anyway, we order the Turkish coffee, telling each other that this is the make or break for the restaurant. It was... Not good. My gf likened it to the coffee you get on Emirates airlines. It was a little watery and lacked the punch of Turkish coffee. And then the bill came and it was just under 100, for a meal we were both disappointed in. I rarely will take a place to task like this but it felt necessary in this case. I'll try this place again maybe 6months down the line to see if there's any improvement.
I really wanted to give more than one star but I can't. Cold rice, dry meat, Joje kebab was burned and tasteless salad. Compare to other persian restaurants this is by far the worst persian restaurant in SF!
Delicious delicious delicious! The chicken stew with walnut/pomegranate sauce was incredible & the lamb/beef & chicken skewers were wonderful & juicy. The staff was friendly, attentive & professional. We will be back!
My favorite restaurant in the world. Too bad I live approximately 3,000 miles away. My sister used to live a few blocks from this place, and I'd always make her take me here whenever I visited SF. The servers are so friendly, and the place itself has a very nice atmosphere - well-decorated, dimly lit, just a nice environment. I always get the pomegranate chicken dish. With a glass or two (or three) of sangria. My mouth is literally watering. Dear Lavash, please move to Boston.
Stopped in for lunch on a Sunday and got a table right away. We had the sabzi panir which was simple, fresh, and amazing. It had a great mix of fresh herbs, tomatoes, cucumbers, feta, walnuts, and grapes served with plenty of bread. I highly recommend it as an appetizer or to share or even a meal for one (it was a very generous serving).The mains we ordered were the veggie kabob and the joojeh (chicken kabobs). They were both enormous and served with lots of bismati rice and served on bread. The chicken was perfectly spiced and moist. The veggie kabob were colorful and were cooked perfectly.We couldn't stop talking about how much we liked the food. We will definitely be back to try the other dishes. And hopefully we will save enough room for the desserts which sound delicious.
I came here for a nice lunch with JQ and RF on a Saturday. Thankfully even though it was the weekend it wasn't busy and we were able to walk in without a reservation. We came a little early so that could be why; this restaurant is pretty small so it would fill up fast! The venue is pretty nice with one unisex bathroom. The staff was very friendly, but service was slow at times and sometimes it was difficult to get their attention when I needed something (such as a water refill).(Warning: my favourite Persian restaurant is Raffi's Place in Glendale so of course I compare every Persian restaurant I go to with Raffi's. So I will be making a lot of comparisons here :P)We were started off with a complimentary appetizer plate of cubed tomatoes, cubed cucumbers, cubed tofu pieces, herbs, and Lavash bread. I liked this place better than the one at Raffi's... but I do appreciate that Raffi's gives butter to eat with the bread. Of course I got the eggplant appetizer since I love the one at Raffi's, but the one here is completely different. It's called Kashk-e Bademjan: seasoned roasted eggplant, garnished with sundried yogurt, sauteed onion, roasted garlic, mint flakes and saffron. Comes spread out on a plate with the garnishes drizzled on top. It was delicious paired with the Lavash bread and the refreshing tomatoes and cucumbers and we devoured the entire plate before our entrees had a chance to make it to our table. (But I do prefer the eggplant dip at Raffi's as it is my favourite item there.)For our entrees, we shared the Lavash Special and added two extra pieces. The Lavash Special comes with two pieces of Shislik (lamb chops brushed with saffron seasoning, lime and spices) and we added an extra piece. It also comes with a skewer of Joojeh (chicken breast and thigh meat marinated in lime, olive oil and saffron seasoning), a skewer of Koobideh (mixed ground beef and lamb with saffron seasoning) and a skewer of vegetables. Since I love Koobideh, we got an extra skewer of that with our order. The Koobideh was good and I ate an entire skewer of it. I'm not a fan of lamb so Richard ate two pieces of Shislik, although I did try a bite of it and it's pretty good. I wasn't a fan of the Joojeh though and barely touched the vegetables :P But I did enjoy a piece of roasted tomato, yum.Overall we had an enjoyable lunch. Raffi's Place remains my favourite but Lavash is pretty good too :)
First time eating Persian food with a friend on Friday night 4/24. Service was good,food was great,just the table a little small. The outside looks big but the inside is quite small but very cozy. Will definitely go back!!!
I'd recommend a try - Persian food is uncommon and the place is very cozy, just a little slow/busy. Meats were delicious..veggies were an afterthought.
My Fiance took me here for my birthday dinner last week. We both LOVE Middle Eastern food and eat it all the time because my fiance is Armenian. So we were excited to try this place. Having never been here before we ordered the Lavash Salad and the Lavash Special Combo to share. I've got to say it was the best choice possible! We were both blown away. We ended the night with Turkish Coffee and Choclava, which was Amazing! It was the best Birthday dinner I'd had in a long time. We also got there early, around 6:00pm and completely beat the rush. I recommend it!
A must-try in the sunset! My first time here was for dinner and was my first time trying Persian food. I couldn't have asked for a better experience, especially as a vegetarian. The place is cozy with nice decor and their staff was all smiles. I got the Sabzi Panir for an appetizer and it came out very fresh. I enjoyed the combination of the herbs with new twists of grapes and walnuts (along with the cucumbers, tomatoes and feta) in the light lavash bread. Ordered the veggie kabob and really enjoyed it. Surprisingly very filling! Had everything with a bottle of red wine and it paired really well with the food. I've come back a second time, for lunch, and had another great experience. Had the veggie kabob again, still great. Might be a small place and get crowded easily, but worth it if you plan it out!
the food is ok. The wafer that came with the Turkish coffee was stale. A different kind of wafer that came with dessert was also stale. The Turkish coffee wasn't as strong as I remembered from other restaurants.
ACT1 : HumiliationI had the same experience some couples are having in Lavash when I went there without reservation. Owner lady said to give us a table in 45 minutes, we sat on the bench right outside the restaurant. In the mean time I saw as many as 5-6 couples going inside and getting a table without my name being called. The strange thing is she didn't even ask my name for roll call. After 45 minutes, I went inside and enquired again, she pointed at a couple wrapping up their meals and said that shall be yours once done. To my surprise, she gave that seat to another couple and didn't even bother to call us waiting outside. We both felt very bad, I was wondering why she behaved like this and was there a racist motive to humiliate us. I was in no state to beg her for another table and quietly left off. She could have simply told about their reservation policy earlier, why make us wait in cold unnecessarily.Act2: RetributionHit where it hurts hard. My observation was that the owner lady is selfish and has no courtesy, the moment she sees a bigger party she ignores couples and people with kids. I decided to give them a call on Saturday morning and asked them to reserve a BIG 8-seater table right next to the fireplace at 8:00 PM as I was supposed to host a grand fictional anniversary party. I sounded pomp and asked her not to disappoint me. At 8:00 PM, while i was chilling on my house couch she gives me a call to enquire about whereabouts and I tell her to hold the seat as I am on the way. She calls back again at 8:15 this time bit frustrated and explains how I should not make them wait.....I say what goes around comes back around and explain her what she did to me. She has no words for me and gives no apology/explanation for the other day.After reading other similar reviews, looks she didn't seem to change.
We had lunch here the other day, and I have been to many Persian restaurants in southern California, Paris, etc. I had Zeresk Polo which in every place I've ever had it is grilled marinated chicken. The chicken was good, but was not grilled, nor marinated, was just regular chicken as you would get from Costco. There weren't any Iranians eating there, and that was a concern as to the authenticity of the cuisine. The kashk-e bademjan was excellent! The service was great, atmosphere was very pleasant. My friend and I had a pleasant lunch. It was her first time having Persian cuisne
The food here is awful the place is cramped food took forever, no service at all , oh now I see why no service, they automatically put 20% tip ($24 on our bill) and all she did was bring our food , did not come back to offer anything else or ask how everything was . The kabobs are pretty small compared to every other Persian place I've been to, rice seemed to be like instant rice out of box , I was looking forward to some legit Persian rice :(
We could not get seated due to using wheelchairs!I came in here today with my partner to enjoy a nice lunch. We both use wheelchairs but the restaurant was practically empty and as it was in the later part of the lunch hour we did not think it was likely to suddenly become crowded. However, the host found reasons why every table we would have liked to sit at (in various spots in the room) would not work for one or the other reason. She kept insisting there was only one table we could use which would clearly not fit two wheelchairs (and our chairs are not large) and had we sat there we would also have blocked the aisle. We have eaten in many restaurants of similar size (and much smaller ones as well) and configuration and rarely have difficulties getting seated. This seemed just like an artificially created problem and it was made even more disappointing as this was the second time this happened over the years. The last time the place had different furniture, so we thought it would be different now, but I guess the folks there are just really inflexible regarding accommodations. I wish they didn't claim here that they are wheelchair accessible which they really aren't with regard to their mindset. We then went on to eat at the tiny Pomelo where a really friendly host had no problems moving a table a bit so we could comfortably and easily eat there.
Wonderful place. When I first arrived, I noticed the nice decor and the place felt warm and comforting. It's not a very big place but the tables were placed in a way where you didn't feel too cramped. Now to the food. The food was absolutely delicious. They offer a complimentary plate of herbs, cucumbers, bread and cheese. For our starter we had the Tadig with Stew which was an interesting dish. I enjoyed the stew very much but realized that I'm not really a fan of crispy rice. Definitely worth a try though. For my main I ordered Joojeh, the chicken kabob plate. It was fabulous. The portion was generous and everything was cooked to perfection. For dessert I had the Baghlava and Makhloot which were delicious and sized to share. To end, I will add that the service was perfect as well. I can't wait to return!
This is probably the best Persian restaurant in the U.S. I can even claim that their food is as delicious as the top restaurants in Iran. I ordered Soltani and my wife ordered Koobideh with yogurt drink. There were both yummy and delicious. The kabob barg was tender and juicy. The rice was well cooked. We also ordered baklava with tea that tasted so good after the meal. If you are looking for good Persian food, this is definitely the place!
The service is so bad. The waitress ignored me when I came in. I said many times I want table for two. They are talking and laughing, and then serve me a tiny mini table. OMG, did you think I came here just for drinking? I need food!! I changed my seat to a larger table but the waitress did not came and did not even ask me am i ready or not. I waited for 7 min until one lady came. She cannot understand what I am saying. I asked her what else meat include in this dish and she cannot understand me. I was angry then but I controlled it. Do not come to this restaurant, it is waste of your money for sure. Bad, bad food. It is less food but high price. Yuck!!
Great atmosphere,great service, and amazing food, as always. I always recommend this place to people who really want to try true Persian food.
My husband and I very enjoyed our first try at Lavash. I live the decorations and atmosphere of Lavash. It is not a very big restaurant but cozy and intimate. We ordered a Lavash Special and it is a combination of roasted Lamb chops, beef and chicken with vegetables.The portion is really good for two people and it tasted delicious as well. The presentation of the foods are pretty, we all love the rice plates with the yellow heart. Services are excellent! The waiter and waitress are very polite, attentive, and helpful. We definitely come back!
koobidehkoo-bee-dahdoes that translate to absolute perfection? Because that's what my stomach tells me everytime I eat here. This is my go to spot whenever I'm craving Persian, which is quite frequently now. I've had it four times in 2 weeks and I'm still not tired of it!
good food and great service.meats were savory and moist, veggies were fresh, rice was flavorfulstaff as very attentive.the only thing i didnt like too much was the waitstaff had trouble explaining the beer selection...
Poor customer service...Our waitress didn't even bother to come around to ask if we need another glass of soda. The food wasn't good either!
Delicious food at very reasonable prices.Must make reservations it gets crazy crowded.Will come back soon!
Hands down, Lavash is the best Persian cuisine in SF. The owners add their personal touch to everything: from the fresh flowers to the warm ambiance - it's a perfect spot. The food is fantastic, they have a great wine selection, and overall it's a beautifully intimate and warm restaurant. Their reservation system could use some work, but I'm still a huge fan.
It was very disappointing when I asked for my 5 yr old to use the restroom before we came in. front desk person was extremely dismissive and with a bad attitude. we will never use the restaurant again.
Some of the best kebabs I've had!! Bf and I shared the Joojeh Soltani combo ($20), which had one Joojeh (chicken) skewer, one Koobideh (mixed ground beef & lamb) skewer, one half of roasted tomato, some raw onion slices, mint leaves, rice, and a lavash bread. The Joojeh was soo juicy and flavorful, and the Koobideh was also tender with a mild, spicy kick. BUT was it worth $20?? Honestly, no. We also got a Shiraz Salad ($5), which was diced cucumbers and tomatoes with a vinaigrette dressing. It was fresh, but the portion was small. Good for a small appetizer to share. All tables also get a small complimentary appetizer - lavash bread, diced tomatoes and cucumbers, herbs, and feta cheese. BUT, minus one star because the menu choices were limited and honestly quite expensive..! Also, the restaurant space is small, so some of the tables are a few inches from one another. Service was friendly, but food was VERY slow to come out. Overall, a cute dining experience and good for first-timers to try.. but I would not come back often.
Oh so good. Expensive, super expensive, but super yummy. We ordered the jeweled rice with lamb chops, and same rice with koobideh. The lamb chops were cooked to perfection and the koobideh was so very flavorful and juicy. The jeweled rice was great too, but if I must compare, Kamdesh in Oakland has better rice. Overall, I'd definitely come back if I'm in the area again. I couldn't speak for the service as I took the good to go, but the hostess at the front was very nice! I just wish the food wasn't sooooo expensive.
It took a few weeks, but I finally had to plug up the giant LA-shaped hole in my heart (er, stomach). Not many places to cop Persian cuisine in the City, but luckily I was referred to Lavash by a few locals. Westerners have really caught on to this type of bread recently. I grew up with it, so it's whatever to me. There are many other Persian breads that trump lavash easily.I thought it would be cute to ask a server if they carried sangak, even though the place is called lavash. I guess I'm not as funny as I thought I was. Oh, well. Lavash it is. The starter plate was nice, but was missing a few things like onions, parsley, and radishes. This can be forgiven, though. The koob' here is a mixture of beef and lamb, which was kinda-sorta new to me. Still, it was pretty tasty. Prices are comparable to Persian cuisine down south, but the portions were much, much smaller. Also, the rice did not taste as buttery as what I'm used to. The ghormeh sabzi tasted just like home, which was nostalgic for me. The house doogh was good, but in my opinion, needed more mint and more carbonation (if there was even any with which to begin). Still, the food was pretty tasty.I just wish they carried sangak :P
Horrible costumer service, ridiculously unprofessional. We were waiting for the table and they would not let us use the restroom. Honestly one of my most horrid experiences, did not eat their food but I will definitely never go back.
Ordered:Sabzi PanirKoobideh/JoojehThe sabzi panir was really kinda disappointing. The ingredients tasted fresh for sure, but I felt that it needed something wet to really put it together, like hummus or something (I fully accept any claims of cultural ignorance when I say this, but my sentiment stands). It was just dry dry dry.But I forgot all of that the second I had a taste of that koobideh. That was one of the most savory pieces of meat I've had, and the lightly seasoned rice was a perfect complement to it. The joojeh was mostly forgettable, but I have no idea if that's just because it was completely overshadowed by the koobideh. I think it was okay?Things are pretty pricy here, though, which is probably what would prevent me from coming back regularly. Great decor though, and would definitely have that koobideh again.
Easily one of the best Iranian restaurants I've been to.I love love love the kashk-e-bademjan (eggplant dip with Iranian cheese, dried mint, and deep-fried garlic) here. I feel that this is easily the best place to get kashk-e-bademjan in the city. Better than a few of the other Iranian places I've tried. The other things on the menu that are so delicious are the stews like the koobideh (minced lamb and beef kebabs), karafs (beef and celery stew) and the jeweled rice (basmati rice with lentils, raisins, dates, chicken and herbs). The service is always good and one of the favourite things about this place is they always give you a little starter of fresh herbs, cheese, tomato, and cucumber with lavash. The only problem is that my stomach can't accommodate more!Always a good place to stop by if you're en route to the de Young.
Omg! Their eggplant, yogurt cumber and chicken kabob was on point! I must go back again!
Wanted to treat my gf to a nice dinner last night, and decided to try lavash out. My first impression was that the place was warm and cozy. Unfortunately our appetites were kinda ruined after I noticed a caterpillar munching and crawling through our salad. My gf and I were clearly grossed out, and rightfully so. The waitress seemed disturbed and was apologetic, and offered up the excuse that the salads are organic. It was at this point that we should of left but we stayed anyway. We got the rest of our dinner, which was ok and probably would have enjoyed it more had I not seen a bug in our food earlier. When we got the check, I assumed that the waitress would have at least discounted our bill or not charged us for our drinks. Nope. Nothing. We even got charged for a small side of feta. I was compelled to not tip at all, but I chose to take the high road. I will not recommend this place unless you don't mind thoroughly checking your food for bugs, and for the simple fact that they will not go above and beyond to ensure your experience is a pleasurable one.
Service was pretty horrible and the food was not great. We came in a small party and nothing was good. I don't get why this restaurant has 4 stars. Annoyed.
Came here on a weekday at 7:45pm with reservations. There was no wait which was good because I was hungry! First time trying Persian food and it was good. We ordered the eggplant dip (highly recommend) if you like eggplants! We couldn't decide on which skewer to get so we just ordered the combination the taste of Persia. It came with a skewer of Barg (sliced beef), Joojeh (chicken breast), Koobideh (ground beef and lamb), and vegetables. We also ordered a side of prawns kabob. I liked the chicken breast it wasn't dry! I was afraid that the rice was too much but it actually wasn't. I also asked for more of the thin bread because it was yummy! We finished everything but was full! This was for a party of 3. The service was ok but could be better. I had to get their attention to fill up my glass of water a few times. Would come back if I was craving for healthy Persian food..
I must say, Lavash is my favorite Persian restaurant in San Francisco! The food here is absolutely delicious with such savory and decadent flavors! I've celebrated my birthday here before and have brought my family and friends on numerous occasions. The inside is very intimate and is such a special treat. I'm highly impressed with their cuisine/service and recommend their kashke bademjan & jeweled rice! I look forward to my next visit :)
Atmosphere-VERY NICE! Kind of romantic and dark!Customer Service-good.Cleanliness-good Food Overall-its ok....only OK, not good, not badMeat (koobideh and barg)-it was alright...they both had a slightly unpleasant kind of taste to the meat which both my husband and I did not like too much but we ate it still.Rice-def could be better!Overall-its just an OK place to eat persian food. I am Middle Eastern and I know whats really good food, this place is not the best place for persian food.
Background: Mediterrean restaurant on the strip of Irving restaurants.Details:Joojeh kabob - really delicious chicken kabob served with veggies and rice. I found the meat really juicy, flavorful and tasty. It didn't need any other extra salt or spices, but I did squeeze a whole lot of lemon on it though, which made it even better.Every table that comes in gets a complimentary appetizer of lavash, herbs, veggies and cheese. Super delicious!Dessert - I liked the tiramisu here. I'm sure they didn't make it, but still good. Also, the bak-la-va is DEE LICIOUS. really sweet, so count on sharing a piece or pairing it with coffee or tea. Dinner w/ wine and dessert will probably run you about $35, which I think is a good value considering how good the food is. Also, the ambiance is really nice and romantical. Definitely a good date place or a place to have girl's night. Verdict: Quickly became my favorite mediterrean restaurant in the city! I definitely love the food and ambiance here and have come back multiple times.
I liked it, my husband did not.I liked my eggplant appetizer and beef/lamb kabobs. My husband said his lentil soup was microwaved and not as good as old Jerusalem. Sangria was tasty. Large portions.Service was great, never a moment I was in need.The upshot of our date in a pretty romantic place is that I left gassier than I've ever been. This is not romantic. :(3.5 stars
one of the top persian restaurants of the area. special because they have the khoresh stews. bademjan: lean beef in grape/tomato sauce with eggplant. roasted eggplant very soft with a heavy tomato soup base.fesenjan: chicken with ground walnut in sour sweet pomegranate sauce, kind of like a oaxacan mole, muddy and dark. this one more on the sweet sidezereshk polo: tumeric chicken rice with barberries, raisins, onions. more tangy with the berries and less cumin.joojeh kabob: juicy chicken with lime, oil, saffron with the red pepper powder.appetizer with the bread, tomato, cucumber, mint. everything fresh and authentic. I would still prefer kabobs over the stews although everything tasted good.
The food is over-cooked, the price is over-priced. I don't think the food is good enough for this such price. Many waitress are talking, no one come and ask me for serving. They are may racist? The food in the picture seems large but actually it is not. I won't come here again, never!! This place ruined my evening. You expected more, disppointed more. Bad restaurant. Do not come here, it is not worthy.
I can't speak for the food, because we were seated with a menu and waited for 1/2-hour without being served before we decided to go elsewhere for lunch. I would have given two stars for the service and would consider coming back if someone checked in with us and at least gave us water. The atmosphere was very inviting, the food looked good, but you would expect better service for the price. Perhaps it was an off day, but if you care about service, you may not want to wait around here.
One of my favorite restaurants in SF.The Shishlik is awesome. For a year now it has been my only entree ordered there.And they have the best Baklava i have ever tasted.If i could give it 10 stars i would.
Stopped in here on a whim for a quick lunch with my husband. I loved the decor and ambience. There was no one else in the restaurant when we arrived. Maybe normal for the lunch crowd? I had the chicken kabobs which were very tasty. My husband had the eggplant stew which enjoyed very much but I did not try myself. We were in a bit of a hurry so didn't try any dessert but I would love to go back again when we have more time.
Little far from downtown SF. but the food is really good!
Lavash rocks it when it comes to dining experience. You only find this quality food in Iranian homes and not in restaurants. The service is great and the owner knows how to make the dining experience an unforgettable one. I took my pro-traveler friend there and she LOVED every single menu item at Lavash. She said among all the countries she traveled to and tried their food (and believe me she travels A LOT), this food was the best :)
We had the very delicately-flavored koobideh and barg skewers, jeweled rice, and rose petal tea at their dog-friendly outside table, serviced by a very attentive waiter. That was a wonderul meal.
They really tested my patience by taking almost 30 minutes to prepare my order. At the end, they gave me a really sweet baklava for free to make itup. I guess it was ok.
Lavash is a fantastic family-owned establishment that serves up some of the highest-quality Persian food I've had in a while. Although I'm not Persian, I grew up eating many of the items served here. The interior is eloquently decorated like an upscale summer cottage. A fireplace, wall paintings and plenty of flowers. At the same time, you're still integrated into the Inner Sunset with large open windows perfect for enjoying the outdoors from inside. You're initially served a platter of lavash, tomatoes, cucumber, feta cheese, and mint. Everything is undeniably fresh. A simple but delicious way to start out your meal. I got a chance to experience the following:- Kashk-e Bademjan ($6.50): Roasted eggplant, yogurt, onion, garlic, mint flakes and saffron. I'm typically not a fan of eggplant, but this is one of the few dishes I will devour. It's a fantastic mix of savory flavors that work well together but still maintain their distinct taste. Perfect for eating with the ton of lavash you get.- Kookoo sabzi ($6.50): Fresh herb quiche garnished with barberries. This is one dish I've actually never encountered, but was glad I did. It has a light earthy but savory taste to it. The texture is fluffy and it just melts in your mouth. The bowl of yogurt it comes with is a great way to balance out the flavors. - Koobideh ($15.95): Ground beef and lamb with saffron seasoning, served with rice, tomato, mint, onion, and lavash. I've had plenty of koobideh, but this is hands down the most delicious I've ever had. It is incredibly tender, moist, and marinated. When you cut it open, the lavash absorbs a lot of the juices and goes from a dry and bland flatbread to a flavor sponge. The rice is a bit bland but if you sprinkle a layer of sumac on top, it will be delicious. The portion is whopping, so you'll most likely end up taking half of the plate home. You might fall in love with it so much that you'll even order another one to take home on top of the one you didn't finish. Yes, it's a bit upscale. Yes, you can get similar dishes for half the price at hole in the wall Persian markets. Some things, however, are worth paying extra for. With their warm hospitality and delicious options, Lavash falls into that category.
I got the koobideh and it was one of the best kabobs I have ever had at any restaurant.
A Persian friend of mine told me that Lavash had the best Persian food in the city. There is no way I can evaluate that statement, as I am by no means a connoisseur of Persian food, but I will definitely tell you that the food is really, really tasty. The special cuisine combined with a classy ambience makes Lavash a great place to take a special someone for a romantic foodie adventure.The Kashk-e Bademjan (which I first ordered after consulting Yelp) is as amazing as all the reviewers have described. It has eggplant, cheese, garlic, and other ingredients that I don't really understand, served on flat Persian "bread." The jeweled rice contains nuts and dried fruits and is delightfully rustic and fresh. And the kebabs are really well grilled and tasty, a carnivore's dream.Advice: You will definitely want to make a reservation if you are coming here for dinner, as finding a table as a walk-in is a bit tough. I would definitely say that this is a $$$ restaurant and not $$, about $30-40 per person. There are a decent number of vegetarian options the menu, but I think the menu is a little stronger for meat eaters than vegetarians, having had both vegetarian and meat meals at Lavash. And wash your hands before you eat!
Great food and atmosphere. I will go back again and again.Pros: The food is delicious, portions are on the large side, you won't leave hungry. The staff is always nice.Cons: All meats are marinaded with dairy. They said they gave me some that weren't marinaded for my allergy. I took some Lactaid with it anyways just to be safe. I always do with new places. Second time when I asked for diary free dishes, they assured me that the ones I ordered were ok. 30 minutes later I found out they weren't. My stomach doesn't lie. So for all lactose intolerants out there, no matter what you order, take your pill.
Awesome service. Nice place to sit down and eat with Friends! Good food and ambience. Reasonable prices. You should try it atleast once if you are going to be in the neighbourhood.
This review is so overdue! I have been going to Lavash for years and it has been amazing from the very beginning and continues to be amazing today. The food is just sinful it's so good. My favesare their eggplant dish, the yogurt/shallots, mastmoosir, barg and the mahi kabobs. All delish! Great wine list! EXCELLENT customer service and a warm comfortable ambiance. You cannot go wrong here.
meal type :: saturday lunch{ OVERALL :: 5 stars }love this place{ FOOD }^ JOOJEH ^ :: 5/5 stars (chicken thigh kabob. you have an option of breast or thigh. chicken was juicy and had so much flavor. my favorite of the meal^ BARG ^ :: 4.5/5 stars (beef filet), good flavor, not over cooked^ KOOBIDEH ^ :: 4.75/5 stars, lol yes .75 cause it's better than the beef but not as good as the chicken ;-), probably the best koobideh i've ever had{ SERVICE :: 5 stars }staff was extremely attentive, but not overly so.{ ATMOSPHERE :: 4.5 stars }* cute/quaint place{ MISC }* street parking, sucks* portions are huge* prices are the same for lunch and dinner (seems more worth it for dinner)* waiter was a hottie and so was the guy i think is the owner's son? hubba hubba* hotties, great service and awesome food aside, i'd love to come back here for lunch or dinner if i can just find parking! it's a little far to uber it from dog patch.
I completely fell in love with Lavash from the moment I entered.  It was so cozy and elegant....from the fresh flowers everywhere to the warm glow of the fire, absolute heaven.  I had the adas polo rice dish which was a divine mix of flavors with saffron, cinnamon, dates and raisins. DE-LISH.  Add in rose tea and homemade gelato and cue the angels singing. Would not recommend this place for kids unless they are exceptionally well behaved.  It is more of a relaxing luncheon spot with friends or a date spot.
Great Persian restaurant in San Fran. Their kashk badenjan was yummy. The bread was alright, and their soltani was good also. Meat was of fair quality...the barg was alright but their koobideh was slightly oily.I really loved their makhloot (falooda and bastani mix). That was a really delicious falooda!! I would go back just for that!Location is a bit isolated though, they should open somewhere that is more near the hustle and bustle of downtown :)
If you are Persian and living nearby, you have to come here. Ok, so the "noone charb" (lavash soaked under the koobideh) is not as good as what you get in Iran, but did you ever think you'd find anything like it in the states? You do here!! The koobideh is delicious, the tahdig is oh so thick and crispy, and they have "Khoresh Bademjoon" (Eggplant stew), "Khoresh Karafs" (celery stew), or "Ghormeh sabzi" (herb stew) to serve with it. We chose eggplant stew for over the tahdig, and it was so yummy. I know when you get your tahdig, you just want to start eating right away, but be patient. Let the tahdig get softer as it soaks with the stew; trust me your patience will be rewarded with out-of-this-world yumminess!!couple things to remember though: this place is a little loud. Also, it's small so you absolutely HAVE TO make a reservation to make sure you'll get a table. Oh and get the saffron ice cream at the end! It's so close to what you get in Iran. It's not as stretchy as the traditional Persian ice cream, and doesn't have "khameh" in it, but it tastes so close to what I loved and always got in Iran!
Very good Iranian restaurant conveniently located walking distance from Golden Gate Park. The restaurant is small and reservation is recommended. My husband and I tried to call to reserve for the same day but they were already full. In order to be taken we had to go for an early dinner around 5pm and we were given a tiny table in the corner. Nice style and atmosphere. The place seemed popular and the food was great especially the eggplant cream appetizer.
I like the appeticers, green herbs (basil, cilantro, mint) with feta cheese, grapes an flat bread! uff crazy good.. My plate Adas Polo was good, but in my opinion little dry. The service was good and the price too.
The food was really amazing, and the restaurant has a warm, family ambiance.  Admittedly, I am not a connoisseur of Persian food, but I loved everything I tasted (I had an eggplant app, mint tea, and shared the Lavash combo), especially the koobideh. Service was pretty good, although some requests had to be repeated. Eager to return!
Best Persian food I've had in the city. Tastes (almost) as good as my Iranian boyfriends mothers cooking.
Came here for a friends birthday, left satisfied and curious about Persian cuisine. Its a bit pricey, but the food quality and taste is worth it. Just when I think I've written off eggplant for good, I come here and they've convinced me otherwise. I definitely recommend the Kashk-E Bademjan. Shared the Lavash Special with my boyfriend, and their chicken was cooked perfectly. So tender and juicy~! And get this - Lavash has Tiramisu. Its only one layer - but its decorated with fresh fruit and chocolate sauce. Tiramisu, in a Persian restaurant? Hell - since I've started Tiramisu Quest it was the FIRST Tiramisu that wasn't fake coffee cake. So props to them - it was damn good too.
Decent food. Try out the lamb kabob. (The chicken was too dry). The place is a bit expensive for a student.
This place rocks. Amazing food and stellar service. Try the combos - the wine selection is good too.
My girlfriend is Persian and she says this is the best Persian food in the city!
Came here for my Wife B-Day during lunch.Place : Nice place and decoration. However, it's a little cramping for large group.Price : A bit expensive for lunch priceService : Excellent servicesFood : The food is good, but nothing specialNotes : A Plus for taking a reservation.
Lavash has the best Persian Food in SF! I go there everytime I am in town!Try the Chicken Kabob & Mast Mousir!
So delicious! I've been here twice and really enjoyed it each time. The menu can be a little overwhelming if you're not familiar with the cuisine, but really you need to pick a few things, you can't go wrong. The Shishlik kabob is probably the best thing we had - such delicious, tender lamb. I also like the jeweled rice with little berries and raisins.
This is probably one of the best Mediterranean style restaurants in the city. I rate it a 5 on a number of criteria:1. Super cute and cozy atmosphere2. Food has wonderful. Salads are crisp and fresh. I had a chicken kebob and it was moist and juicy. All the vegetables were fresh. It really exceeded my expectations for a small neighborhood restaurant. It is highly packed - so might be a little loud. The staff are extremely inviting and friendly. They just make for a terrific dining in the hood.
I love everything about Lavash. Best food, friendly staff. Their soltani is the best. I also love their adas polo. I have never been disappointed.
I have never had Persian food before and now I'm an addict!!! Lavash was spectacular. The place was completely full on a Tuesday night at 9:30pm. The service was fabulous. The beautiful waitress helped my friend and I order because we have never had Persian food. Her suggestion to order the chicken kebab and add barberries to the rice was amazing. The portions are huge and now I have fabulous leftovers! The complementary feta, tomato, cucumber, cilantro, and bread plate was super yummy as well. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
Not a kid friendly place. They'll see you're with kids, they'll tell you they're all reserved for next hour or more. Kids are no longer in strollers... Not a chance if you actually have a stroller. We tried.
Lavash is clearly a neighborhood favorite - we could not get a table on Saturday evening, so we planned wisely and made a reservation for Sunday. The place is small and they will have to say "no" to you if they are full and you do not have a reservation (or the wait time will be very long). We were given a table by the window, which was nice. Their menu is a typical Persian fair with, as others noted, lots of lavash bread. We got kashk badamjan for an appetizer and were given a complimentary plate of vegetables with cheese. Their kashk portion was small, but! it tasted way better than what I have tried in NY before. For an entree we just had to order the Darya special (wink) - grilled shrimp and salmon with lots of vegetables. Really yummy, though shrimp were a bit overcooked. We also got dessert, makhloot, which was a combination of two of their special desserts and it was tangy and sweet. When we were about to leave we saw the owner toasting with the chef and waitresses another successful day - this was so nice to witness! Dinner at Lavash was my favorite meal during our stay in San Francisco and I hope to be back some day.
I would go here everyday! Superb service and awesome food. Best place to go on a date.
I'm very disappointed. I used to love coming here. The service was amazing. The food was amazing. Both have now dropped in quality big time. I always order the chicken kabob but the last two times the chicken tastes funky. I don't think it was fresh. I need to find a new favorite spot for Persian food
I though the place was okay. Not the spot to go to if you are super hungry, prices are expensive relative to the portion. However, as for quality you do get pretty good food! You do get a complementary appetizer which isn't much its just a few pieces of cheese topped with a lot of mint I wasn't too impressed!
Lavash really took me by surprise.... I never realized how delicious and comforting, Persian food can be until I ate here!Make sure you try the beef/lamb and the chicken over saffron rice. You'll be in for a treat! And to top it all off, get the pistachio cake for dessert with some tea! Booyah!
I have a few Persian relatives, so (excuse me while I toot my own horn), I know good Persian food. Toot, toot!This place does not let down. The service was good and the food was delicious.The meal started off with a free appetizer of lavash (Armenian flatbread), various greens (tarragon, mint), chunks of feta, and sliced cucumbers. It was light, refreshing, and delicious. I started off with the aash-e-reshteh (lentil and noodle soup); it was tasty, but could've done without the fried bits of garlic on top. The barg (beef filet) was tender and juicy and accompanied with a mound of saffron-speckled rice and a grilled tomato. My good-looking date opted for the salmon kebab, and I had to keep myself from slyly pilfering pieces of it. It was phenomenal. His lentil soup, to start, was also very tasty. We got a bottle of red to accompany the meal. Since we didn't finish it (blasphemous, I know), we wrapped it up to take home. What? There are sober kids in Africa!
I ordered the joohjeh (sp) which was way over priced. 1 small chicken skewer and rice 13 bucks. The eggplant dip, which was good but not great. No drinks. Ran $25. Not coming back here.
These folk are lovely to work with. I ordered pans of their Joojeh and Koobideh skewers and Lavash and Sumac to pick up and serve at my house for a middle eastern themed baby shower. They did a wonderful job putting it in pans, helping me figure out how much I'd want and best price arrangement etc. Everything was ready to go as planned, hot and fresh. I find I often crave an order of their Chicken Joojeh Skewers...it feels like "real food/Comfort food" even though it's reasonably good for you and healthy (Lean meat, rice, herbs a thin bread, what could be better?) It's my happy safe go to place.My only challenge with them is that I wish it was easier to park for pick up, or if they could maybe do a curbside run out of some type, but oh well..it's city life right? I try to wait for when I have someone who can do a run in while I circle the block.If you haven't tried this particular region of cooking, this is a wonderful place to start!
Came here with some out-of-town guests, and I'm not sure I would recommend Lavash for that kind of get-together, for a number of reasons:It's very small, and crowded, and it gets really loud. Also, the small number of tables means you don't feel terribly comfortable sitting and relaxing and catching up. As soon as you finish eating, it does seem like you're expected to jet.The food is fine, but not necessarily rave-worthy. As vegetarians, there were several things we could order. We got the bademjan vegetarian style and the adas polo with the skewer of vegetables. The adas polo was fine, but really quite dry and not very flavorful. The bademjan was much better; it had much more flavor and complexity-- and the eggplant in it was truly fantastic, melt-in-your-mouth-- but overall, it just wasn't the kind of place I'd seek out and actively try to return to. Which just isn't what you're looking for when you have guests from out of town coming in!
Delicious food! Definitely, craving worthy :)
Haven't had Persian/Iranian food before, but this place blew me away. Our waitress was absolutely amazing, helpful and thoughtful! She helped guide us through the dishes to make appropriate selections.Appetizers:Kashk-e Bademjan - 4/5. Wasn't sure what to expect seeing this as a recommended appetizer on yelp, but it was quite delicious. Roasted eggplant "mush" that was well seasoned and went well with the Lavash breadDolma - 2/5. Although quite interesting, this dish wasn't for me. For you non-Persian/Iranians, it's reminiscent to a sticky "fried rice" made from ground beef, rice, and split pea wrapped in grape leaves.Main:Lavash Special - 4/5- Shishlik: 5/5. Delicious lamb chops, seasoned well and cooked perfectly! There's no gamey lamb taste (which is a no-go for many folks), but this was not the case.- Joojeh: 4/5. Waitress gave us the option of breast/thigh meat, we went ahead with the thighs. Pretty tasty from the saffron marinate and not overcooked. - Koobideh: 3/5. Listed as a skewer of ground beef & lamb sausage, this resembles a longer/thicker breakfast sausage. Again, with the lamb - there was no gamey taste. There's a good seasoning, but my particular koobideh may have been a tad overcooked.
**TAKE-OUT**Since we had to deal with a family emergency... the sis suggested getting take out from this place so that none of the family had to cook. We ordered... for at least 10 people... the house smelled like onions... great... first taste of the Koobideh... wasn't a fan. I also became NOT a fan b/c they forgot to add grape seeds onto our order for our rice. The koobideh was just too much seasoning... it didn't taste the way I'm used to (got spoiled by Alborz). Overall... not a big fan. Probably won't be eating here... at all.
Worth a try for it is something new to me.I had experience with Israel and Arabian food, but never Iranian. You know I am very adventurous. And my boyfriend? After reading my last review describing him as "conservative and picky Chinese", he finally agreed to give it a try. So we drove here for dinner from the foggy Twin Peaks and spent more than 40 minutes searching the neighborhood for a parking lot. Extremely difficult for parking!My boyfriend and I had Kashk-e Bademjan for appetizer, Soup-e Adas and Bademjan.Soup-e Adas was great for such a chilly foggy evening. It reminded me of the beef & black bean soup in Forks and Gavel and the days back in Cornell. I always had the hot soup in snowy days for lunch, dipping bread into the soup. A cup is enough for me because Lavash offers free appetizer consisting of "lavash bread", perilla leaf, peppermint, caraway, cucumber, tamato, and goat cheese.Kashk-e Bademjan was a must-order if you seek novelty and strangeness. Very fulfilling.Bademjan was fulfilling as well. Dot be deceived by its unattractive appearance...
Great place for a quiet, intimate dinner. We didn't have reservations but they were able to accommodate us anyway. No complaints about the service. The eggplant appetizer was delicious! It's definitely a must try as well as the Persian or mint tea. Good luck settling on what to have for dessert, I wanted one of everything. We tried the mahkloot, which was light and refreshing. Will definitely come back to try everything else.
Honestly this place does not even deserve 1 star. Horrible customer service! We did not even eat here and I had the worst experience I've had at a restaurant. We were waiting for a table and they would not allow my husband to use the bathroom. We did not even know what was happening, we were waiting and they were allowing smaller parties to sit even thougg they were going to put those tables together for us. Two young unprofessional hosts that should be replaced.
I love this place. Great food, extremely friendly staff. I would come here more often if they weren't so small and busy!
Not impressed, maybe just didn't order the right things. Sabzi Panir for an appetizer is completely dull and underwhelming. Zereshk Polo was very good. Kabobs - ground beef and lamb - the meat is delicious, however that's the only good part of the entree. They come with about a half pound of plain rice and one small tomato. Will probably not return.
You really can't go wrong with any restaurant on Irving. This one however, is just exceptional. I've never really tried Persian food so I was quite wowed with their chicken kabob and eggplant/beef stew. Their chicken kabob is perfectly flavored and grilled? and really only requires that one tiny piece of lemon to give it the extra kick. Their eggplant/beef stew comes with a few fries on top, which reminds me of chili cheese fries but without the cheese and better. Next time, I'd like to try the stew with just eggplant since that was so amazing, although I'm not sure if they can quite make enough eggplants to make me happy.Ambiance, very comfortable classy and proper. Felt very at home without feeling like a sack of potatoes if that makes any sense. Classy decor as well.Fantastic restaurant, will definitely be back.
We made a reservation for 5 people and a 10 month old baby. Requested a high chair weeks in advance. We drove out from Danville. Came here and they had the high chair already used by someone else and were extremely rude. Can't comment on the food but looks like service isn't the best.
I've been eating Persian food my whole life, and trust me when I say this place hands down has the best Persian dishes in Bay Area! Great customer service, delicious food.
Being from LA, I've had plenty of persian food. So when visiting SF, we had to try Lavash. I'd give the food 5 stars!! I had the zereshk polo, which was amazing! It had a good amount of chicken and tons of barberries, 5 star! My friends got the Soltani and Joojeh, with the only complaint being the barg was a bit too dry. ... The service however, I'd probably give 3 stars. It was a busy night, but we were forgotten about several times for 15-20 minutes at a time. It would take 5 - 10 minutes to get a refill on water. If they can improve their service, this place would 5 star!! I would still recommend it tho since the food was so tasty!!!
This place is lovely. Went there on a date and the waitress dealt with our googly eyes and silly jokes very gracefully. Yeah, we were 'those' people. We got a bottle of wine, the eggplant appetizer, and a combo plate to share with barg and the very popular koobideh with rice and a house salad. Everything was absolutely delicious and the portions are large so we ended up taking a lot to go. Would love to come again. Oh and you'll need reservations because this place is busy (but not terribly loud inside because the crowd is a little older - @ least when I was there).
Best Persian food I have had outside of Iran! I love how cozy the restaurant is and the food has been consistently delicious over the years.
Decent Persian food. Ingredients were insanely fresh, but everything was definitely lacking flavor. Lavash Plate w/ Feta Cheese, Mint/Basil, & Tomatoes = Not much flavor here. Just tasted like raw cut-up vegetables.Lamb Chops = Nice char, but was lacking any strong, standout flavors.Barg (Beef) Skewer = Tender beef, but again, not much flavor.Koobiddeh Skewer = A bit more flavor here, but just wasn't memorable.They also forgot our Dolma, which they weren't even apologetic for.There were definitely parts of Lavash that I really enjoyed: nice ambiance, excellent rice, and noticeably fresh ingredients. The flavors, however, just weren't really there and the service was on the slow side. I love most Middle Eastern food, but Lavash just didn't do it for me, especially with all of the hype.
The food is great. The employees are sort of stuck-up even though they try really hard to be nice, sometimes they fail as the result of lack of sincerity. The appetizer is expensive but is totally worth getting since it's really yummy.
This restaurant is kind of small but I don't care... The food is soooo delicious!!! All the signature dishes never fail at satisfying my craving for Persian food...yum yum yumThe salad was unique and fresh, the beef and chicken were so moist.I didn't want to stop eating..mmmmm
The restaurant was small but I was surprised by its beautifully decorated interior. Caramel colored walls, wooden tables and chairs, and flowers made it a serene and cozy environment. The waitress seated us next to a hanging cage with jasmine flowers with that light, sweet aroma of summer nights.Cucumber yogurt salad (6.00): This was very refreshing and went very nicely with the complimentary wrap with mint, basil, cilantro, tomato and cumber. Koobideh (15.95) : The ground beef/lamb skewer was succulent juicy and perfect seasoned. This also paired well with the yogurt. The roasted tomatoes were tender and sweet. All the components of the dish were delicious. My cholesterol level must be going crazy from just one skewer; the portion is very large- you can share this between 2-3 people!Joojeh (12.95): Chicken had a tangy flavor but unfortunately it was overcooked and dry.Highly recommend, especially on a warm SF day!
This is my favorite restaurant in town! I've been here a lot over the last decade and never get tired of it. I have brought many other people that love Persian food (including other Persians) and they consistently agree this is some of the best Persian food they've had. Fesenjoon, gormasabzi, adas polo are amazing (I have no idea how to spell those foods). I wish the portions were larger for the price, but I like the family that runs it so much I don't want to dock them a star for that.
Cute intimate spot with delicious food and great, friendly service. Both my husband and I enjoyed every course from appetizers to desserts. By the time we were done both of us could barely breathe from over stuffing ourselves with all the mouthwatering food--but it was worth it. We'll definitely be back!
I came here for the first time after my friend had told me we needed to go. So, finally, we came! I got the veggie kabob, and the entire meal was deliciously pleasant. I enjoyed every part of the meal. I had no idea the servings were so big! Definitely worth it. I look forward to going back soon!
This is the best food I've had in awhile. I'm no expert in this cuisine, but it was delicious and I will definitely be back.
The food is amazing service is amazing everything about this place is good!Def. try that appetizer that comes with grapes feta cheese cucumber and flat bread, def try the salmon kabob and the sangria :) you won't regret it :)
So, the food is delicious. It's great, really. You should eat this stuff. Now, how you should get a hold of it, that's another thing altogether.The customer service, is non-existent. Reservations mean nothing, as they'll hand off you table to someone else even if your time is coming up. Water or a greeting, or any kind of initial contact once seated? When they feel like it. Order to go, and pick it up. Good food, just don't eat at the restaurant.
I am such a fan of Persian food and this place did not disappoint. We decided on this place around 3pm on a Saturday afternoon and got really lucky to be able to make a reservation for that evening. I would definitely suggest making a reservation before dining here to avoid a long wait because this is a small but cozy restaurant. I definitely appreciated being seated by the fireplace.The ambiance of this restaurant makes it a really nice date spot. The service is attentive and the food comes out fast.The kashk-e bademjan was SO good. It was my friend's first time trying this and he really liked the eggplant. We ordered the Lavash special. My favorite was the Joojeh. Chicken was seasoned so well and tasted delicision. The koobideh was good too but I wish they had chicken koobideh for added variety. The lamb was good but the flavor was a bit too overpowering for me. My friend really liked the lamb so I would recommend it!All in all, a great place. Definitely stop by here if you're in the area!
Lavash was truly a fine gastronomic experience. We dined here with friends on New Year's Eve and none of us walked out dissatisfied.We called them last minute to make a reservation for 7 people. And I guess Lavash being in the inner sunset was a blessing for us :) it's distance made it easy to get reservations on an evening when most restaurants were unavailable!We had our reservation changed to an earlier time slot. It wasn't an inconvenience because we had planned to get there earlier. But it would have been inconvenient otherwise.Here's why I am giving them 3 instead of 4 stars - when you take in reservation for 7, you need to ensure that there's atleast a one hand distance between each seat. We just felt like we were packed in our table like a sardine can.Out table ordered a mixing vegetarian and meat items. The food was a win win and everyone had clean plates by the end of the meal.I highly recommend the badenjan and their chicken and lamb kebab plate. By far, the best I have had in the Bay Area. Their wine selection is strictly okay. I would skip on getting alki here. Service was okay too. They had only 3 people to serve about in a packed restaurant. Hmm...deduct one star for that...Overall, good food. The rest is a-okay.
I think this is the best restaurant I have been to in San Francisco. The food blew my mind. Every single dish was amazing. I thought the persian food I had until now was good, but this is on an entirely different level.For an appetizer we ordered Sabzi Panir and also the yogurt that came with Lavash. I could barely believe that something so simple could taste so good. For an eggplant lover the Kashk-e Bademjan was also a must and absolutely amazing! When we thought it couldn't get any better theI Fesenjan came and this was the most exotic taste of all but so very delicious. The Kabobs was very good as well of course.For dessert I also got their Choclava which was again, the best Baghlava-type sweets I have ever had. If you haven't been yet, this is an absolute must!
The skewers have the most amazing flavors! Chicken, shrimp and salmon. I had the best dining experience. The wine selections are also superb!
This place is great! I've been here 3 times already, and I always leave wanting more. The food and service are great and djs restaurant is warm and inviting. Highly recommend this place!
Always packed so make a reservation! Their skewers are delicious, only reason I docked one star is because the rice they serve tends to be a little plain and dry, so sort of sauce or gravy would be nice.
This is such a nice, elegant, and fun place! I went with a couple of friends. It was in a pretty hectic location (Irving Street can be difficult parking-wise), but the setting inside definitely offsets what's outside. It's like one is entering a whole different world! We started by ordering the kashk-e bademjan appetizer. Delicious! It was the perfect blend of eggplant with the nice touch of the mint. It was such a delightful appetizer. They also gave us some fre herbs, feta cheese, tomato, walnuts, and some lavash bread which was also a nice touch. To drink, I'd recommend the cherry refresher. It's a lot sweeter than I thought it would be, but very delicious.We ordered the kabobs (the koobideh and the joojeh); along with the prawns kabob. They served it on top of more lavash bread, with a roasted tomato and some rice. The portions were large...and so delicious! The rice was very tasty--very buttery as well. It didn't taste like plain basmatic rice. I liked it all so much!The reason I'm taking off one star is because at times I felt a bit rushed by the workers here, as if they wanted us to go and it seemed to interfere with the whole experience. Overall, I would definitely return to this place! So yummy! :-) Very fun for some friends or even a romantic date night.
Wait time even with a last minute reservation was a little aggravating, however it was worth the wait for the food.We were sat in their new addition which is much quieter than the general dining area, actually preferred this spot because of the privacy and overall less roudyness.Will definitely be back.
Cute restaurant not too big though and can get crowed.Went here to celebrate my mom's birthday. Service was OK but food was tasty.
I discovered Lavash about 5 years ago and have been in love with it ever since. I tell all my friends and family about their amazing Persian dishes and always make it a point to take visitors there. The place is super small and over the years the wait for a table has gotten longer and longer so last week I made a reservation to take my new stud out to try it. Man was the customer service a load of crap. It looked like we were running a few minutes late so I called the restaurant to let them know we'd be about 5 minutes late. "No problem" the lady over the phone said. When we arrived it turned out we were only 2 minutes late so I gave them the reservation name and stood patiently in the cramped corner behind two fat chicks. 5 minutes goes by so I very politely asked the lady (blondish tall woman who I'm pretty sure is the owner) if we were up next since I had a reservation. "Yes but I'll need 5 minutes". Ok. No problem. We showed up 2 minutes late so I get it. Then she goes to call the couple waiting outside that their table is ready. Ok. Maybe they had a reservation before us. Then another 5 minutes goes by and I make eye contact with her so she says "Im just waiting for the couple over there to wrap up then that tables yours". Ok. No problem. The couple gets up to leave and the table is quickly cleaned up then all of a sudden I look over and the two fat chicks are sitting at the table. The owner woman is bustling back and forth around the restaurant and I try to make eye contact with her and notice that she's purposefully avoiding me. After another few minutes I ask the other employees if that was supposed to be our table. Looking guilty, they point to the owner. So I go over to the owner and ask "Excuse me but did you just give our table away?" She looks over at the table and says "Uhhhh". So I notice an empty table by the window to which my guy and I (who's 6'6) would be more comfortable anyway so I ask her "can we just take that empty table over there?" To which she replies "no that table is reserved". Uhhh what the fuck did I make a reservation for then? Rather than being upfront with me and telling me that we just got moved to the bottom of the list for no reason this woman wasted about 20 minutes of our time when we could've just gone somewhere else instead of leaving us starving. She didn't even apologize or show any remorse for the inconvenience. After years of coming here and dropping AT LEAST $100 each time I'm seriously disappointed in the owners and their ability to properly manage their tiny space. Would rather spend my $100 somewhere they actually value customers since it seems Lavash has outgrown me.
Love this place! Keep coming back delicious food. Friendly waitstaff They honor your reservation!
Of Armenian origin, Lavash means "good food". Lavash not only serves "'good' food", it serves some BOMB ASS good food...Ever since Lavash opened its doors in 2007, I've been wanting to try it but it quickly fell off my radar. While trying to work off our Yelp bookmarks, my friend and I found that we both had Lavash bookmarked, so it became our next target. On Tuesday, 5.10.11, my friends and I (party of 4) arrived at Lavash for our 7 PM reservations and were promptly seated despite there being a blunder with our reservations (they had us down as canceled). F O O D / W I N E:This was my 1st time having Persian food, but I love Greek and Mediterranean food which is very similar; i.e. grilled meats seasoned with dry spices. There were only house wines available by the glass, so I ordered a glass of the House Pinot Noir ($7.50/glass). The pour was generous and the medium-bodied, bright fruit flavors with a slight acidity went perfectly with my rich, full-flavored meal. *COMPLIMENTARY LAVASH PLATE: A GREAT START!yelp.com/biz_photos/MnGeTogether, the fresh lavash and the accompanying feta cheese, fresh mint and basil, cucumbers and succulent tomatoes created the perfect balance of creamy, salty and tangy with crisp, tangy freshness. *YOGURT SALAD ($3.95): A MUST ORDER!yelp.com/biz_photos/MnGeI'm all about different flavor profiles and the yogurt salad was the perfect dipping sauce for the meat. While helping to balance some of the richness, the yogurt gave a fresh layer of creamy tangyness. *DOLMA (4 for $7.50): The BEST Dolma EVER!yelp.com/biz_photos/MnGeServed warm, the dolma was generously filled with the savory beef and rice mixture. Balancing the richness of the beef was the tangy grape leaf while a dallop of the yogurt sauce gave it layer of creaminess and different tangy flavor component. Unlike, other dolmas I've had, this was mainly filled with beef which I appreciated.*SOLTANI COMBO PLATE ($21.95) - Barg and Koobideh w/ Basmati Rice & Roasted Tomatoes ($21.95): MOUTH-WATERING!yelp.com/biz_photos/MnGeAtop a sheet of fresh, flakey lavash bread was a skewer of filet mignon (barg), ground beef & lamb (koobideh), a generous mound of fragrant basmati rice with 2 roasted tomato halves and raw onions. The koobideh was AMAZING! It was rich, succulent, and full of flavor with a hint of herbaceousness from the spices. The lamb added a hint of gaminess to differentiate it from just being ground beef. Although flavorful, the barg was a whole different story. It was sliced which drained out all its natural juices making it very tough and chewy. It tasted more like a improperly cooked sirloin steak than a filet mignon. For both meats, a dip into the yogurt salad added that punch of creamy tangyness while the sprinkle of sumac added a layer of tartness to give you that contrasting flavor profiles.The accompanying basmati rice was perfectly cooked to an al-dente and the perfect canvas to the flavorful meats. The tender and plump roasted tomatoes and the crisp raw onions completed the entire dish giving it a ray of sunshine. *MAKHLOOT - Half Bastani/Half Faloodeh ($6.95): OMG, SOOOO GOOD!yelp.com/biz_photos/MnGeThe bastani, a Persian gelato with rose water, pistachio and saffron was seamlessly rich and creamy with a fragrant sweet floral flavor and a nuttiness from the crunchy pistachios. The faloodeh, rosewater sorbet noodles added a brightness to a dish with a light citrus flavor while adding a delicate crunchiness to the creamy gelato. The bastani and the faloodeh were like a Ying and Yang that worked in perfect harmony together. S E R V I C E:The staff at Lavash treats you like one of their family members with their friendly, hospitable and very attentive nature. They were quick to take our orders, food was brought out in a timely fashion, and our water glasses were filled like clock-work. However as they got busy, you had to flag a member of the staff if you wanted something which was understandable. A M B I A N C E / D  C O R:Like a cozy Mediterranean home, Lavash had a very welcoming and intimate feel to it with its mustard hued walls, fireplace and flickering candles. Tables are quite close with each other and the dining quarter was smaller than I imagined it, so it's more of a place for a party of 2-4. P A R K I N G:Street parking is a hit or miss but do allow yourself extra time as it's located in an area with other neighboring restaurants.Lavash is a welcome change to the plethora of Asian restaurants in the Inner Sunset area. If you have a hankering to tickle your taste buds, this neighborhood gem will definitely take you on a culinary Middle-Eastern journey!
Got the meat plate for 2 and the fish plate for 2.  Wife had the house made doogh. Best Persian aim the Bay Area. Tight seating. Family run feeling -- great staff.
Fresh, flavorful, good quality food. That's what you get here at Lavash.Their complimentary plate is a great starter! It includes lavash bread, tomatoes, cucumbers, feta cheese, and fresh herbs (basil, cilantro, tarragon). Everything is fresh and light, so you don't fill up easily before your main entrees. The yogurt salad pairs nicely with this appetizer plate.I've only had their kabobs or combination dishes. Lavash also serves some stews, which I've sampled, but I wouldn't order them for myself because I'm personally not a stew-type of person. But I love their Lavash Special for Two because you get to sample so many of their larger kabob dishes. The combo includes two pieces of Shishlik (lamb chops), one skewer of Joojeh (chicken), one skewer of Koobideh (ground beef and lamb), and a skewer of vegetables. It also comes with two large sides of fragrant Basmati rice. The chicken was the only disappointment because I found it rather dry. However, the ground beef/lamb was very juicy and delicious and the pork chops, although very tiny, were great as well. The veggie skewer included red, yellow, green bell peppers, onion, and tomato and was a little burnt at some parts, but nevertheless, very good. In addition to all the fresh herbs they put on all the dishes, I think saffron is the real winner than makes everything at Lavash so amazing!The service is extremely friendly and attentive, especially when the place empty; it's a bit less attentive when the place is packed. Once, I came with a friend and she had to ask for ice nearly four times. The ambiance is beautiful and has a welcoming feel to it. On warm days, they may put out a small outdoor seating table.
We found a green worm from the herbs. I understand that it proves that they use organic produce, and the owner explained that even though they wash, sometimes they just stick to leaves quite well, and I appreciate the explanation and apology right away. However, I also felt some sandy things while chewing those herbs. So I think they didn't thoroughly washed their vegetables. I used to like this place but I would not crave for it for a while.
Went there 3 times : salads are perfect, coffee amazing and meat under pomegranate sauce is something we never tried before!! Will show this place to our friends!!
My dining partner and I were originally looking into a dinner spot on Sunday, he mentioned that he would like to have Persian/Iranian food, specifically roasted or grilled lamb chop. I always wanted to try Lavash, so I thought it'd be a great place for the occasion. When I called them up to book a table, they said they would have a private dinner that evening, but they also told us that they serve the same menu for lunch! I personally love when places do that, just makes me happy that I get to try their full menu during the day time.We wanted to try their appetizers, but 2 items we were interested in were not available at the time at the time as they just had opened. (Those were their stews and potatoes with beef patties)Since we weren't starving, we decided to skip the starters.Food:The Lavash Plates (for two):This plate comes with everything that has been recommended. Two chops of shishlik, two skewers of kubideh, veggie kebabs and joojeh. Everything was sooo good! they were tender, flavorful and just delicious.I had to have an order of Baklava, and it was also great (hard to go wrong with it).I personally loved their yogurt soda, but I know many people hate it which makes me hesitant to recommend it.I'd totally go back to this place to try more.
Lavash serves reliably tasty food in a family-friendly atmosphere. It's a great spot to enjoy a high quality meal in a relaxed, yet classy atmosphere. Service is always extremely warm and responsive. As I discovered this holiday season, Lavash is also often open around holidays when many restaurants are closed (e.g., Black Friday and New Year's Day). The meat dishes here are excellent, particularly the koobideh (skewers of succulent mixed ground beef and lamb with safron seasoning) and the shishlik (tender lamb chops cooked with saffron, lime, and spices), and vegetarians will enjoy the vegetarian bademjan khoresh (roasted eggplant stew with unripe grapes in savory tomato sauce). We were worried that our toddler would not eat much, but he gobbled up plenty of the complimentary lavash, cheese, and cucumbers to allay our concerns. To top it off, the dessert menu offers a range of tempting options for both the unadventurous (e.g., tiramisu or choclava) to diners seeking unique desserts (e.g., the rose water gelato or rose water noodle frost sorbet). The wine list is reasonably priced and does a fine job complementing the cuisine.
Easily our favorite place in the City for Persian food. The wait staff is super courteous, the atmosphere is quaint, and the food is consistently amazing. Don't even bother with the other Persian places around town. Worth the price and huge portions too!
I love Persian food. After living in LA for 5 years and growing up in the East Bay I'm used to having more of a selection. Given that this is one of about four Persian places in SF. Food is good, portions are normal (little bigger than average) prices are steep. Service is horrible. Extremely entitled. Side note. I've been in the industry for over 15 years (fine dining) the last thing I expect is someone to cater to my child. I Came in with my son who's one year old. He was sleeping and stopped in for lunch. I informed the server upon arriving that of my son woke I would need a high chair. (Hospitality 101) halfway threw the meal my son woke up. Had him on my lap for at least 10 min before I decided to have my food packed to go. (No offer if high chair) why not ask? I had already asked for water, I ordered the tadig and the maust. Only the tadig came. I had to ask for the maust 1/2 through the tadig. He forgot to order because he put order in computer. I was tired of asking for things. To make it worse the server then hands me a to go box and expects me to pack it myself while holding a child. (He had taken my stroller, put in back and forgot) food is good, way overpriced. $9 for Maust . $17-$21 for entree lunch prices.
This place is absolutely delicious - great service and ambience, while the food is incredibly flavorful and seems very authentic. My fiance and I had made a reservation and when we arrived, there was a table available for us but it was right near the door, where you would feel the chilly breeze come in whenever someone went inside/outside. So we decided to wait and the hostess sweetly and thoughtfully gave us a free house wine each while we waited for a table to open up.While I can't remember what we ate, everything was faultless and I definitely will come back - servings were huge so next time I'll try to come with more people so we can share more food among us. Minus one point for the end of the evening - despite being stuffed, we wanted to eat dessert but then a weird smell (it seriously smelled like doggie do) wafted in from somewhere in the restaurant, which was a real turnoff. Not sure what it was but it got us to leave fairly quickly.
This place is super delicious. I mean you really can not go wrong with Persian food but this place takes it to a whole new level. The ambiance of the place is calm and cool. You can enjoy a nice glass of red wine with some of the finest Persian meats! The best part is that they put the food on a layer of thin bread, so at the end of the meal, all the juices are being soaked up by it and it becomes yet another dish - kind of like the gift that keeps on giving. You must come here.
This is an average 4 star review. The place is small, but the spices fill the air with a wonderful aroma. We were walk ins on a Friday night and the place was packed. We were barely able to get a table for 2 but we felt special because after we put our name on the list they turned away every walk in from that point on. Barely made the cut. What this place does is fresh ingredients, flavorful meats and something new if you've never eaten Persian food. Most of the dishes are heavy in vegetables so if you were expecting large meat dishes you might be disappointed. They give you a complimentary plate of veggies, lavash bread and feta cheese to munch on while you wait for food. The small restaurant makes it so you have to be close to the people you are with which creates an intimate atmosphere which I enjoyed on my date with the girlfriend. We ordered an appetizer which was a spinach thing with yogurt sauce. It was tasty but nothing extraordinary. We then got the lavash special that comes with all sorts of skewers. Lamb, chicken, beef and vegetable. The vegetable one was essentially cutting up quarters of any average skewer veggie and putting it on a stick. It was hard to eat and way too big. I would have rather had bigger portions of meat and less tomato and pepper. Probably two whole tomatos and a whole pepper on one skewer. The lamb was fantastic. Seasoned well and had a good kick with the lime provided. The chicken was also tender and flavorful. The ground beef kabob was also good as well, my girl did not care for it too much. We also got a cherry refresher to wash it all down and you can probably skip that. Overall the restaurant had a good vibe for an intimate date and the food was tasty. Some would argue it's overpriced but all Persian food you eat out is. Might as well get a nice restaurant dishing out the food. Overall good food and options but if you don't really like veggies you may find your options limited.
If you like Persian food, this is as good as it gets! First, the food: The Rose Tea: Wow, there is something so fragrant and delicate about the tea... I felt like I was in a secret garden. Then, the Fesenjen. It was simply well-balanced and perfect. Not too sour, not too sweet, just the right amount of walnuts. I have tried other Persian restaurants since and was not able to find that perfect balance. Second, the atmosphere: It's a small little restaurant and decorated to make you feel like you are eating a wonderful dinner at someone's home. Warm and full of flowers. Given the food and the atmosphere, what's not to like about this place? As far as I am concerned, it's the next best thing to home-cooked Persian food.
Love this place. The best all around Persian restaurant in San Francisco (and yes, I'm Persian, so you take my words for it). This place is small, but I held 14 people lunches there too! So if you call and book in advance, you will be fine. I would generally recommend this place for a late lunch in weekends (1-2 pm) if you want to have a good, fun ambiance (Iranians eat late). The food is delicious. They have great Kabobs. I am fan of Kabob Barg although they supposedly have delicious Kabob Koobideh as well. You can ask for salad instead of rice if you are watching that beautiful body! ;) The service is good and servers are really nice. If you are not Iranian, definitely try "doogh" (is a drink made of yogurt), and some "tadig with stew" for appetizer.Was this review...?
Is Lavash the best Persian food ever? No, I will save that title for my mom. Is Lavash the best Persian food in SF? Yes probably. I do like Alborz on Van Ness Ave for different reasons, in my heart of hearts they tie between them as best SF Persian food. I would also like to mention that Persian cuisine is very gluten-free friendly and sometimes vegetarian friendly too, Lavash was both of these things I only wish the menus were more clearly marked. If you are not sure, just ask the server as they were very helpful. Lavash feels like you are at someone's home, they don't have a ton of room to seat many people and the service was pretty good. The food is more like a fusion between Northern Iranian cuisine and Southern Iranian cuisine, things like rose petals in doogh (salty yogurt drink normally with mint) are not my favorite but it is nice to see something different. I ordered the Adas Polo which was a perfect choice for a foggy, cold Fall in SF night. I have never had it served with chicken already off the bone, I totally liked that they had this option. So nice! The koo koo sabzi appetizer (vegetarian egg herb fritta-like dish) was good but I like it when it has walnut added, which was lacking. I need to come back and try the joojay kabob soon.I knocked off one start for the distance to Lavash. Are we still in SF?
I tried. Too bad Persian food just isn't really my type even though I asked for all the authentic recommendations.For instance, the strong (aka authentic) herb-y taste of the Persian noodle soup reminded me of those nasty Chinese oriental medicine soup my parents use to force feed me when I was a sickly toddler.However, nice little restaurant and friendly service.
What a great and fun meal my friend and I had at Lavash today. We shared two dishes that were new to us, Koobideh and Fesenjan. We each also had a great drink they call Refresh. We loved everything.The waiter was helpful, friendly and attentive.I can't wait for my next trip to San Francisco and Lavash!
Felt like an old persian movie star. The sexy slow music, the fresh flowers everywhere u looked and high quality food gives this place a special place in heart.
The food action probably rated a 4.5, but the staff was awesome and the place has a really cozy warm feel that kicks it up that half-notch. Glad I made a reservation since we were seated immediately even though we saw people doing walk-ins standing in the drizzle. Not the biggest eatery, so I can see why I've had issues trying to book for parties of eight.We started off with kotlet, which were two really tender patties of potato and ground beef on a bed of fresh herbs and lettuce. Not exactly the texture and consistency I expected from a meaty pie, but it was tasty and reminded me of Japanese korokke. Every table also gets a platter of lightly toasted lavash squares with a cube of feta, a pile of onions, fresh herbs, and tomatoes. Fun to pick at while you wait for the food!For center ring food, we went with the Lavash special, which was two pieces of saffron'd and lime'd lamb choplets, a skewer of beef, a skewer of chicken thigh, and one skewer of vegetables. This was all on more lavash, so it was really soaking up all the meat juices. Big platters of pilaf drizzled with butter finish it off. Definitely want to come back to try out the fesenjan.
Just left Lavash & experienced the WORSE service. We took a day trip here to SF & decided to give Lavash a shot after reading the reviews (which we know now are TOTALLY over rated). We are foodies & especially love Persian food so we were looking forward to some good food. We placed our orders.. we both chose the SAME dish.. JOOJEH (chicken) & Koobideh (beef & lamb) COMBOS. The waitress asked how we'd like our chicken, white (breast) or dark (thigh). We BOTH chose white meat. We did enjoy our feta w/lavash & herbs and Kashkeh (eggplant) appetizer while we waited for our food to arrive. Another waitress arrived w/our plates w/chicken only, NO Koobideh. We were both puzzled & notified her that we ordered the combo. Our original waitress came over to our table & looked confused.. she told my bf that we ordered two chicken plates. He reminded her of our order & that he actually even said the name of the plate on their menu AND mentioned KOOBIDEH AND JOOJEH. She proceeded to tell him, "well we have a special name here for that". REALLY? Not sure why she felt the need to be rude, but ok. Pretty interesting because we KNOW you initially understood our order by the way you repeated it back to us. Did I mention my bf IS MIDDLE EASTERN himself? He KNOWS what the dishes are called and how to pronounce them. She walked away.... and get this.. when she came back, she STILL only brought us ONE order of Koobideh!! How CLEAR did we have to be? We pretty much lost the rest of our appetite there. Oh, AND we had to ask for more water from the other waitress (which se brought) because ours never came back to check on us.. seemed like our waitress didn't like that very much (it was the ONLY thing we were drinking & or glasses had been empty for a good while) & decided to bring us a whole pitcher of water & squeezed it on our already packed small table. Was that really necessary? She made us feel as if we were bothering her (NO one else had this water pitcher on their tables). Overall it was such an uncomfortable & horrible experience. We left w/most of our food on our plates. Sad to even have to pay & be treated in such an insulting way. Management was well aware (they were all standing at the register & kept looking over at us) of the continuous mistakes yet never even bothered to come a few feet over to our table to apologize or anything.. not even when we went up to the register to pay (which we shouldn't have had to do in a RESTAURANT right?.. we weren't at a fast food place, were we?). We weren't looking for a free meal or anything, but the meals we DID order would have been nice. Besides the terrible service we both agree that the food was bland & the chicken was super dry. Do they even use saffron? Looked more like they go the cheaper route & use mustard due to the way it stained our Lavash. Either way.. we will NOT be returning to Lavash.. EVER.
Excellent food. Best Persian food I've ever had. Good wine. $50 a person with ample food wine and tip.
Can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. Jeebus!Ok so this place is DA BOMB. IMHO, it's one of the top 5 best food spots in the city and for someone visiting SF for a day, or even enough time for just one meal!The koobideh and barg are to die for. Seriously the best Persian food I have ever had. Don't forget to sprinkle some sumac (the spice) over the rice. Maybe get yourself an order of the cucumber yogurt too. Oh, and their wine selection isn't bad too! I had one of their sweeter whites (muscat maybe?) and a syrah - both were good, and I'm picky about my wines. If you don't like wine, try their Persian tea. Free refills and also very good (tastes similar to English Breakfast tea).For those who like sweet/salty mixes... the fesenjan is a chicken cooked in pomegranate. Not really my style, but pretty good from what I hear.For dessert, DO NOT MISS THE CHOCLAVA. They often run out of this delicious chocolate version of the baghlava, and that is definitely to die for. Pair it with the best turkish coffee I have ever had.Basically there isn't really anything I don't like here. Food is superb and homemade, and the people who work there are nice. Oh, by the way, don't forget that reservation... you'll be needing it.
It was definitely what people raved about. The food was indeed delish. The servers were courteous and the place is nicely decorated with a clean bathroom. It does get packed so if you're super hungry you may need to reconsider the wait.
An awesome place for a perfect evening. This place is small, interesting and intimate. Ideal for an evening you're looking forward to spend with that friend of yours for a very long time. Try their Persian tea, very refreshing and flavorful. All the dishes looked really delicious, though we could try only a few. Sabzi Paneer and Kashk-e Bademjan were very well enough to share among four of us along with a bowl of Aas-e Reshteh. The soup was excellent with distinct favors uniquely blended. Their Kabobs were delicious and well portioned. We ordered two Adas Polos, it was my favorite. You'd love it if you like raisins and dates (Persian food!). Finally, baghlava and Bastani for deserts, were amazing but a little portions for six dollars each. The staff were incredibly nice, got us a table within ten minutes though we didn't have a reservation. Highly recommend to make a reservation if you dot wanna miss out on this great place. Waiter was very nice and courteous. We had an amazing time! Definitely going back next time I'm in town!
Preface: Im persian.Love this place! Beats any other persian spot in the city. Love the cozy casual ambiance. Such cute interior decorations, unlike most other persian restaurants. The non-Kabab fishes here are undeniably good, so stray from the stereotypical Persian Kabab rut and widen your horizons!Their gem id say is the Adass polo. Holy moly. I've not even had adass polo this good IN IRAN. Also their ghormeh sabzi really hits the spot, and I love getting it as a side over their tahdig. The fesenjoon is MASSIVELY popular, I'm just not a fesenjoon fan. The gheymeh & gheymeh bad enjoin are also delicious. In the end whatever you order, definitely get kashke bademjoon on the side and a side of yogurt.(Last time I was there the Kabab barg was a bit dry and tough, but the joojeh and koobideh are fine.)If youve not been, drop whatever it is youre doing, and go immediately. Its a true san francisco gem.
Koobideh FTW! I have lived in sunset for a while now.. And have always drove by this restaurant but never checked it out. Recently.. I was craving Persian food and stumbled upon this place via yelp and man was I happy about it ! This place always looks crowded so I called in and picked up my food to-go & had the pleasure of eating it in my own home , score! Portions are huge .. So you definitely get your money's worth! They give you a plate of rice with the meat, bread and onions (ya might want a mint after ). I barely could finish the whole thing.. Too stuffed! This place is on my fav eats for Persian :).
AMAZING food!!!! Whole family came and we loved everything. I ordered the jujeh kebab and my husband ordered the jujeh soltani we ordered a few appetizers and loved every bite of it. The fresh bread was delicious. And our waiter was THE BEST!!! this is now my all time favorite restaurant
Edit please delete (posted in wrong restaurant)
Gem of a restaurant in Inner Sunset. I was here for dinner on a Friday night. We made a reservation a couple hours before and they had a table waiting for us when we got there. The restaurant was full, but there were no people waiting outside. I'd suggest making a prior reservation. The ambiance is really nice for a candlelit dinner and the food is fantastic. Some tables for two have nice right angle "sofas". They serve probably the best joojeh and koobideh I've ever had. There are limited house wines available by glass. You have to order bottles to get the full repertoire. I really wanted to try the Kotlet (beef patties) as an appetizer, but they were out of them by the time we reached. We ordered the sabzi panir instead, but those were just raw vegetables, walnuts, herbs and feta cheese served with bread, which was good but not what I was looking for. In hindsight, I should have ordered a different appetizer.I saw a plate of baklawa on display when we walked in that I really wanted to try, but the main course was so filling that we had no room left for it. Rest assured, I'll be back for some more.
Spectacular food that made me want to travel to Iran! Heaping portions just bursting with flavor. Definitely tell them if you're vegan 'cause they'll need to hold the butter on many dishes. The staff was very helpful in this regard. Awesome place, will definitely be back.
Had a wonderful dinner with some clients there tonight. Lavash never disappoints.
Great little restaurant with excellent Persian food. Shah Kabob (lamb chop and beef filet combo) was perfectly spiced on a bed of fragrant rice and thin bread. Beef filet deserves special attention as it really melts in your mouth.In place of the pre-meal bread, you instead have flatbread with tomatoes, cucumbers, cheese, and a variety of herbs including cilantro and others I couldn't name. Didn't matter, they were all delicious.Just a note, if you drive parking is limited to street, and gets iffy at night.
First off let me start by saying that my friends and I were starving and looking for a good spot to eat. We were riding the MUNI and Lavash immediately caught my eye. Being from Dallas, we barely have any good Persian places to eat, so when I saw Lavash, I immediately suggested to give the place a try. When we got to the restaurant, we were immediately greeted by our gorgeous persian waiter and he showed us to our table. He gave out the menus and brought us water and our drinks. I had draft beer, which was reasonably priced at $4.50 and Surg had Pinot Noir at $7. Looking at the menu, the restaurant offered several Persian dishes that I had never tried before. We ordered the Joojeh (grilled chicken with rice and bread) and koobideh (grilled ground beef and lamb logs with rice and bread). The wait time wasn't too bad, and we were given an appetizer while we waited for our meals. When our food came out, we were just too starved to take pictures, so we devoured our meals. The portions of the dishes were pretty big, but since we had waited a long time to eat we were able to finish our plates, leaving them nice and clean. The quality of the food was excellent, obviously we had time to enjoy our meals. The meats were juicy and succulent and the rice was seasoned just right. It felt like we had just had multiple explosions of flavors in our mouths. Quite delicious! The overall experience at Lavash was an excellent one, and one that will make me want to come back for more! Next time I'm in town, I will come to this place and order more delicious meals! This place is highly recommended!
Amazing food! I have tried Fesenjoon , all the Kabobs (koobideh, chicken, Barg, shishlick) with red wine.Adas polo is great too. I recommend getting yogurt with shallots as a side and Kashk Bademjan for appetizer. For desert try Makhloot or the home made Bakhlava with persian black/mint tea or Turkish coffee.I have been to this place multiple times. Always impressed. The ambience is nice and cozy
Food: Delicious/authentic and unique to the restaurant menu. Service: Welcoming but takes a long time to get seating as there is a waiting list for busy nightsAmbiance: Busy during peak hours. It's a very small restaurant. Recommend to come during less peak hours or call ahead for reservations(highly recommended)Price: It is expensive as any other persian restaurant.
I went this place with my friends, food was burned, we coudnt eat that burned food, and my friend has a kid , which is 3 years old, manager came to us and she said: he is hitting the wall, and this sound everywhere, we got surprised , because the place was not quite at all, and she also said , this is romantic restaurant I dont wanna get complain from other my clients, we used bathroom, can u believe there was no paper at all, I dont understand, thats why i gave 1 star.
Definitely my favorite Persian restaurant in the city. The chicken and beef were extremely tender and the vegetables in their salad were very fresh. I tried the jeweled rice with pomegranates and would highly recommend it, I could not stop eating it even after I was already full. The mint tea was also great, and the service was excellent. I would recommend making a reservation as it can get full (even on a Wednesday night).
Lovely place to take mothers for lunch. Fathers, too. As long as yours are not paranoid about charred grilled meats of which consumption of any amounts will ultimately lead to you dying prematurely of cancer.Uhhhh yeah. In that case, those guys won't find any contentment at this place. :[[Lavash itself and the food = absolutely charming. This is perfect Persian cuisine.Nicely decorated, really lovely service, attentive hostess and servers. Staff make you feel welcome even if you're not regulars or familiar with the cuisine.Get the bread and mezze. It includes fresh tomato, cucumber chopped and mint, cilantro herbs, and feta cheese. The feta was excellent-- fresh and not too salty. Small lavash squares went great with the veggies.Also cannot go wrong with the kebabs. The Joojeh was really tender, flavourful, juicy chicken kebab. Outstandingly tasty. Koobideh was a ground beef/lamb kebab. Also good.The basmati saffron rice really wowed Mama. She'd never tried that kind of rice before, and it was fluffy and super-duper delectable.The Persian tea was nice, but you only receive one free refill. What is up with that? Kind of a random, stingy policy, but whatever. Everything else is pretty reasonable. Maybe such tea is an outrageously expensive import.Also, I do love a restaurant that has Orangina on the menu.Great kebabs, great rice, great meal. If you enjoy Mediterranean fare, you'll love the food and service at Lavash.Just *don't* take my father here.:O;P
So, now I understand why people write reviews based on service...I was a "food-only; not service" snob for many years.But, this (and multiple other) experience(s) have made me understand why people write negative reviews.Caveat: Lavash is still my favorite Persian food in SF. On to the review:My best friend was coming to visit with her to-be and her son -- who I've known since before he was born. Best friend and to-be are veggies. Not an easy thing in Persian food, but definitely do-able.I thought, in the interest of being a good host, I would check in with Lavash to see if they could make our favorites vegetarian. They do have a veggie menu, but there were a few things we wanted that they didn't address on the regular menu. I contacted them, per their "Contact" page: via email. No response for a few days.Finally, I got a response: Call...So, I did. I was assured that the veggie options were available & they reserved, based on request, a table for us.When we got there, on time, I identified our party and we were put in the worst seat in the house. This is after making a reservation days ahead of time and facing an empty restaurant. I don't know if it's because I didn't speak Farsi with the owners (sorry, I'm an immigrant. I speak 2 languages fluently and unfortunately, neither is the language that my parents were born into) In any case, I was treated like a 3rd class citizen by these restauranteurs and it TOTALLY BUMMED ME OUT.
Love to go there for ghormeh sabzi or fesenjoon
Lavash is amazing persian food, but don't take my word for it. All my persian friends and non-persian friends agree. This place is superb. So far, I have not had something there that I dislike. The dolma's are a great way to start (served warm and just lip-smackin good) and there is a dish made with walnuts, pomegranate and chicken that is wonderful. It's a really unique combination of sweet and sour and just really delicious. I love coming here with a group and eating family style, however I would make a reservation if that is how you want to roll. Enjoy!
I am a full blooded Persian man with a P. Their is an Iranian lady manager there who pretends that she is not Iranian, with her weird colored blond hair. They didn't have tadigh, nor could they offer a vegetarian version of the Ghorme Sabzi. Their Ghorme Sabzi was very sour, bitter, and over-cooked. Their khoreshte bademjoon was again way to saturated with tomato sauce/paste and sour. The place is way to small and one must almost always make reservations just to eat their.There prices are way to high for their mediocre tasting food, I guess they are adding their remodeling finance charge on to the food. The koobideh is more expensive than their joojeh, which is bizarre. I am thinking about eating their koobideh just to give them another chance.Unfortunately this Iranian restaurant is taking advantage of their American/foreign food tasters, but these guys wouldn't stand a chance in Iran.
One of my favorite restaurants in SF. Special, intimate, fresh and light food. I love the grape+yogurt+mint+walnut app, mint tea, eggplant app and Kabab.
One word: choclava. Our server was great, had good wine recommendations. Our salmon was good and the veggie kebab was nice.But seriously, get the choclava.
Had the walnut and chicken stew with rice. Tasted and smelled good. Did not know its flavors existed. Whole restaurant smells like grilled meat. Which is nice if you like it.
Very well decorated, feels homey and like you've been transported to a quaint village along the Mediterranean. We came on a Saturday afternoon and there was one guy serving the whole restaurant (though no more than 4-5 tables at a time) and he was really on top of things and incredibly nice.Here's what we got:Mint tea - fresh mint leaves served with saffron rock candy - this was wonderful! Especially great when you've been walking around in cold SF weather. The mint & rock candy added the perfect bit of flavor to the tea.Kashk-e Bendemjan - seasoned roasted eggplant with roasted garlic, mint flakes, and saffron - delicious! I'm a huge fan of eggplant and this had perfect texture. We also got a free platter of pita bread, feta cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers, and some other herbs - the eggplant went really well with this too. Must say that the roasted garlic added SO MUCH to the taste, giving it that extra crunch and extra spike of garlic flavor.Fesenjan - chicken w/ ground walnut cooked in sour-sweet pomegranate sauce - I was really excited about this as the description sounds delicious and I saw several other tables with this dish, but the pomegranate flavor was just a little too overwhelming! The dish doesn't look this way as there are just a few pomegranate seeds, but either they used more sauce or its flavor just overpowers everything else. When I had a bite with more walnut/ chicken the flavor was balanced better, but these bites were not a majority of the meal. The texture of the sauce was nice and thick and the chicken was delicious, incredibly tender.
We really had a great adventurous dinner in here! I love how the super nice waitress, her name Agatha correct me if I'm wrong, take us to the other room which is quiet and than the main room which is so loud. I love the couple special. And I love the taste of their Pomegrante juice. Surely, will recommend this place to my friends
Great food, great service and great ambiance. The menu is vast and the whole experience is yummy!
This place is a little gem on irving st. There are plenty of restaurants here but this place simply divine. First of all, you enter the restaurant and its glamorous. Its intimate and the interior decor is high end. The food: I ordered the Jujeh Kabob and it was delicious. The chicken was very juicy and tender. Their saffron rice was aromatic and tastes just as well as it smelled. The only downfall is that i need a reason to go out that way. =/
My friend and I came here on a Sunday night AFTER we had already ate dinner- yeah we can eat! even though we were already full, we thoroughly enjoyed everything Lavash had to offer. We ordered tadig with gheyme, because anyone that knows what they are doing at a Persian restaurant would order tadig--rookies can stick to chicken breast and salad. We also ordered a soltany to share and it was very delicious. The prices are a lot more reasonable than Meykadeh. Good food, lovely service and cute ambiance.
Excellent service and very clean atmosphere! The food was very good. Not quite the caliber of eating Home cooked Persian food but still a good second. It was a convenient 15 minute walk from Golden Gate Park. My only 'complaint' are the prices. We spent 95$ for one appetizer, three main courses and two beers. Maybe being a tourist, I'm not use to the San Fransisco prices. One dish, the soltani was 25$. Granted, you do get a lot of food for the price so that's an upside. For those prices it would be a great gesture for the restaurant to offer the tadig (normally 9$) complimentary, especially if you have a table like ours that bought three entrees. We didn't order it because I didn't want to spend 9$ and knowing what I know, it's not a 9$ dish.
Wonderful food must try all dips and walnut cheese app...Beautiful family owned Great food for paleo style the food is real and clean.... Loved it for years
I really enjoyed this place!While I don't have much experience with traditional Persian cuisine, went with some friends who do and they ordered for the table. The eggplant appetizer is delicious, as was the chicken kabob and filet mignon. Service was great, and the servers were friendly and attentive. The place is small but the ambience is great and very upscale. It's a small family-owned restaurant, so they seem to treat guests well.
Lavash Special [for two] $36.95 Two pieces of Shishlik, skewer of Joojeh, skewer of Koobideh & skewer of vegetablesI have no idea what that all meant but it was DELICIOUS! this is my interpretation of what was in this specialgrilled chicken breasts - amazingly juicy! the seasoning was very tangy and tart and tasted like a cambodian/vietnamese hot/sour soupbeef sausage (?) - juicy but not greasy, seasoned with herbs ans spices i've never tasted before from either indian or pakistani foodgrilled pork/lamb chop (?) - juicy and had tons of flavor with a slight gamey taste, it was definitly very uniqueveggie skewer - surprisingly well seasoned and tasty!buttery steamed long grain rice to have it with is awesomehigh quality food and good service! you have to try this place at least once!
Excellent food. Rather tight space for seating with the chairs being too close. Not so friendly service. But. The food was truly excellent especially the grilled meat and the yogurt salad.
Beautiful ambiance, great location (you can take the N Line on muni, stops right near the entrance), and fantastic food; I have no complaints. I LOVED the Koobideh, perfectly seasoned and served on top of their signature Lavash bread with a side of Basmati rice. What more could you ask for? Their dessert is fantastic as well, we sampled the Bastani and Faloodeh. Both were delicious and light, the rose water was an excellent accent to the Bastani gelato. Wash that down with some fragrant persian tea and you're good to go. All in all, I would definitely return to Lavash. I loved the location in the serene sunset district, the food is amazing, and the staff is on top of it. Give it a try!
First time here and had Jooje it was so good, its taste is close to what you can have in Iran.
We had the Adass polo, Taste of lavash and Some stew's on Tahdig ( Fesenajn and Bademjan). They were all amazing! The place was a bit crowded and we waited for 5-7 minutes, although we had reservation. But I finally found the best spot in town to have some traditional persian dishes.
Persian food is my specialty and this is definitely the best Persian/Iranian restaurant in the bay area! You'd have to go all the way to LA/OC to find a better one on the west coast. The kebabs are smothered in saffron and butter, but extremely tasty!This is the only restaurant I take my friends to when introducing them to Persian food.
First time we walked there (based on my Persian friend recommending this place) we had no reservations. They were busy but sat us in the extended section and were very nice. However, we were the only people there so decided to take the food to go. Great food. Second time we had friends visiting and made reservations for 4. We arrived on time but they were behind. The owner (a sweet lady) apologized and offered us all drinks on the house. When our table was ready, our Moroccan waiter apologized, the person that brought us water apologized .. It's such amazing service all around from every ingle person. Many restaurants should learn this service if they are demanding 18+% ti[. Oh and the food is fabulous too. Great job Lavash!
This has become my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. That is a bold statement, considering I have extremely high standards and the food in San Francisco is the BEST. I love Lavash because the food is super fresh, flavorful, and delicious. I love everything I've had there including:- Kookoo Sabzi (herb quiche) - Prawn Kabob- Joojeh (chicken kabob)- Koobideh (beef & lamb kabob)Everything is extremely tasty and good for you! Also, they have the best mint tea and yogurt. If I could, I would eat at this restaurant everyday. It is that good! I highly recommend this place!
This place was recommended to me by some friends....i wasn't very impressed.I tried to eat there multiple times but they were never very accommodating. Finally one day I decided to order to go since I could never get a reservation or they simply wouldnt answer the phone. When I got home something was missing from my order. It's more on the expensive end and flavor is lacking. The food wasn't bad but not what I expected. I wouldn't come back.
This is the best Persian restaurant in NORCAL. I know...because I am Persian. In addition to it being cute, clean and cozy, the food is DELICIOUS. I love the Fessenjoon (Chicken, Walnut, and Pomegranate Sauce served over rice)! The following are some of my other favs (for those who are not well acquainted w/ Persian food): Mast o Mousir (Yogurt w/ Shallots)Kashkeh Bademjoon (Appetizer w/ eggplant)Kabob Barg (Filet Mignon w/ Basmati Rice and Roasted Tomato)
I love this place! Every time my friend from Portland is here, we go to Lavash (this is probably the third or fourth time dining here), and she wows the folks with her fluent Farsi (she's a blonde, blue-eyed Southern gal). This time, there were four of us celebrating her birthday, and we had the following:Sabzi Panir: A traditional way to start a meal. Take the lavash, shove in some feta, cucumer, tomato, grapes, walnuts and various herbs (a mixture including mint), eat with your fingers. I could eat that for lunch. Fesenjen: chicken with ground walnut cooked in sour-sweet pomegranate sauce (actually more of a syrup). It had a beautiful balance of sweet and sour and was one of the best, most unusual things I've eaten in a while.Joojeh: Chicken skewers - I found the chicken breast a little dry, but I'm more of a dark meat girl, and that was perfect. Koobideh: Skewers of ground beef and lamb. I love the Koobideh - the meat is so flavorful and moist, and the spices are perfect. Dessert was Baghlava and Bastani, which was a perfect, light ending to the meal. Lots of lots of rice to boot, lovely wine chosen by JJ, and I had fresh mint tea to help the digestive juices.
Let down experience.  Visited the restaurant after consulting my Iranian friend. We ordered chicken kabab and rice. The kabab was very dry and the rice was not well cooked. The quality of the food was sub par compared to many other Persian Restaurant I have visited. Please don't waste your money at this restaurant for food as there must be some other good persian restaurant with better food. HARRY V
Came here twice and had a few different items.Love the complimentary salad -- ingredients are so fresh and tastes so healthy. Both times, ordered the Kashk-e Bademjan (eggplant app) -- it is soo delicious! The Koobideh is excellent (juicy meat). The Lavash special affords you the opportunity to have a taste of other meats but I would recommend just the Koobideh since it is so succulent!The only negative is that they have a table in a weird corner where there is not enough seating space. The table is also very small for two -- its probably the lousiest seat in the place (sat there once) so unfortunately that can cramp your experience.Would definitely come again for the food!
If you want to get a bang for your buck like me, DO NOT COME HERE!I usually judge a place on a few factors with the most important being do I need to go somewhere else afterwards and eat more b/c i'm not full. At this place, it's a resounding YES! I came here b/c my girlfriend's friend was having her birthday dinner here so we made reservations and had about 12 people and basically took up the entire restaurant. The service was great. Bathroom was clean. GF and I got the Lavash Special for 2. It cost nearly $40. When I pay $20 a person, I have some expectation of being somewhat satisfied with my meal. Unfortunately, the thing I enjoyed most about this food was probably the generous amount of saffron rice I received. The Lavash Special itself was ok taste wise, but nothing extraordinary to deserve the 4 star average that this place currently boasts.All in all, if you want to pay a lot of money for a little food that tastes average, this place will give you good service and a clean bathroom. For me and my larger than average appetite, this place does not fit the bill.
Tasty and fresh persian food. This restaurant cares about the quality of food - the free lavash appetizers come with crunch cucumbers, ripe tomatoes and fresh herbs. Meat is also a great quality. No gristle or cheap bits in my koobideh. Excellent!
I would definitely come back here for Persian Food, the service was little slow but the food was very authentic, I have to recommend the Chicken, it was so tender and juicy and cooked to perfection. A little pricey but worth every penny
It's World Cup time now and so I will use this opportunity to describe Lavash:SCOOOORRE!!!! GOOOOOOOOAALLLLL!Four of us were in the mood for "Mediterranean" and we ended up finding this terrific Persian restaurant in Yelp.This is a small place, so I recommend reservations. We did a walk in for dinner around 5:30 and the friendly hostess asked if she could call us via our cell back when the table was ready--about 1/2 hour. The restaurant was already full at 6 PM and you could tell that they are really busy but still friendly. Overall the service was on the leisurely side, but I think this was simply because of the number of tables to the number of wait staff rather than the lack of speed. The tables are tight squeeze. The decor was pleasant and relaxing.We started out with the Sabzi Paneer appetizer for the table. It was a good sized plate of very thin Lavash squares (the thinnest Lavash I've ever had), with a pile of very fresh herbs (mint, parsley, basil), cucumber, tomato and wonderful thick sticks of feta with walnuts and grapes. WOW. The fresh flavors and textures were near-perfect together. The only thing would have been better might have been some good olive oil to drizzle on it. Then we had a round of the Persian Iced tea, the mint tea, and even the Doogh Yogurt soda (all good!) .Then it was on to the main courses:The Lavash Special (for two) which looked gorgeous (with multi colored skewered peppers, onion, two tender lamb ribs, a skewer of delicious Koobideh-seasoned ground beef and lamb, and excellent Joojeh-saffron seasoned chicken) which tasted perfect and was LOTS to be eaten with a ginormous mound of rice. Also ordered were a Barg (fillet of Neiman Ranch beef) and Prawns (both wonderful).All of us decided to split a single Baghlava dessert to sweeten the ending (ahhh!!! Yesss!!!)So all in all with tip, it ran each of us about $30 each, which, when you consider the superb & fresh quality of each of the dishes, was an excellent value.
The ghormeh sabzi over tahdig (crispy rice) and fesenjoon were amazing! I hope they open an east bay location. The service (Fatima and Baharak, thank you!) was impeccable as well.
Good food is hard to find in the Bay Area (yes I know, sounds like a contradiction but, it is true). Lavash is a pleasant surprise. Besides its cozy, romantic atmosphere, the food is delicious and clean, waiting staff is accommodating and responsive.I see a few patrons complaining about the service. Here's the thing: only in US do waiters approach you without provocation. In the rest of the world you have to flag a waiter down to get anything from utensils to check, especially in French-speaking communities. Yes, these folks operate in the US of A but, understand that they weren't bred into American Waiter culture, where one is trained to assault the customer with a volley of hospitality missiles every fifteen minutes. Don't be shy: raise your hand and say what you need with a smile on your face -- they will not consider it rude.If you want another beer: make eye contact with a waiter and raise your empty bottle. If you want more utensils: lift a utensil off the table with one hand, and point to it with another. If the check is not delivered at a time you set in your mind (and not shared with anyone): approach the counter/host/water and ask for it -- they will not consider it rude.
I've heard many great things about Lavash, but for some reason I just wasn't wow-ed. I thought it was good, but not spectacular. My friends came here on a Friday evening. Good thing we had a reservation because this place is not that big and was completely packed. I ordered the chicken "joojeh" kabob ($12.95). The serving size is pretty big and enough for two smaller eaters. You get your choice of white or dark meat. I got dark and my friend got white, but honestly, they both tasted the same. It's also served with lavash bread, balsamic rice, grilled tomato and sumac. Unfortunately, some of the pieces of meat were a bit on the dry side, but the flavor was still decent overall. I do like the complimentary appetizer of lavash, veggies, and cheese. Also, the staff was pretty helpful and prompt. The overall experience was fine, but I think this just isn't my favorite type of food.
Don't waste your time and money here. We had to leave the place because apparently our reservation was only until 8. The host was really rude and refused to serve desert because it was 8 pm. Food is average. I would never come here.
It keeps getting better:1. Intimate decor2. Phenomenal service3. Exquisitely-presented, delicious food4. Best mint tea in town (fresh and sightly)5. Relaxing ambianceWhat else could one ask of a restaurant?
Everyone raves about this place, so when I was invited got excited that I am finally going to try it. The reservation was for 6 but at the last minute someone else joined us so we got there and told them. They merely got another chair to sit at a very small table set up for 6. Cannot complain since it is a small place and it gets full so we managed. Ordered an eggplant appetizer which was disappointingly dry and tasteless. I expected it more like Kabul or Shaalizar, so my expectations were rather different. The veggie kebabs were delicious and the carnivores loved the lamb kebabs. I would give it a higher rating but the service was totally lacking (plates not removed, water glasses empty, dishes piling up, etc), and I don't care how good the food is, if the service does not live up to the food, it makes the food bad. I will need to go back with less people to really get a better experience and, hopefully, give a better review.
Came here for dinner last night and LOVED it! It was a Wednesday night around 7:30pm and for a table for 2, we waited about 15 min. The place is on the smaller side but cozy.We shared the following that were all delicious and we came away full:-Sabzi Panir salad with feta, cucumber, tomato, herbs, walnuts & grapes. The herbs gave it a great taste (cilantro, parsley, mint leaves and some sort of basil)-Yogurt salad - was great sauce for the salad as well as our main-Jeweled rice with chicken (Zareshk Polo) - the berries gave it an interesting, sweet flavor-Side of Skewer of Koobideh (mixed ground beef & lamb)- perfectly seasoned and juicy-Dessert of Sweet Special - almond brittle with pistachio ice cream-Mint tea - which came in a glass pot filled with a ton of fresh mint leavesAll in all, great service, food and ambiance. Would come back again!
My first time trying Persian food and I wasn't disappointed! Me and my friend came in and put our names on the waiting list. The wait was about maybe 15 minutes and we were seated right away. This place gets packed on the weekends it's always good to have a reservation. We were seated at the corner didn't really like that spot.. It was pretty cluttered with the another group seated really close to us lol table is pretty small at that spot and our plates barely fit. Seats weren't comfortable. Next time I go I would ask to have a table in the center. The food was amazing. The spices makes your mouth watery and the meat was so soft and tender. We had the koobideh and it was absolutely mouth watering. The owner was really nice and the staff were friendly. Will be coming back soon again.
I love this restaurant. Its has warm, intimate atmosphere, great service, and delicious food. To start, they bring you a wonderful spread of fresh feta cheese, herbs, tomatoes, and lavash for the table, which is perfect for nibbling on and pairing with your meal. For appetizers, I am a huge fan of their lentil soup (Soup-e Adas) and yogurt with shallots** (Mast-o Musir). I have had a variety of their main courses and all of them have been spot on. I particularly love the salmon and chicken kabobs! The portions are very large and perfect for lunch the next day, which is a huge plus. The servers are friendly and always make you feel at home. oh! and I suppose it's an acquired taste but I always get the house doogh, a yogurt drink with herbs/sparkling water (?). Its so lovely and goes great with the meal. I would eat here several times a week if I could!
Found this gem by accident, nice late lunch option - Lavash salad: amazing combination of greens, raisins, mint leaves and crunchy Persian cucumbers and walnuts. Perfection! I keep returning just for that twice this week. Would definitely return to try their meat dishes for dinner soon. Nice ambiance too!
Lavash is hands down the best Persian restaurant I have ever been to.I've tried lots of kabobs before in lots of different places and I must say lavash has the best koobideh and barg I have ever tried. I could eat this all the time! Their yogurt is also very delicious and so is their tea. I want to go back! Everything about their food and service is just perfection! I'm Persian and this is the best Persian food I've had in San Francisco for sure! You must try it!!
If you want flavor and spice, I would highly suggest you come here. I chose to come here because I heard it was great for vegetarians. I, personally am not one, but my best friend is, and we were both eager to come here and try it out.We started with the Kashk-e Bademjan(roasted eggplant) appetizer and it blew us away. It's so rich and tasty. We also got the dolmas, but I wasn't really impressed as they were different compared to other dolmas I've had, since these had meat in them. I'm not sure why, but we also received a Sabzi Panir appetizer on the house, which was pretty fresh. Also, I can see why this place is called Lavash because their lavash was amazingly light and went well with everything we got!For the main course, we all split Shah Kabob and the Joojeh Soltani Combos. These were huge plates! I started with the chicken, which was just that... chicken. Sigh. I moved on to the Koobideh(mixed ground beef and lamb skewer). I was excited to eat this because everyone here tells me to get it. It was good, tasty, but it sort of looked... weird. It's just a big brown log. Lastly, I tried the lamb... AND IT BLEW MY MIND. If there was one thing I'd come back here for, it would be these lamb chops. They're delicious, nice amount of spice, and a hint of lime. They were so tender too. I could eat these all the time!Alongside each combo came a huge side of saffron rice, roasted tomatoes, and another skewer of grilled vegetables. These were decent, typical grilled items with a smokey flavor. I was still thinking of the lamb, so I know these couldn't compare.Overall, this place is nice and cozy. It's small, and when I got there around 7pm on a Tuesday, I was happy to have a reservation because the place filled up quickly. The only problem was that, even though this place was great for vegetarians, I noticed there weren't many dishes that were vegetarian. They could "make" any dish vegetarian by just taking out the meat part of it, but I know I wouldn't be too happy if I was vegetarian and came here. Either way, I'd come again!
Wow is this place good. We were just looking for a place near the de Young museum to grab dinner after spending all day walking and getting cultured, sort of. Yelp steered us to Lavash. We got there right as it opened, luckily, since the waitress alluded to how busy the place normally gets (the interior is small). I ordered the pomegranate chicken dish, and yeah, my taste buds have been thanking me ever since. It's kind of a stew-like dish, a mixture of shredded chicken and sort of pomegranate sauce. The meat was delicious, melted in my mouth, and the pomegranate gave it an amazing tangy sweet kick. Served w/rice, it's just hearty and delicious. Couldn't finish it so brought it home, and immediately had the leftovers again the next night. Yeah, it was that good.
I can't say that I've been to many Persian restaurants however this one has to be my favorite from the bunch. I was recently down in socal and had what was the "best" Persian food in Westwood/Culver City area and it didn't even come close to Lavash. When I get hungry I sometimes find myself daydreaming about these flavors. Who would have thought a simple veggie kabob dish would be so drool worthy?! Every vegetable is cooked/roasted perfectly and the lime slice squeezed over it and the buttery rice makes all the difference in the world.Service has always been friendly, warm and welcoming. I love the complimentary lavash bread with feta cheese, mint leaves, cucumbers and tomatoes. We found out the hard way that Lavash is closed on Mondays. After fighting through traffic through the Mission, Castro, Cole Valley we saw the "closed" sign while looking for parking in the neighborhood. We were so heart set on eating here we came back again the next day through the same traffic and through the annoying task of searching for parking in the Inner Sunset. And let me tell you it was absolutely worth the trouble.
Consistently delicious food - especially the pomegranate stew. The only thing I wish is that they would deliver! We get take out at least once a month and it would be great if we didn't have to go and pick it up.
L O O O O O V E this place! I don't know too much about Persian food to be honest, but it's all cozy, romantic, yummy and fun all rolled up into this unassuming resto in the inner sunset.I've been here with my boyfriend countless times when we used to live just down the road in Cole Valley and everything we ordered was refreshing to my tongue. They were all flavors I had never experienced before and meshed quite well with my palate.Appetizers - They always give you a fresh side of herbs-mints and cilantro- feta, cucumbers, tomatoes and lavash bread to open your appetite. Zereshk Polo - I can't ever get away from ordering this dish. It's made with chicken and pomegranates so the dish has this savoryish tartness that's so addictive served over rich, basmati rice. Kabobs - My boyfriend can't seem to get away from the kabobs and always has to have one that comes with koobideh, the beef/lamb. I don't eat lamb (but I'm practicing and can eat it at certain places like this one) but I always snatch a few bites!Make sure to:Make rezzosSprinkle some of the red spices called sumac on your riceBring someone specialHave a great time!
Food was great!! Loved the ambiance of restaurant.. There was a little kid who .=wouldn't stop crying which kinda ruined it. That's not the restaurants fault..
Sooooo NOT kid friendly. I called 2 weeks in advance to make a reservation for my mom's birthday. I made it very clear that we have a 10 month old baby and we'll either need a highchair or to be seated with room for a stroller. I was reassured that that would be no problem at all.Drove out from Danville, arrived 15 minutes early. The gentleman working the front told me the (only) high chair they have is already in use, the diners just sat down to eat, and couldn't tell me how long they'll be eating for. TWICE he asked me if I can hold my child in between myself & my husband if he puts us in a booth. Again, I explained my son is only 10 months old. He looked at me confused, maybe not understanding that a 10 month old cannot sit in a booth for an hour+ between 2 people?... He said he cannot make room for a stroller and that he cannot seat us.He was so rude, seemed annoyed and so unapologetic. So upsetting. Never with or without a baby will we ever return to this place. Awful "service" and vibe. Tiny place that literally looks like it can only seat 20 people. I've also talked to a few friends about this place and many told me the food is bland, dry and very basic. Too bad I didn't talk to them before...
great ambiance and atmosphere.joojeh and koobideh are really good. jeweled rice is also awesome. a little pricey, but the portions are very plentiful. cute date night or girls night spot.
This place is awesome. The Persian foods here is the best which i tried in all states. I love the atmosphere there, the food and also waitress are so friendly and nice. Try Kashke badmjoon & Tadik as appetizer and Barg, or Soltani for main food.
How is Lavash on the top 10 highest rated restaurants in SF?? This is so unfair to all the other wonderful restaurants on the list. I have been to all the restaurants put on the same level as Lavash on Yelp and Lavash pales in comparison to ALL of them. I admit we were one of the last tables to be seated (~9:30 pm). But the people were rude right from when we opened their door until we stepped out. The woman who took our reservation was so blunt! The waitress for our table was rushing us like crazy. She literally grabbed the plate of our table and there was not even an attempt to offer dessert!!I have been to restaurants where the food is so great and service is below par because that's the expectation set right from the beginning. But that's not the case in Lavash! They are trying to compete with restaurants like Chapeau, Frascati etc and even the food is mediocre at best! Seriously Lavash CANNOT have 4.5* on Yelp. This is very misleading and makes Yelp less accountable to anyone looking for fair, accurate reviews.
Great food.Weird/cluttered decor and restaurant. Eating in someone's small, cluttered, dark and dingy living room.Slanted ceiling bathroom that I wouldn't recommend for people.The assortment plates were great and easily enough for two people. That said, we over ordered by a lot and everyone was stuffed. I'd go back at some point but probably won't become a regular.
Really enjoyed the food here. Definitely one of the more ethnic foods I've had. The interior is also really nice. Good spot for a date.The portions were pretty big and the kebabs were really juicy.Pretty glad we held off on getting an appetizer since the entrees were very filling! Really wanted to try the dessert but maybe next time!
While weighing our options for restaurants to eat at (none of which initially included Lavash), my friend and I discovered that we had a mutual love for Persian food. Once that was out there, we immediately decided on visiting Lavash. So out we come for dinner one Thursday night, circling the neighborhood for about 15 minutes or so in an attempt to find parking (which we did, albeit several blocks away).After being seated inside this quaint little restaurant (the table arrangements make it difficult for someone in a wheelchair to sit anywhere but the two tables near the entrance) and glancing over the menu, we decided to get the kashk-e bademjan to start, and to split the Taste of Persia for our main, which came with a skewer of barg (sliced beef fillet), joojeh (chicken breast and thigh), koobideh (ground beef and lamb), and vegetables. To our surprise, they also sent a sabzi panir over to us, on the house - probably because it was almost closing time, but it was a nice gesture either way.The two appetizers were actually quite tasty, especially when paired together (whether or not it's supposed to be eaten this way is a different story). As for the main course, I enjoyed the joojeh the most, because it had the best flavor of the three, despite being a bit dry. The koobideh was also enjoyable, although I was taken by surprise because I had not expected it to be sweet. Alas, the barg, while not bad, was also something I would not have missed, being both a bit bland and a bit dry. We finished off the meal with a choclava: baklava with a layer of semisweet chocolate inside. And while I still found it overly sweet (a huge reason why I avoid/dislike baklava), it was pretty good, admittedly, and would have gone well with a cup of black coffee.All in all, the meal came out to about $32 per person after tax and tip. Considering that we had enough leftovers to last another one to two meals for each of us, the pricing was not bad at all. Throw in friendly service on top of all of this, and Lavash ends up with 3.5 stars from me.
I have been coming here regularly for several years.  I was hoping to keep this place a secret. I LOVE the food! I love Persian food!! I have tried almost every Persian restaurant all around the bay area. Lavash is by far THE BEST!! The beef koobideh is the juiciest, tastiest I have ever tasted. I always order enough to have left over for dinner - and even reheated, it is delicious. I have taken over two dozen people over the last few years and everyone agrees this is amazing food! Where do I start, everything on the menu is excellent, but my favs are:Sabzi PanirKoobidehZereshk PoloAs for the service, I have ALWAYS found them friendly and attentive.  If it were up to me, I would eat here at least once or twice a week! At last, I do have to allow my friends to choose from time to time. But every friend I have brought to Lavash have loved the food and gone back on their own.Can you tell? I LOVE this restaurant! It is a gem and I love relaxing at this lovely restaurant with friendly service and delicious food. Not a place to go when in a rush, but when you have an hour or so to enjoy excellent food and friendly service - this is the perfect place.The owners, Nazila and Saeed our rocking out the best Persian cuisine this side of the motherland - the best prices - great location. Their personality's our magnetic and any family willing to cook up an authentic ethnic dish has my heart.This place is hotter than hot! LOVE, LOVE, LOVE it!!
Lavash is definitely the place to be on Friday nights. With a walk in, we couldn't even sit down until around 9:30pm. Almost everything on the menu is under $20 a plate, which makes everything super affordable, especially if sharing.We went for the eggplant puree appetizers -- one with pureed eggplant. It was delicious. They also gave us a refreshing healthy feta cheese/tomato/basil/cucumber dish. Both come with the little "tortillas" shaped in small squares. You could mix both plates together for a nice combo.For entrees we got two dishes -- one chicken w/ raisins over rice, and the other was grilled lamb kebab over buttered rice. Both were delicious and tasty. Tons of food. We had a ton of leftovers but ate them right away when we got home. Everything is very flavorful.It was the first time I've had Persian food and it was good! The decor inside is very romantic with pillows and candles. The service is also excellent, and the waitresses can offer great recommendations. I would definitely come back here again! Make a reservation so you don't need to wait!
Love this restaurant. It's intimate, but for a Tuesday night I didn't feel like our group of 8 was to big for the restaurant to handle. We ordered 3 appetizers to split amongst the group. Everyone got wine, sangria, or a spritzer. The dishes were all flavorful, meat was cooked right, and it all came out on time. Very good service and try the rose ice cream for dessert. I had Peruvian Coffee. Loved it. They take reservations which is also a plus!
3.5 stars. My girlfriend has been bugging me to come here for over a year now. Every time we walk down Irving, she points to Lavash and begs to eat there. Today was her and my family's lucky day. We walked in around 8pm and luckily we got a table. A party of five just cancelled their reservation so we snagged their corner table far away from the cold door. After ordering we unexpectedly got a free plate of lavash with cheese, cucumbers, tomatoes, and other herbs. This was a great starter especially if you sprinkle a little sumac on top. We ordered the dolma, fesenjan, bademjan, barg, koobideh. Lavash's dolmas were excellent and warm, super flavorful and like nothing I have tasted before. The fesenjan (pomegranate stew with chicken) was my next favorite. The stew was just a tad sweet and you could taste the pomegranate. I thought the bademjan would be my favorite but it just taste like sour tomato with soggy eggplant. The barg and koobideh were both great but nothing out of the ordinary. Each entree came with a huge plate of rice. The only downside was the cost, pretty expensive. What I recommend:-- dolma-- fesenjan
I can't believe I've been missing out on jooleh, koobideh, barg, doogh, faloodeh, and bastani for so long. Oh my goodness. Persian food is AMAZING.And the concept of faloodeh blew my mind. Imagine this for dessert: Frozen rose water vermicelli splashed with lime juice. It's really good.If you've never had Persian food and if you simply love Persian food, then this is the place to be.
Excellent food, excellent service. Very caring and considerate staff. They do everything to ensure you have the most enjoyable lunch/dinner. Definitely best persian restaurant in the Bay Area!!
FREEE appetizer with fresh greens and cheese. Also I tried the Kashke Bandejan. very nice eggplanty and garlicky and goes so well with the flat bread +the greens.Then I had the Zereshk polo, which is rice with barberries and chicken. the barberries' tartness goes super well with the chicken and sauce. couldn't finish the whole thing tho. also tried my friend's various kabobs. The joojeh (chicken was nice and tender) the MAHI was delicious (recommend it) and the koobideh (mix lamb and beef) was tender and flavorful. So we made a reservation for this place on a Thursday night. ended up showing up early around 6:40pm. it was still pretty empty at the time. However, it filled up fast. so i'm guessing, come early if you don't wanna wait or make reservation. but if you wanna eat anytime after 7p, make a reservation. the place is small and gets busy later on during the night.Also, they don't have a lot of servers it seemed. very nice ppl but may be a bit slower on the service. we got comfy bench and corner seating. fun decor and comfortable. will come back again if i'm in the area.
It was my first time trying this place and I'm very impressed.  I ordered their joojeh kabob which is their grilled chicken breast. The chicken was perfectly grilled and seasoned.  I loved the egglant appetizer and the starter they served was refreshing ( lavash, cucumber, tomatoes , fresh mint and feta cheese). The servers were very pleasant and helpful.  Overall excellent customer service and food! Oh and you HAVE TO ORDER THEIR CHOCLAVA FOR DESSERT! IT'S AMAZING!! I'll definitely be back.
I've been here twice and thoroughly enjoyed it both times. The restaurant is very cute but a little bit on the smaller side so it may not be great for a group larger than 4 or 5. The service is also very good. The first time, my friends and I shared 1 appetizer and 2 entrees (all vegetarian). We ordered the Sabzi Panir, which is similar to the appetizer they give you (for free) but a larger quantity. A combination of cucumbers, tomato, feta cheese, and lavash bread never tasted better. Its delicious! We couldn't decide between the two jeweled rices so we got both and both were really good but Zereshk Polo (sweet & sour) was probably my favorite. We left very, very full and quite happy with our meal. The second time, my friends and I shared a bottle of white wine and we each got our own entree. I loved the Zereshk Polo so much that I ordered it again and it was just as good as I remembered it. I should probably deviate and try something new next time but the dish is just too good to pass up!I've been to other Persian restaurants in southern California and I think this may be my favorite one. I highly recommend this restaurant for vegetarians and non-vegetarians since there are many options for both.
These guys are awesome !!Friendly environment, delicious foods and perfect service !!!!!!
Been here twice. The first time my friend had chosen the place for a night out. The second time, I asked her to come back her so I can get what I ordered the first time I went. I had the Zuricsh Pollo. It's a rice pilaf with shredded chicken, currents, rice, and cumin. I like the sweetness and tartness of currents, and I probably just ordered the dish because it came with the dried berries. II like that you get lavash, cheese, and fresh herbs with your meal. I recommend getting an the eggplant dip as well. It is quite tasty. Prices are good. You can even get a bottle of wine for as little as $18. Of course I ordered Persian Ice Cream for dessert.
the food was good but i mean, does it REALLY need to be that dark in there? couldn't even see what was happening in my mouth.
Probably the best place I ate at while in San Fran! Good food, friendly service! Overall a great experience. Their rose tea is fantastic.
Overall have had a mediocre experience in Lavash. Gloomy atmosphere, average food but nice staff
We had a large party. The restaurant automatically adds the 20% gratuity which I noticed on the menu. My husband came in late after searching for a parking space. He did not notice the 20% tip on the bill.  When paying, he added 20% tip. The person who took the payment did not alert him that it was added already. Because of this incident, we felt cheated and taken advantage of. We will not be returning to patronize and spend $200 here.There are too many other Persian restaurants in SF.
This place definitely gets PANJ stars (that's five in Farsi)!Okay so now that I've showcased my extensive grasp of the Farsi language let's move onto the review. I love this spot! The Persian food here is bomb! All of the main courses (or possibly most) come on top of a sheet of lavash bread. The bread is always perfect and adds a surprising amount of awesome to the dish. My go to (as in every single Persian restaurant) is the Koobideh (two skewers of minced meat made with spices served with rice and obviously lavash). It's cooked to perfection here. Tender, juicy, just good old fashioned NOMfest in your mouth. I've also tried some kind of fish here (sorry I forget which kind) and it was super good. My only dish that I've tried and not liked we're the prawns. They were actually pretty bad, but just avoid those and you should be golden. (You really have no business ordering prawns at a Persian restaurant anyway). You also get a plate of mint, veggies, and feta to go with some more lavash. It's an excellent free appetizer. The place is small so I suggest you call ahead and make reservations. The service is good and fast, and the prices are good for a Persian place. I'd recommend this spot for a date too. So if you're in the mood for some Persian this is a great spot!
What have I been waiting for? This place is beautiful! I love just sitting there. The food is delightful. I had a salad with meat and the lentil soup, who knew those two things good be so yummy?EXTREMELY friendly staff. Probably the nicest, sweetest people in all of SF out of any restaurant I have ever been too. Why can't more people be like them? Soooooo helpful and caring, they make sure you experience is perfection. It was.
I loved the food at Lavash Restaurant, it is the genuine Persian food, delicious!!!Their Chelo Kabab was excellent and so was the Fesenjoon.And the service was good too. I'd like to go again.
My place to go for persian food. It's soo good here! I recommend it!
Persian food lovers ATTENTION: This is the best Persian food I have ever had besides my grandma's. The place is decorated so cute. Its warm and cozy it makes you want to stay there. There was a nice fire burning when we walked in. Not a big place though I must say. It's pretty small but lovely.They start you off with naan bread squares, basil, mint, cucumbers, tomatoes, and feta cheese. I wish they had some slices of onion but I'm sure I could have asked.Then we got the Mast-o-Muir which is yogurt with shallots and spices. You must get this, this is something you put on everything. You dip your bread, you dip your meat, you rice into this delicious sauce. For my meal I got the Koobideh Kabob. It's moist meat of lamb and beef with spices. My favorite dish by far! They give you a nice grilled tomato on the side and rice with saffron. My mouth is drooling writing about this.Then my boyfriend got the chicken kabob, good but I liked mine more. Oh and we got a side of Tadig which is crispy rice.This is my NEW favorite place to eat. I can't recommend this place anymore you MUST go and MUST try.
My high school friend took me here for dinner and the food was AMAZING!! I had no expectations and so I was pretty blown away! The best Persian food in SF, hands down!!EVERYTHING IS EFFIN' DELICIOUS HERE AND YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED!
Owner lady has really bad attitude and not kids friendly place :( been going there lots of times but when I got there with two of my kids she didn't let me in. I will never go there
Quite cozy, romantic, and artsy feeling. The place just has a really good vibe to it. We made reservations and we didn't have to wait long at all. We were positioned at a kind of a awkward table, but it let me and the bf people watch--which is honestly one of my favorite pastimes.I got the house white wine and my boyfriend got the house red. I'm really picky about red wines, so I generally feel safer getting white, but the RED WINE WAS SO GOOD. I was jealous. The white seemed a little acidic for me, but I still enjoyed it.Dinner comes with a free appetizer with cheese and bits of bread. It was good. I ordered this beef and eggplant dish with this red tomato based sauce. Very good. My boyfriend got this salmon skewer, and this was sooo good and tender. The salmon just fell apart in your mouth and like literally bloomed with flavor. yum yum!For dessert, we got this chocolate baklava. Not so good. It SOUNDED delicious, but I wish we had gotten the normal baklava.OVERALL delicious. I'm glad we came!
This restaurant was a pleasant find on Irving St. The wait was ~30 minutes but it was well worth it! The restaurant is super small and you can see families coming here to eat. To start off, there was a salad of cucumber, tomato, feta, mint, basil, and cilantro to eat with slices of flat bread. The vegetables were fresh and tasty enough that I enjoyed it very much (and I despise cucumbers & tomatoes).We ordered the Lavash Special and even though it says for 2, it's a lot for 2 hungry people! A lot of meat... but it was a lot of yummy meat! I really wanted to try the Rose Tea after I saw that almost every other table had a cup a tea with a stick of rock candy immersed in it. Saffron rock candy... I must say that's very interesting! The restaurant was dimly lit and noise level was average. I would say this would be a great place to bring your date for good Iranian food!
First time trying Persian food:  Ordered: (4 people)Appetizer: Soup-e Adas- Lentil soup.. my mom really like it, but it was too much beans for meLavash Salad- First bite was a little bit weird because the dressing was a bit tangy and sour, but after a couple more bites with the raisin and apples it was delicious. Dinner: Had the two combination plate, which worked out great because I got to taste a little bit of everything. Joojeh- was a bit dry for me, but my bf and mom loved itKoobideh- was the winner, will defiantly order this again. the beef and lamb grind up together tasted so good, not gamy at all!!!!Barg- I really liked this too, but because I had the Koobideh, I wanted to fill my stomach up with the beef & lamb and leave the Barg for the rest of my partyShishlik- lamp chops was cooked just right- not overcooked and still was pinkish. very tender and juice. will defiantly order again. *I also substituted my rice with the Adas Polo- which wasn't a bad decision because I normally don't eat rice, so this was very unique for me, especially I love dates. BUT it is an extra $5.00. Dessert:Choclava- Soooo goood!!! but only get if your a chocolate lover because my parents complained there was soo much chocolate and too sweet. Makhloot- Not really my cup of tea because I dont like rose flavor anything unless its just tea. Bascially its Gelato with Rose flavor and Rose water noodle ( this noodle was interesting, it was almost as if eating raw ramen but if you leave it your mouth it slowing melts. I also tried their Rose Tea, it was so cute because it came with rock sugar on a stick and you basically stir it in your tea and let it melt to see how much sugar you want. Yum!!
We went as a big group. And the majority of us felt our dishes were on the bland side. It was very nice and clean, just not a lot of taste, and no condiments to make it better. Unfortunately my dish was left behind, to make it worse. Out of 10 people, mine was the only one came out 5 minutes or later after everyone else's. The desserts were so drastically different though. The gelato (bastani) was great, tiramisu was fantastic, and the rose water noodle (faloodeh) was to die for! I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2 just for the desserts!
Ever since I was a little kid, Persian food was a staple in my home. When my mom would decide not to cook dinner for one night, Persian food was always the first idea when she asked, "What do you want to eat out?". Ever since moving from Southern California, we had no Persian foods near us in the North Bay Area. My mom & I frequent San Francisco, but never got around to eating Persian food (surprisingly!). So we decided to use Yelp to find a good Persian place to eat, and Lavash came up. We checked out its Yelp page- good review & good prices - so we decided to go. It was delicious! Better than the 4 and 1/2 stars we saw on Yelp. My mom & I ordered the Joojeh and Koobideh (what we usually get when eating Persian food) for our main entrees...SO GOOD! Before your entree, you get a free appetizer platter with cheese, tomatoes, herbs, and lavash bread. With our free platter, we ordered salad shiraz and yogurt salad. It was very good! Better than the variations of these I've had in the past.My mom and I WILL be returning to Lavash. Great food, amazing prices, and perfect ambiance. A+++++
4.5 stars!I love this place! Nice cozy place, very romantic vibe, low lighting...perfect for a date :) We didn't wait long to be sitted and our food came at a reasonable time. We quickly made a comment of how service was great but we must have spoken too soon. Towards the end, it became touch and go, I had to ask for water and had to catch someone's attention for the dessert that we wanted. But staff was really friendly.We got the dolma for appetizer, ground beef wrapped in grape leaves. Super taste...the sour cream balances out the sweetness.I got the combination kabob of chicken and lamb. As in, it was really good. Meat was just tender and really tasty. It came with basmati rice and the whole dish sits on a plate of lavash bread. I enjoyed it a lot.For dessert we got bastani to share. This gelato is indeed rosy in flavor with pistachios, lovely! It got a little too sweet after a few teaspoons but that only means I get to eat the rest by myself.
I'll start with a slight mishap that is no biggie and long forgotten. My friend and I stopped into Lavash around 3:30 to make a same-day dinner reservation, and I could have sworn I saw our name being written in the book. When we returned on time, there was somehow no record of our reservation, but one of the staff members remembered us and honored our reservation. Onto the food... I love Persian food, and I always order koobideh. Lavash gave my friend and I a delicious and satisfying meal, starting with the complimentary appetizer of flatbread (just meh, dry white carbs) paired with a mild cheese, cucumbers, tomatoes and herbs (tarragon and mint). The koobideh was perfectly spiced and cooked, served over a large swatch of the appetizer flatbread. Koobideh is not a very saucy dish, but the bread soaks up what little sauce there is quite well. Don't forget to scrape the sauce-soaked bread off the dish because it has a ton of flavor. The rice was fluffy and perfectly cooked. I also loved the decor here - warm earth tones. The ambiance for dinner was romantic, with dim lighting and candles. All in all, a lovely meal in Inner Sunset!
I wanted to love this place. In fact, the food was really delicious, much like what my grandmother cooked. Unfortunately, it was the service that left a bad taste in my mouth. I ordered khoresh ghormet sabzi; it is one of my favorite dishes. The server asks, "Have you had that before?"Me: "Yes."Her: "Did you like it?"Me: "Yes. I'm Persian. I love it."Her: "Oh, because I don't recommend that dish for people who haven't had it before."Me: "Well, I'm Persian."Seriously, you're giving me attitude about the dish I ordered, which I have assured you I am familiar with and like? If people hate it so much, why have it on the menu?(It was delicious, by the way. Tasted exactly like it should.)Service didn't get better. Several times, I reached for my water glass, found it empty, looked for someone to refill it, gave up, repeated the process. I could see the servers all gathered around near the kitchen, talking and having a lovely time, while ignoring the diners and leaving me thirsty.I'd give Lavash 5 stars for food, and 1 for service. My rating here splits the difference. Good job, chef! Hope you find some better help.
This place was fantastic. Great service, great food, great location, and it helps me get to know my gf better.
I love this place for Persian food. I met up with a few friends for dinner, and loved the warm ambience. The place is pretty small but it feels cozy, rather than crowded. I shared an order of Dolma (stuffed grape leaves), and ordered the Adas Polo, a chicken and rice dish that was incredibly fresh and flavorful. The meat was very tender and the texture of everything was just fantastic - they are generous with portions, amazing leftovers, too! We shared a few other appetizers family-style. The menu has a lot of meat options but they are also quite helpful about substitutions with vegie kabobs - vegetarian friends seemed quite happy with their options.The service was attentive but not pushy - they answered questions but generally left our group to enjoy the food and drinks.
If I had to mention one dish, it would be the kashk-e bademjan. Lavash has the best, hands down. I had my usuals and I also tried the Mahi kabob, which was out of this world. My first experience was good, but this time it was superb. Yummy in my tummy.
Yelp app to the rescue. Thanks to everyone before me for reviewing this place. We were walking around Sunset and looking for a place to go but couldn't decide on what. After reading some of the reviews/tips we made our way here for an early dinner. Luckily we did that because they seemed pretty booked and squeezed us in before there 6:30 reservations. This place is a tiny, maybe 8-10 tables for 3 or more, and 3-5 two top tables. I highly recommend making reservations in advance.Now for the important part, the food. One word: AMAZING. We split the Shashlik combo, which is more than enough for two people. Each of the skewers were delicious and I wish I could have gnawed on the lamb chop bone and savor every last bit of it.... Why do we have to be so civilized??? The chicken was succulent and flavorful and the "kofta" kabob, which can normally be dry, was cooked to perfection.Notes: I recommend this place to locals and anyone visiting I've had good Middle Eastern food here in Chicago and I think this place surpasses any that I've been too.Parking is hard to find but Cabs are even harder to come by in this area and San Fran in general. The "N" line will drop you off right in front.
Excellent Iranian fare. This place has a small dining room, so keep that in mind. FOOD - The starter is their salad comprised of a stack of flat bread slices, basil, mint, cilantro, cucumber, tomato, feta. Always a good combo no matter in what context. One of my favorite starters.Then came one of the set for two plates, and it was delicious. It was pretty much like a sampler of several meats served with their saffron rice. Took a good amount of time to make a dent in it, and still had some to take home.PARKING - Always a challenge in this area, but may not be as bad as Irving 19th and up. There are a few small meter parking lots dotted in the area. Maybe take MUNI and make it a night in the area. Plenty of bars.OVERALL - Good lively atmosphere, friendly staff, and good/plentiful food for the money. But it can be a long wait (~30min) during the peak hrs.
This meal was a pleasant surprise. I wasn't excepting much, despite the good Yelp reviews, but the food was outstanding. The restaurant is a little small and cramped, but nicely decorated and the service was attentive. We were first given a table for 4, for our party of 5, but once another party left, we asked and moved to a bigger table. To start with I ordered the Mint Tea. When it arrived, I was pretty sure they had given me mint water and forgotten the tea, so I asked the waitress, who told me that it was made with white tea and that was the reason why it was colorless and so mild. After letting it steep a little longer, I was, finally, able to taste the tea. We ordered a Sabzi Panir for appetizers. It was basically a cheese and vegetable platter, with feta cheese, lots of fresh herbs and cucumber, nuts, tomatoes and lavash (bread). It was excellent. The flavors went together so well, and the fresh herbs added a refreshing taste to it. For the main course we ordered the Lavash Special, which was a mixed platter of their meat and vegetable kabobs with Lavash. The kabobs were terrific. Perfectly cooked, soft and moist, meat that had not dried up in the cooking. Something I'd definitely eat if we go back. We ordered a side of the Shishlik (lamb chops) which were also tender and beautifully spiced. The last dish on our table was the Bademjan - a beef stew, which the menu describes as having eggplant, tomatoes, and unripened grapes. I did have a little of the stew and it was tasty, but not as good as the kabobs and lamb chops were. The icing on the cake, after those delicious kabobs however, was the Baghlava and the Choclava. First of, the Choclava was a baghlava, with a little chocolate in it. I thought it was divine. The sugary layers just melted in my mouth and the chocolate left a lovely after taste. We decided then and there that we should order another slice and we ordered instead the baghlava, and oh my world! It was even better than the choclava. I have never eaten such a perfect baghlava before or after. It was crisp and when you cut into the slice, sugar syrup bubbled out to the surface, and when I put it in my mouth, it was flaky and crisp, but also sweet and syrupy and satisfying. I will go back to Lavash when I next go to San Francisco, for the love of kabobs and baghlava!
I've been to this tasty middle eastern restaurant 3 or 4 times and will go back for the wonderful safron rice and whatever that yogurt sauce is. The food is fresh and guilt-free for you weight-watcher types. They start you off with a complementary hor-d'oeuvres of cucumber, tomato, yogurt, cilantro, and flat bread. They have friendly service and don't rush you (too much to leave). The environment is small and intimate and the candles on the tables make it slightly romantic. My favorite dish is the safron rice that has mix-ins like raisins, some berry things, and I think there are maybe nuts in it too- wonderful tangy and savory flavors that change each bite. If you haven't tried middle eastern food, here is a good place to start.
Pros:As I have mentioned before, good Persian food is hard to find in SF, but Lavash takes the cake. They are particularly unique for having kotlet--a meat cutlet dish that is a "must try."Cons:Hard to park, UCSF garage around the corner.Fun:Fesenjan--get it, savor it, and enjoy it. This is the only time you will have pomegranate stew in your life, and it is tangy!
My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place after finding it on Yelp! We were pretty lucky to get a table since we did not have reservations. The restaurant is pretty small, with about only 10 tables, so reservations are highly recommended! To start, we ordered the roasted eggplant appetizer, which was AMAZING!! WOW. This is by far the best eggplant dish I've ever had! We pretty much licked the plate clean with our pita breads! We also received a refreshing plate of vegetables, cheese, and pita bread that was complimentary for everyone. The appetizers alone blew me away.For our entree, we ordered the "Taste of Persia" combo. This included a skewer fillet beef, a skewer of chicken, a skewer of beef and lamb, a skewer of roasted vegetables, and saffron rice. The skewers were ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!!!!! The meats were very well seasoned, tender, and cooked to perfection! Yum!!!! I loved it!!!!At the end of dinner, we were extremely stuffed and very satisfied!Overall, the service was very friendly and attentive, the ambiance was cozy and romantic, and the food was AMAZING!! I have fallen in love with this place and can't wait to come back!
The food is great, but be careful of random fees they add and they never tell you about it.
Outrageously rude staff!!! If you have any dignity or self-respect, never set foot in this restaurant.I wish I could give 0, but I can't. On a Saturday evening I decided to take my niece, who has flown all the way from Nashville, TN, to visit me, to a persian restaurant. We went to Lavash for the first time. The lady behind the counter, who seemed to be a typical nice and sweet persian lady, asked whether we had a reservation or not. I told her we did not, and was ready to leave, but she asked us to wait. A couple arrived right after us. They did not have a reservation either. The nice lady led me and my niece out and asked us to wait outside, in the cold and windy weather of an SF evening, until the table becomes ready! I saw through the window that she then seated the couple who arrived after us!!!I went inside and asked her for an explanation. She said that the table is too small for us. Such a lame excuse! How could the table be too small for us but not them. We are both average size and so were the other couple. I have never ever seen such a thing in my whole life.
This place is cute and comfy. We had the pomegranate juice and cherry refresher which were good. The little breads are light and fluffy. Kafka was a tasty appetizer. The beef,chicken and lamb dish was flavorful and seasoned well. Overall, the food was savory and satisfying.
Lavash is one of the many (many) smallish seemingly family run restaurants that grace the Irving/Judah/9th Ave area of the inner sunset (Go UCSF bears!) . And per yelpsters, Lavish is the best (sort by rating). Based on that we went. The service is extremely attentive and smiley. You will get taken care of and then some. Even if you are my vegi dad who will dream up all sorts of probing questions regarding soup bases and what not, they will do their very best to help you, while sporting huge smiles (crying on the inside?). I get the feeling that there's extra effort here due to their exalted yelp #1 standing, which they want to preserve. At any rate, they aim to please. That's for sure.The menu offers an array of persian dishes (obviously) and they use the persian names. Joojeh, Koobideh, Barg, and Shishik are all available. Thankfully, each persian name is followed by a common sense description.  So there's no problem, it just takes a few minutes to get your bearings and understand what's being offered. I have to admit though, to me the names sound Klingon-ish . Targ, Bahgol, Gladst, and Grapnok are all real Klingon foods (en.hiddenfrontier.com/in). Did Riker have some Koobideh in that episode where he was kidnapped by the sexy Klingon high priestess and almost killed young Wesley Krusher when under her spell and at the end got lucky with the priestess? Sounds about right.Anwyay, I opted for the the Koobideh. The picture on their website is super accurate (under the phone number lavashsf.com/page3/page3). Lavash bread on bottom + meat up front + mountain(s) of rice in the back + a few leaves of mint on the side. The meat was great. Tender, not too dry, and spiced to perfection. Excellent and tasty. But what's the deal with the mountain of rice drizzled with yellow sauce. It's like 4 servings of rice. Which is way too much rice for one person. And the yellow on white reminds of the time when it was snowing out and I had too much to drink and... Anyway, it would be nice to get some more sides.Little touches, like serving my Lagunitas pale ale in a stella glass (the distinctive goblet one) and grainy burnt tasting turkish coffee left me wondering if Lavash is really deserving of the high praise it's received.Overall lavash is good. It is. I would go there in a jiffy, if say for example, I needed to recharge after some hard studying for my rocket surgery final at Kalmanovitz Library. Or lets say, I just set a new personal best on the elliptical at the Millberry Rec Center. Then I'd be glad to stop in. No question. But to say that Lavash is the best of all the area restaurants and amazing and totally cool?? I have to say that they don't do enough to earn this.
I have eaten at many Persian restaurants and I will definitely return to Lavash. It is a small restaurant in the Sunset district. Parking was relatively easy or we got lucky. The food is great. They start with a small plate of paneer sabzi. We ordered the kashk e bademjun, which was very good. The Zereshk Polo is the best I have ever had. My husband had the joojeh and koobideh kabob, both were good. The service was pretty good, except for the chai/tea. We had to keep asking for refills.
I would love to give this place 5 stars if their service wasn't so damn bad. First visit, my friend and I arrived at 7:15 for a 7:30 reservation and was told we were "too early" and would have to wait which would have been fine but given there were 2 empty tables (one specifically was a table for 2), I thought our wait was unnecessary. When asked why we couldn't be seated at that table, we were told rudely it was reserved. Okaaaay, well last time I checked I had a reservation and being that you do run a business, wouldn't you want your restaurant at full utilization instead of having people wait for no apparent reason? By the time we sat down, that table was still available. Anyway, I just brushed that experience off as the lady being a stickler or a one off situation. Second visit, I was there with a date and he decided that he wanted to sit next to me instead of across. We made sure there was enough space for the table next to us to walk and given that the table was vacant, it shouldn't be a problem. The owner of the restaurant, which I didn't know at the time, walks behind him and pretends to have a hard time getting through and minutes later pops out of the little hole he went into and walks past him again hastily saying something to us about "the chair is supposed to there! Not here!" Then he walks away. Mind you, we had not idea who he was, thought he was just a patron too...that was just weird. If he wanted us to move back to the original seating, he could've just came up to us professionally (as an owner of a restaurant should) and asked us. NOT throw a tantrum like a 5 yr old kid. The rest of the night was uncomfortable, we kept getting the stink eye from him 2 tables away sitting with his buddies having dinner and on top of that, he had 2 of his employees come to us separately to inform us that it was fine to be seated this way but once the reserved party came, he would have to move (which he did willingly). That whole experience was just unpleasant as if we were unwelcome in the place.Yes, the food is good, Koobideh melts in your mouth and the lamb is super juicy without it being too gamey. Unfortunately though, I won't be giving them my business anymore due to their lack of customer service and their stickler-ish ways. I'll take my business somewhere else.
Met some friends for dinner during the weekend and decided on lavash. It was the first time I was eating there and was guided by yelp. Thanks to all my fellow yelpers, I had a wonderful culinary experience.we started with the Persian tea, mint tea, rose tea and the pomegranate juice. The teas came with a barberry jam as a sweetener. It was very different in taste. For appetizers we got the kookoo sabzi and the lentil soup. The lentil soup had a different type of lentil (most other places use the yellow lentil). The kookoo sabzi was nice but had a slightly tart taste to it.For the entree we got the joojeh (chicken) kabob with a side of vegetable skewer, shishlik and zereshk polo. All the dishes were fabulous. We also had the bastani and faloodeh. The bastani was amazing, but faloodeh was not my cub of tea. We ended the wonderful experience with some great Turkish coffee. I am ready to come back to this place soon.
Having lived for several years in Los Angeles, I was first introduced to Persian cuisine in a region that has a multitude of restaurants serving the large Persian community in Orange County. After returning to the Bay Area, I searched in earnest for a good Persian restaurant. Sadly, the few I found were not particularly interesting or consistent. Thankfully, I good friend recently took me to Lavash. The owner greeted us at the door and was very accommodating to a change in our reservation (recommended as the dining room is small) from four to two people. While we waited for them to set the table, he explained that the menu reflects "home style" dishes that he grew up with and still serves in his home. Those of you expecting the grand presentation of Southern California's Darya or the extensive menu of Westwood's Shamshiri should be prepared for a more intimate and simple plating. After thoroughly enjoying the complimentary Sabzi Panir. My friend and I split their combination platter for two and enjoyed the excellent Shishlik (lamb chops), Koobideh (ground beef kabob) and Joojeh (chicken kabob). We also ordered a side of Barg (grilled beef fillet). My favorite was the Shishlik as they were grilled to order (rare) and perfectly seasoned. The Barg was slightly overcooked, so in the future I would ask for it to be prepared rare as well. Upon request our very accommodating server was happy to substitute the regular Basmati with my favorite "jeweled" rice with Barberries, raisins and onions. Service was excellent and attentive. The prices were quite reasonable and the portions were generous. Upon our departure, the owner inquired as to our meal and when he saw that the Choclava had caught my eye, boxed two slices and sent us off with them with his compliments. I will definitely return and am very happy to have found a local Persian restaurant that does the cuisine justice.
Hands down best koobideh kabob I've ever had at a restaurant! I love how the lavash bread is underneath the rice and kabob so that it soaks up all the juices and that the kabob itself is so flavorful and juicy. Definitely not like many other Persian restaurants that have rubber like koobidehs. It's a small venue but the decor is nice and it has a kind of cozy vibe to it. I've been here multiple times and have yet to complain about the food, perfect every time. The only complaint is that I wish it wasn't 45min away!
We were here during lunch. We went here because of the great reviews on yelp. The place was nicely decorated. Honestly I didn't like how close we were sitting to the table next to us. Every table in the place had customers but there was only one very sweet host/waiter (one person doing both jobs) so we didn't get as much attentiveness from him as we'd usually expect at a restaurant. For example, my husband would have liked a refill on his soda but he was never asked if he'd like one. The dolmas were sold out, so was the yogurt drink & snapple. The meat had some hard pieces in it, ground bone maybe? Other then that the meal was ok. Not as exciting as I would have hoped. It was expensive for how simple it was. $22.00 for two kabob skewers served on lavash bread, side of rice, half a grilled tomato, a little fresh herbs & some raw diced onion. Will we eat here again? No, not that it was horrible, but it wasn't worth it to me. I'm confused by all the 5 stars, seems over rated.
Really nice Mediterranean place. Clean fresh, taste, consistent quality, good friendly staff. Reasonably priced for San Francisco. All their grilled Meats are very good.
Delicious! The lad and I were able to get a table without reservations because we dined early in this Saturday night. We started with kuku sabzi, which was delicious. Next up, the lad had the fesenjan, and I had the bakhtiari kabab combination. Though everything was tasty, the clear winner was the joojeh (chicken) kabab. I ordered dark meat for the joojeh, and it was juicy and perfectly cooked. The lad ate most of my chicken kabob, leaving us with lots of fesenjan and beef kabob for a delicious lunch tomorrow.
I'd agree this is excellent Persian cuisine. Seating is tight even with their new space next door. The "choclavah" is amazing.
The atmosphere and the smells were very nice. The hostess and waitresses were very courteous, kind and professional. But I wouldn't recommend this place...here is why.As we were walking by the area my son needed to use a restroom. The hostess was very welcoming. We asked if we could use the restroom and after some hesitation she let him use it. I thanked her and my kid went to the restroom. A man emerges from the kitchen and scolds the hostess in front of everyone for letting the kid use the restroom. Hostess and waitresses tried to play it off. This was the owner. He had every right to refuse...I get that. On the other hand these are the customer service things that make or break a restaurant. I bought some dessert from them...not as a courtesy or the principle of being a customer, but to prove that he was being judge mental on a child that needed to use the restroom. The man got this. There was never an apology. If the owner can't be decent to a child or professional to his staff, consider this before you plop your money on supporting this place. The place is classy...but classy is always more than looks and vibe. Maybe your experience will be different, but you've been warned.
All I am going to say is ...Choclava. Freaking choclava! Why didn't I think of adding chocolate to baklava before? Seriously. OMG, it was delicious. If I was on death row and I had to order my last meal, I would ask for Lavash's choclava.
A great place for a date. Dim lights with a fireplace....intimate and romantic! Came here on a Saturday around 8pm. We got the table that next to the fireplace. It was really nice for the first five minutes but it was getting too WARM later....Luckily the waitress was so nice to move us to another table by the window....hehe that was much better.The atmosphere of the restaurant was very nice...cozy, intimate, romantic and (warm). Everyone was so friendly, sweet, polite, helpful and efficient. We ordered:Yogurt Salad - OMG it was so good. Creamy and rich....Sabzi Panir (fresh herbs, feta cheese, cucumber, tomato, walnuts and grapes and served with Lavash bread) - All ingredient were so fresh. It was good to eat with the yogurt saladAash-e Reshteh (Persian noodle soup with fresh herbs, lentils and chickpeas) - Flavorful and rich. It was kinda different than the normal lentils soup. At first, it tasted little bit weird but once I get used to the taste, I got hooked.Soup-eAdas (lentil soup spiced with ground cumin, carrots & celery) - Again rich and flavorfulJoojeh (chicken breast & thigh meat marinated in lime, olive oil & saffron seasoning) - It was so good.....the chicken was tender and full of flavors. I especially like the rice....Koobideh (two skewers of mixed ground beef & lamb with saffron seasoning) - I don't eat beef and lamb but I still tried little bit of the lamb. Very good. Too bad my friend and I were too full for dessert. Next time I have to try it!
We made reservation on a Friday night at 6:30 pm. When our group of 5 arrived at 6:30 pm sharp last week, we were told that we were 30 mins late. The manager consulted the book, and I saw our original booking time was crossed out, and 6pm was written instead. It is odd! We were told that another group is coming at 7:30pm.Ever since we sat down, the waitress has been constantly rushing us. While we still have food on plate, she came to take it away. At that point, I got mad and told her not to rush us. The waitress came back later said she simply wanted to remove our plate because some customers don't like to have dirty plate in front of them. Food is not bad. It is our second try. But they did family style for us, as requested, so each portion is smaller (vegetable and Lavash), so order seperately and don't put a few orders on one plate. When the bill came, a 18% tip was added in automatically.( It is written on the menu.) The waitress got lucky, as we didn't plan to tip high due to her bad attitude. Even my 7 year old later said this is not fair as the waitress doesn't have to be nice.
Dropped by for lunch today. This place is quaint but the tables are too small. They are good for drinking coffee at a coffee shop, not for having a meal. There is only one table that can seat 5. The rest are for 2, 3 or 4 but the tables are tiny so be careful if you want to order several dishes to share.We started with the Kashk-e Bademjan (seasoned roasted eggplant, garnished with sundried yogurt sauted onion, roasted garlic, mint flakes & saffron). It was nice but I expected a little more flavor. Majority of the flavor came from the fried garlic that topped it.Lavash Salad (spring mix with feta, walnut, raisin, fresh herbs, & apple served with a special house dressing). The ingredients were nice but it was nothing special; it was just a regular salad. A more lively dressing would have been nice.I wanted to order the Shishlik (lamb chops) but they ran out at last night's dinner. Really? I think it is normal to run out of ingredients during dinner service but shouldn't they get more before lunch the next day, especially on a Saturday? Major disappointment.Instead, we ordered the Koobideh (skewer of mixed ground beef & lamb with saffron seasoning) & Barg (sliced fillet of beef brushed with saffron seasoning). The Barb was juicy and nice. The Koobideh was the best dish; it was tender, juicy and flavorful. I recommend this dish.I ended the meal with the Baghlava. It was the best Baghlava I've ever had. It was actually light and not too sweet. Most Baghlava I've eaten before is dense and too sweet. I asked and they said they don't make it themselves. What I really want to find out is who is supplying their Baghlava :)Overall, I think this is a good place to try.
This is a legit Persian restaurant. Love the cozy ambience. Service could be a little more attentive but maybe we caught them on an unusually busy evening. Food was decent, wine was delicious. Would definitely return!
Service- fantastic. Restaurant- small, yet comfortable. Food- absolutely delicious. I have dreams about their Dolma, it is so unbelievably good. The only thing I would advise people is to make a reservation. It is a fairly small and popular place, so it can fill up fast.
Awesome Persian food. Very rich. Kinda pricey. Went for lunch with two friends. We got tadig ($3.50 appetizer), bademjan ($17), koobideh ($16), and joojeh kabob ($13). Good service and very cute interior. Quiet and intimate
This is a nice an authentic restaurant in San Francisco. The food is tasty and the service is good. I went there a couple of years ago based on the yelp reviews I saw then. It had 4.5 stars but it is really not the best Persian place I had been to. It is very small and there is no parking and the quality of food is above average so I do recommend it. But don't go there with wild expectation that this would be the ultimate Persian food.
3 1/2* Nice Persian ambiencePersian tea was good; tasted like orange pekoeLarge portion of joopeh soltani and chicken kabob with rice over lavash was goodGrilled lamb kabob was delishLoved the salad with cheese and mintFood service by Nazila was friendlyHave wineBaklava for dessertLittle on the expensive sideCute little bathroom
Just Real Authentic and Delicious Persian Foods! Highly recomend their Coobideh kebab, its the best in the SF area!
First time trying Persion food and I wasn't disappointed. I used to live within walking distance and every time I passed by it was always jam packed. Came by on a Wednesday night around 8:30PM and there was a 20 minute wait! They said they'd call us if we left a cell # so we did and moseyed over to a nearby cafe to wait it out. We never got a call so we decided to go back and there were at least two empty tables waiting for us. Next time I'll def be waiting at the restaurant instead of wandering off. We ordered the Lavash special and it was plenty of food for 2 people. It came with two pieces of lamb and a skewer each of beef, chicken and veggies (this is deciphered from the menu because all the terms are in persian?). The lamb was delicious, the meat just literally fell off the bone and there was no game-y after taste. They also gave us a complimentary plate before our meal which had a yummy selection of bread, cucumbers, tomatoes, some type of cheese and mixed herbs. While the food was all good, the service dept was a bit lacking. It wasn't horrible but it probably took them a good 30 min+ to get us our food even though the place wasn't packed.
Perfect perfect service :)Decent wine list and amazingggg food. For two, Taste of Persia (includes a chicken, beef, pork and vegetable skewer each) is a great and delicious option. Ambiance with dim lighting is perfect for a romantic dinner. We'll definitely be back!!
What a find! My partner and I have been looking for Persian food in the city and were told to come here.The food was delicious. We went for lunch and split the Soltani, YUM! The beef is so fresh and tender. The rice could have been a little warmer, but I'm splitting hairs. I can't wait to try other dishes.I have found my new favorite Persian restaurant!
I lived a block away from Lavash for more than two years and never stopped in for dinner.What a mistake that was.I ate here a few weeks ago and had one of those meals that you think about for days, weeks, (months?) afterward. Absolutely fantastic food. Incredible service, too.I can recommend that you splurge and order the Lavash sampler plate (around $37 and enough food for two) to try all of the delicious kabobs the place has to offer. (Kabob Koobideh was the highlight. Do NOT skip out on this, even if ground beef/lamb does not sound like an appetizing combination. It was mind-blowing, I assure you).For dessert, do NOT skip the regular baklava. Positively delicious.Lavash is a great place to go for a quiet dinner and is a great date spot. You also won't feel uncomfortable here in jeans and a T-shirt if it's early in the evening.
Ambiance: romantic/cute- awesome place for a nice dinner out. I went out with a few of my girlfriends to celebrate the end of a stressful quarter and we all loved the food and experience. Food: I ordered the joojeh (chicken) kabob- flavorful pieces of chicken with lime and saffron seasoning- all sitting on atop of rice and a thin lavash. We paired our meals with a delicious (and affordable) wine.We each spent about ~$28-30-definitely worth it. I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone craving persian food.
In an intimate, cozy setting, Lavash dishes up some of the best Persian food in the Bay Area.Lavash offers a comfortable, warm experience--a taste of the Middle East right in SF. The dining area is intimate (i.e. small), but not cramped. Ask for the table near the fireplace--a real bonus on a typical, cold night in the Inner Sunset. The Shiraz salad ($3.50) was fresh, crisp, and perfect starter. Smooth and velvety, the kashk-e badmejan (eggplant dip with roasted garlic topped with saffron, $6) was an excellent accompaniment to the meal. Tasty and tender, the mixed kebab plate of beef and chicken was grilled to perfection. The fesenjoon (chicken with walnut pomegranate sauce, $15) was made just right--savory and neither too sweet nor too oily. Service was attentive. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful, explaining the menus in careful detail. Lavash offers very drinkable house wines at reasonable by the glass prices (~$10) and a short, yet not disappointing, by the bottle wine list.Nazila and Saeed Talai, Lavash's owners, do their Persian heritage proud. Whether you are a Persian food expert or a neophyte, Lavash is sure to please.
Awesome little restaurant with very good food and prices. Barg kabob and the special Adas Pollo rice is fantastic.
Two words: FRESH and JUICY.You can't go wrong choosing which kebab to get. Everything is delicious. Even their bell peppers are delicious - they're so fleshy that they taste like ripe fruit.Service was also excellent. The place is small so there is always staff nearby, whom are attentive, pleasant, and highly responsive.
Excellent restaurant. Great, tasty food. Well-cooked, good quality ingredients and good service. It was the first time I tried Persian cuisine and I loved it. 100% recommended.
Was there on a weekend night and very full. Very popular and highly recommended by business friends of mine. Liked the footd. No atmosphere to speak off and very small and crowded. Good service. Overall good for persian food but not the best persian I had. The best is still in LA.
Hands down this is the best persian restaurant in the bay area. No matter what you take you get the best food. I usually get their koobideh kabob and boneless chicken. It's just unfortunate that the place is so small.
The low stars are for the service, not the food. I really enjoyed my entrees and appetizers. Those were excellent and comparable to other Persian food I have had. Unfortunately, the service on the night we went was VERY bad. We were seated at a very small table which could barely fit our two entree plates and our teas. Therefore, when the entrees came out, we were (no joke) left holding our appetizer plates in the air until we could flag someone down to box them up. Instead of boxing them up themselves, they dropped off two boxes and I had to use the space on the bench I was seated on to box up my food. They were nice enough to box my friends' food up after dinner but left the box on an empty chair they brought over from the table next to us??? It was so odd. 'I will not be dining here again because the service was so bad.
This place is awesome! The server was very accomodating, informative, and nice! The food was excellent. The lamb is better than most Persian restaurants I've visited! Prices are also pretty typical of a decent SF restaurant. Great experience!
Everything I want to say the reviewer underneath me said!! I live a block away, and have for 2 years, and never came here.Then we thought, what the hell, we'll give it a go.Oh. My. Holy holy.This place is legit. My experience with kabobs has always amounted to dried out meat on a stick. I am so happy to have my opinion changed. We had the Lavash sampler plate. Here's what you get: 2 of the most amazing lamb chops you have had in your life. A chicken kabob that is so moist you think it must be undercooked. It's not, they just know what the hell they're doing. A beef/lamb skewer with to die for flavor. All this with lovely grilled vegetables, all on top of a piece of lavash that is soaking up the juices from this heavenly goodness you are about to devour. Oh, and did I mention, all this comes with the most amazing saffron rice ever. I don't even care about rice and this rice was outta this world!!Our server was very sweet and the front desk woman was very accommodating, especially since we didn't have a reservation. I would say it's generally a good idea to have one since they are pretty busy. The service was a little spotty throughout the meal but there were good intentions and if we had really needed anything there were plenty of staff walking by that we could have flagged down. Overall, I was completely blown away by this little neighborhood restaurant and I've been drooling of the thought of it for the last few days!
Best gift I give to myself. I love their food and their cozy place. Reminds me of home. I like the way they're taking care of customers with herbs and cheese at the beginning and Persian tea at the end. Can't wait to go back.
Yummy! For starters we had an eggplant dish kashk-e bademjan (basically baba ganoush). It was tasty. Combined with a Sabzi Panir (herbs, lavash bread, fresh cheese) it was very refreshing and tasty!  I had the koobideh (ground beef + lamb kebab) while my fiancee had the zereshk polo. I think my dish was very, very tasty. The kebabs weren't gamey at all! However, my fiancee thought they went overboard with barberries in his jeweled rice. Though, he said it was tasty except for that. I think its just the type of dish anyways! Try the koobideh if you like meat!A tiny restaurant, so a group up to 4 seems like the sensible limit for a dinner date.
i always fancied myself as someone who goes with the flow. flexible and easy going. maybe this has never been true and i am only willing to admit it now. but i am discovering i am a single minded person. and last week when my parents were going to take me out to celebrate, my heart was set to have izakaya at a place i had bookmarked for months. but a 45 minute wait with parents in tow was not going to work.i started to pout, and pulled up yelp because my mom was pointing to random restaurants across the street, "how about that place?" um, no.with yelp directing, we ended up at lavash. no reservation needed, table for 4 on a weekend night. and my mom was pleased to see the niman ranch sign in the window. we had delicious food, great service and pleasant atmosphere. and we could even hear each other talk! thanks lavash for helping me seem cool and easy going.
The food is gorgeous! The rice cooked and buttered to perfection, the meat succulent and tender, the food flavorful. My only grievance with Lavash was that they did not honour my reservations. I had a reservation for 8 PM, and they did not have a table ready (it is a small and busy restaurant!). We were seated in their space next door, which isn't as quaint or inviting as their main restaurant space. We were asked to share a table with another couple, which is fine. But after another half hour elapsed, the hostess asked us if we were ok to just have our dinner there. After ensuring that we would not have to share our table during the course of dinner (waiting, with drinks, was fine) we agreed. But still, the food more than made up. Yum!
As I've stated in a review for the other major Persian restaurant in town, Maykadeh, I've been blessed to have grown up with the gastronomical genius that is my grandma, which in turn set my standards quite high when it comes to Iranian food. That said, (although not up to par with the top options of LA's "Tehrangeles") in comparison to the Persian spots in San Fran, Lavash tops my listAMBIANCEI've been dragged along to my share of Iranian "mehmooni's" (think My Big Fat Greek Wedding style dinner feasts) and I would say the warm lighting, Mediterranean decor, inviting vibe and hospitality of the owners here definitely mimics what I've come to expect as an ambient ccompaniment to my Persian dining experienceFOODAlthough I was a bit disappointed with my meal on my last visit, I do think this experience was a anomaly and not norm. Every other time I've had some great entree's, with my favorite being a popular appetizer KASHKE BADEJAN (sauteed eggplant puree w/garlic, mint, onion and yogurt with a pungent touch). Lavash Special or Taste of Persian for two is a good deal for those who'd like to try the different carnivorous options and also have the appetite of a lumberjack, such as myself...Make sure to finish off your meal with MAKHLOOT (a mix of lime sorbet and saffron + rose water-infused ice cream speckled with pistachio) mmm
I went here on a sunday, at 7pm. If you are w/ a group of friends, just carpool. It's very hard to find parking. The restaurant was crowded too, me and my friends (the 3 of us) had to wait for 20 mins to get a table. The restaurant is very small and we got the middle table. So sometimes when people have to go to the toilet or waiters delivering food, we always had to scoot somehow so that their butts won't touch our head. It's a bit annoying. I'm sure if we get the other tables it would've been a more pleasant experience.The food was very great! I ordered the 4 lamb skewers, which is not skewers at all. They were lambchops. I must say that it was the YUMMIEST lamb i've ever tasted in SF, maybe because it was medium rare. They didn't ask me how I want it cook, so if you don't want it medium rare, be sure to ask!Also order the eggplant dish under appetizer, it's worth it. share it w/ your friends, you won't be able to finish it all by yourself!All in all I spent $33 (for the eggplant n my lamb chops) including tip.I had a pleasant experience tasting peruvian food. Will definitely come back again.
We make this a choice destination whenever we will be in the area! The food is delightful and the atmosphere is cozy. We truly enjoy all of the kabobs. The rice is light, airy and doesn't clump. We have never had a bad experience here and we plan to be back soon!
Went there after hearing so many good things about their koobideh. The atmosphere was nice, and the ambiance was there (actually a good date place) but the koobideh was mediocre and too expensive.Recommend it for a date night with your SO. If you want good koobideh and are willing to drive a bit for it, try Rose international market or Pineapple Grill in Mountain View. They are much cheaper and koobideh tastes great and are owned by the same family. The drive is totally worth it!
There is Persian restaurants and then there is LAVASH. Words can't describe how good it was. Seriously! You HAVE TO try it out for yourself. Everything was truly amazing. Food quality was top notch. If you go then DO NO FORGET to order the KASHK E BADEMJAN! Enough said. LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE. Can you please open a location in Los Angeles? Pretty please???
I probably would've given this place a 5 star rating- when they were new and hungry for business. However, they have now grown enough that they think they no longer need to care about one or two customers returning because of bad service... Not realizing bad customer service will eventually effect their business.Here is the events of what made me say, "Enough" and haven't gone back since. I was there on a Thursday night. Our reservation was at 6pm. We had appetizer, dinner, and we were working on our desert with tea, with a little left in our bottle of wine that was left. At appx. 7:05pm- the waitress brought our check (didn't ask if we wanted more tea, or anything else... ) She just dropped the check off- took the bottle of wine and asked if we could finish our wine at the front, because they needed the table. Are you kidding me? I have been there for one hour- I've ordered and ate as fast as the service has permitted... my bill is over $100- and I am finishing up desert and now you are kicking me out of my seat since you already made your money? We had half of choclava and trimusso left on our table and we were still eating!!  (I would understand if we had been there for a few hours and treating the place like a coffee shop- just hanging out- but we were not. We were there for 65minutes. I was SOOOOOOOOOOO embarrassed in front of my boss (who I had convinced to try Iranian food). Now we are forced out of our table? I was actually going to mention it to Nazi when we were walking out- that she will probably never see me again. But didn't want to be confrontational. Afterall, I am Iranian- and for all I know- will be related one day! Another incident was when I sent two of my friends there- and apparently at 4:55 they would not let them in until 5;05, and they had to stand out in the cold. (they open at 5). Then when they went in, they were told by the waitress that tea wasn't ready, neither was tah dig.. so they couldn't order it. I will say, the food was always good, but it is wayyyyy over priced now. Good old days when they were reasonable! If you live in SF- spend the 20 min it will take you to get to Richmond District- and use it to get to Shalizar in Belmont. GREAT food AND SERVICE.  It takes the same amount of time if you have a car. Sorry for the bad review... but you deserve it.
I lived in Iran for a couple of year in the 70s and was very excited to eat here. Sad to say I was disappointed. The chicken was dry, the fesanjan overly sweet, and overall the food was just ok. Too bad.
"Food was amazing, every dish was well executed and more then enough food. 2 stars because we sat there most of the time unattended...waited 15 mins for the check and finally had to flag down a server to get one. Will try again because food was so wonderful, but will be sure to have plenty of time to sit around waiting.
just so so
I have also eaten at Maykadeh Persian Cuisine with a Persian friend of mine which was yummy.Went to visit the De Young museum to check out Jean Paul Gaultier collection and decided to eat here for lunch. We ordered the yoghurt salad, King Prawn kebabs and Meat ball kebabs.Yoghurt salad - you are served flat bread, cubed tomatoes, cucumber, feta cheese, herbs with a side of yoghurt sauce (with cucumber pieces in it). It was refreshing and yummy but I wished there was more feta cheese, tomatoes & cucumbers to go with the yoghurt sauce. (It's okay though as we ended up eating the yoghurt sauce with our entrees later)With both King prawn & meatball plate kebabs you get a massive amount of rice. I noticed this at Maykadeh Persian restaurant as well - maybe it is a Persian thing to have plentiful amount of rice with every dish?I really enjoyed my meatball kebabs. My friend who had the king prawn kebab plate thought the veges were too sour (and I tasted them too - they were sour - maybe too much lemon?) but the prawns were good.We were too stuffed to have any dessert or tea (I only ended up eating half my dish!).Service was friendly and prompt (mind you we were there at 3pm when the restaurant was relatively quiet)It's a place I'd be happy to come back to!
Absolutely DELICIOUS!!!! wow. And my white friend was also blown away. Order the Fesenjan all the way!! Double rainbows!! What does this mean? Best Iranian cuisine I've had in the city by far. Keep going back. Thank you!
Hands down the best restaurant in the inner sunset 9th ave area. Everything on the menu tastes very fresh, well seasoned, and deliciously fragrant. My boyfriend and I usually always order Sabzi Panir and Dolma appetizer. I love the Koobideh, and always take home their Baklava. Their service is exceptional and makes you want to come back next week.
Yelp definitely did not disappoint with this recommendation when I searched for places to eat around Golden Gate Park. We dropped in at around 1PM on a Saturday and the restaurant was near empty...as most places that did not serve brunch seemed to be. We were originally planning to order separately, but when my boyfriend's chicken pomegranate was not yet available, we decided to order a Lavash Special combo plate for 2, which really turned out to be the way to go: (yelp.com/biz_photos/MnGe)First, a complimentary appetizer arrived with chopped cucumbers, tomatoes, feta, mint, and pieces of lavash. Then our combination plate arrived, along with two absolutely enormous plates of rice. One would have easily been enough. The following meats and veggies were arranged nicely on a long rectangular plate:--Shishlik (Lamb chops): Yum! I don't usually order lamb, even though I don't dislike it. These chops were cooked very well. --Joojeh (chicken breast/thigh): Big chunks of meat in lime/saffron/onion marinade. --Koobideh (ground beef/lamb): Really really fantastic. I was a little skeptical because I don't love ground beef, but I loved how tender, juicy, and slightly sweet this was. --Vegetables (Bell peppers, tomatoes, onions): My boyfriend ate most of these, as I am not a huge bell pepper fan (my this review makes me sound picky). But he really liked the grilled veggies. At $29.95, I thought this plate was a pretty good deal. We were both completely stuffed and happy by the end of lunch.
Thanks yelpers for recommending what to order.Food: 4/5Service: 3/5Ambiance and decor: 4/5Warning: Lavash is tiny and reservations on weekends are recommended! The phone number listed on their website and yelp's website didn't work....we tried calling for reservations while we were driving there, and got forwarded to something that sounds like a VM, 4 times. I also noticed that none of them answered the phone when I was there for dinner between 6:30-8pm, unless they were answering calls in the kitchen. They give you a comp appetizer: lavash, basil, goat/feta cheese, tomato, and cucumber. The Koobideh was absolutely delicious! Basically, it is two skewers of ground beef and lamb. I was able to try my date's Mahi kaBOB, but I didn't really like it. We both agreed that the Koobideh was the winner for the night. The Mahi kabob was TOO "fishy" for me, especially since I don't like fish. I enjoy fish entrees that don't like taste like fish (yes, don't judge me! =D)the price was decent. Would be back for the Koobideh.Service was not the best, and food came out really slow--25 minutes after we placed our order! The decor is quaint and cozy!
Try persian tea with sugar cubes!! You'll never forget it. Kashk e bademjoon is also highly recomended!
This place is COZY and FOOD is D-Lish.Has something for everybody, vegetarians, pescatarians, and carnivores alike.IF you want to hang out for longer periods, I recommend going at a non-primetime hour...Great location too :)
This place has over 600 awesome reviews already so I don't even know what more I can say about it but OMG IT WAS SO GOOD.Everything we had was sooo delicious- from the complimentary appetizer with YUMMY feta cheese, herbs and bread, to the AWESOME persian noodle soup, and especially, ESPECIALLY my combo plate of koobideh and joojeh. The meat was SO tender and juicy and had amazing flavor. I ate every bite! And I am pretty sure that all we talked about during the meal was how UNBELIEVABLY GOOD it was.We also couldn't help having some dessert- choclava, which, yes, is chocolate baklava, and it is really yummy, and bastani- Persian ice cream made with pistachio, saffron and rosewater, which had a fantastic flavor.My husband and I have plans to stop in San Francisco on a road trip next summer and there is no way I'll be going anywhere near the Bay Area without some Lavash!
What can I say? Lavash has the best Lavash in SF!I arrived there at 7pm with a half-packed restaurant. I didn't have a reservation and it was pretty apparent the place would soon be full. However, the staff was still able to seat us with a prime location!Food: Excellent! ordered Koobideh (my personal favorite. lamb+beef *drool*) and prawns kabobService: Excellent! attentive but not overbearingAmbiance: Great! Gets loud, but the acoustics still allow you to hear the rest of your table clearlyHighly recommend to anyone who wants delicious Mediterranean food
This place is really good. I've been coming for years, and I think they have the most authentic Iranian food in the city.Chicken and beef are always high quality and very consistent. Joojeh is my favorite, but the Barg is also really good. I also like the Bademjan (eggplant) appetizer.Staff are really nice too.The one issue I have is reservations...in typical Middle Eastern fashion, reservations are kind of meaningless. So if you have a reservation, don't be surprised if you have to wait a few minutes. They always seem a little surprised when you actually show up for the reservation and then scramble to open up a table.But at least the staff are nice and apologetic.Definitely recommend this place.
Lavash... You are awesome.So, during a romantic weekend get away to San Francisco for my gf's bday, i decided to plan as much detail into it. I've been to a handful of Persian restaurants. My girlfriend is Persian and she and her family cook the most incredible Persian food I've ever had. That was until coming here. We were both amazed at how incredible everything was. I will be back to San Francisco, n maybe only for Lavash, but I will be back.I urge you to order the Kashk-e Bademjan... you will be amazed.
My parents took me to a very dissapointing dinner at Lavash last Saturday. We had a reservation for a party of four at 8:30, and upon arrival we were seated promptly. The ambiance and decor at Lavash was pleasing, and the service was very attentive. I wish I could say the same about the food. We ordered everything family style, and we were looking forward to having a great meal. Instead, every single item fell short of our expectations except for the Ghormeh Sabzi. Persian restaurants are known throughout the world for their kebabs. This restaurant fails miserably in terms of quality, texture, and flavor profile. We ordered the Joojeh kebab, Koobideh kebab, and Barg. The meat quality in all of them was horrible, chewy and flavorless, and most importantly there was an annoying gas/charcoal smell from the Barg kebab. We were compelled to bring this to the attention of our waiter, a fine Morraccan fellow, who tried to convince us that they don't use any fuel on their charcoal, but admitted that the Barg was not Filet Mignon but instead sirloin tips. Usually most fine Persian restaurants use Filet Mignon for their Barg kebabs. This place has yet to catch up with the quality of meat in all of their kebabs. The next day my parents called and talked to the owner/manager, and her excuse was that they very busy and the kitchen was not up to par with the overwhelming crowd. To that I say both the owners were outside sipping wine, nonchalant to the chaos in the kitchen. What baffles me the most about these small family owned businesses, is that they work so hard to make a living but they fail to execute the most important aspect of a restaurant which is the quality of the food. You can put gold and silver to decorate your restaurant, but if the food does not come out right you have nothing. I can only give two stars and I'll never return.
I really don't understand the hype with this place. I've tried their koobide, jooje and bademjan on a few separate instances and in all instances the food was mediocre. Bademjan was good but a bit too sour. The service has also been pretty mediocre. The main positive point about this place is the decor and ambience which is unique and charming. Also for takeout the presentation and packaging was impressive.
I can't understand how this restaurant got such great reviews. Or maybe I can. The food was smothered in butter. The rice had a huge chunk of melted butter on it.I'm a healthy eater, and this was a big turnoff. Also, it didn't taste that great, unless you just love the flavor of butter.This was true for both my dish and my wife's dish.The meat and various dishes were okay, but nothing exceptional. Both of us left feeling like we'd consumed a week's worth of fat.We won't be going back unless they make it healthier. Someone needs to tell them drenching everything in butter doesn't make for good cooking.
Great home style Persian cuisine here - very family oriented and nice to come out of Inner Fog to grab a meal here. What I find fascinating about Persian food is it seems so light yet fills you up in a surprising way - I am always stuffed at the end of a Persian meal. Went for the sample platter of kebobs, lamb, chicken, etc., accompanied by rice, cucumbers, mint and a hot sauce that is subtle yet makes your head sweat!! Very good service and great food - little tight on space, yet makes it a bit more homey that way!
This place is AMAZING!!!I come here with my girlfriends whenever we want to spoil ourselves. The wait staff is friendly and attentive, and the food...THE FOOD. oh my god THE FOOD! Anyone who's ever been to Shamshiri in LA...this place is better!We always get the yogurt salad, aash-e-reshteh, and kashk-e bademjan to start. Also, I don't really like chicken but their Joojeh kabobs are so fantastic that I always have to get some here!I like to order one of the combo entrees (both the barg and koobideh are great) so I can have a bit of everything.Also, the food here is easy to share. Big portions, and the food is really filling. Don't let your eyes be bigger than your stomach, or you'll be taking home leftovers...which isn't so sad because this stuff reheats deliciously at home, too!
Not a value for money. A simple rice with some toppings costed $19. And unfortunately we ordered three expecting something better. Not great in taste.
The service is great. I believe the couple that own and run this place have their sons to wait on tables (not sure). Unfortunately the food was just OK. Don't order the "ghorme sabzi"; it was very greasy and tasteless. The chicken kabob (all breast) was dry and not juicy at all. I probably prefer "Maykadeh" on Green & Broadway. But you have to try and judge for yourselves.
I challenge everyone to seek out food from the Middle East that is not in kabob or falafel or gyro or shawarma form. The soups and stews are way more complex and sadly grossly underrepresented in dining culture in this country. Lavash was great for offering the rarer dishes bursting with exotic flavors. Only wish this place made their namesake bread from scratch rather than getting it from a supplier. Aash-e Resteh: Tons of greens and herbs, it must be healthy! The noodles weren't very firm, but they were dense like a thinner udon. There were some sort of beans way bigger than lentils that were very hearty. The yogurt on top was tasty and there were some sort of fried herb, perhaps burnt mint? Sounds funny, but adds an awesome flavor and chewy texture contrast.Sabzi Panir: No special preparation, just a lot of tasty stuff on one huge feta cheese platter! Lavash bread squares, cilantro, tomato, etc. Big enough for two or more people to share as an appetizer.Bademjan: Unripe grapes? I had to try it just for that ingredient. The resulting effect of a stewed unripe grape is like an olive without a pit; I was a definite fan. The eggplant pieces were huge and could have been a bit more bite sized, but still did a great job soaking up the broth. The beef itself was tender, but the real star was the flavorful stew base.Fesenjan: Ground walnut and pomegranate is like a Persian pesto! Such a rich, earthy tone with just the right amount of sour/bitter. It really helped bring common chicken to the next level.Koobideh: Minced beef and lamb in a kabob form. Seared well. Tasty. Glad I got it as only a side portion, perhaps more spices or sauces are needed.Bastani: Pistachio, rose and saffron gelato. Creamy and great flavor blending. A lot more notable when contrasting the faloodeh in the makhloot combo!Faloodeh: I haven't had faloodeh like this before. The thin vermicelli noodles were frozen in shaved ice with a rose undertone. Then freshly squeezed lime juice is offered to pour over for a great sour contrast. Big fan!Doogh: Salty carbonated yogurt drink from a bottle. Super yuck!
The food is great! It's small and cozy inside with a great staff. Will definitely be back!
I heart Lavash. The food is delicious. They do a lot of nice little extra touches that really make it stand out from some of the other persian joints in the city like Maykadeh and Alborz (their doogh is the best around!). If you want something delectable and typically Persian, I highly recommend the ghorme sabzi. Save room for persian ice cream and faloodeh for dessert! Don't forget chaii (tea). The owner is so nice and fills the place with fresh flowers from her other business. I love Lavash!
My persian roommate and her sister took me out to this wonderful restaurant! I've grown up with quality persian food as a kid and know what is good or not...let me tell you...this place was divine. Although the pricing can set you back for a bit, once the food is served and the portions, it is worth every penny.You must try the eggplant dip, the chicken skewers, and the beef/lamb meet! Savory! the rice is so buttery and perfect. I will go back here again :) Also, very friendly owners and servers :)
Amazing food! Everything was very tasty and fresh. The service was also great. Our waitress suggested some dishes and we were very happy with all we got. This just became one of my favorite restaurants in SF!
What a gem in the Sunset! Delicious Persian food, great for vegetarians (Yelp reviewers are right!), lovely ambiance - feels like a warm dining room in a nice house - and sweet staff make the experience worthy of repeating. Great place for various occasions, from family outings to a date.
It is true that the Persian or Iranians food in Los Angeles is still better, but this is actually pretty good that place is not too far off and the meat and rice is cooked decently well, perhaps not outstanding but good enough and the free appetiser they gave is actually tasty I took a friend here for dinner and she also seemed to enjoy the food here I came all the way out to the sunset for some good food from the Richmond district and I certainly don't regret it all three times I have eaten here it has been good CONSISTENTLY
Hands-down the best Persian food I've ever tasted! Go there and you won't regret it I promise you
Meh. Not horrible, but nothing was even remotely exciting.I really can't see where the 4.5star average rating came from.
Walked in around 130pm for lunch and there were plenty of seating available. I was really excited because I've never had Persian food before. We were first served a salad which was just okay. The best part of the salad was the cheese but I can't complain because it was on the house. I usually hate eggplant but i absolutely loved the eggplant appetizer! This is a must try! I tried the Joojeh which was chicken and Koobideh which was ground beef and lamb. The Koobideh was great, extremely tasty! The Joojeh wasn't anything too special. Both entrees came with flavored rice and a grilled tomato. One thing I really liked about this restaurant was that the atmosphere felt warm and welcoming, the overall design of the restaurant looks great!
My wife and I have been to this place a few times. The kabobs are ok, undercooked in my opinion, but everything else has been good so far. Service is ok, but not adequate. On few occasions only one person was serving the whole restaurant.A big problem is the wait time; we had to wait for about 45 minutes once. Also there is not much free street parking in the area because of all the businesses nearby. So you might spend that time finding a parking spot!
I'm glad I waited to write a review for this place until I went here a second time. The first time the service was a little slow as it's obvious that this is a family restaurant and don't hire servers outside of their family. This means that they're understaffed during busy times.Anyway, this place deserves the 5 stars. The food is delicious and is in my top 3 favorite restaurants in the city of San Francisco. The great thing about this restaurant is that it's in the Inner Sunset and so it's pretty much a hidden gem. The rest of the city's preconceived notions about the Sunset keep this restaurant a great place for the locals but I guess it would be better for the restaurant if people would just eat at this great place. I'm actually quite surprised by how much SF food blogs have overlooked this restaurant. I really love everything on the menu and I used to have a favorite Persian restaurant (which is Alounak in London) but this place is definitely a great replacement and I would say that it's definitely tied with Alounak. The service the second time around was so much better and I love that they give you a little appetizer plate for free. It comes with some cheese, cucumber, tomato, fresh herbs, olives and some flat bread. I highly recommend this place! A must, if you're looking for a great place to go in the city.
Heavily overpriced. The ambiance does not warrant the sharp price tag on their dishes. Food is good though.
Service was beyond bad...I came here with my friend and our kids to have nice lunch, everything was great we had our meal, and ended up spending close to 70 dollars total. As as soon as we payed the bill, my daughter (10 month old) accidentally broke little plate. The owner of the place came up to us and said, that this is unacceptable and that I better watch my kid more closely before she brakes every plate in that restaurant. Than he said that you always come here and brake everything ( it was my first time in that place) I was extremely offended and humiliated. I will never go back there again and neither will my friends. If you have children and looking for a place to have lunch it is not a place for you. They are definitely not kids friendly and not making any effort to accommodate you and serve you well.
Had lunch here a while back. There were 3 of us so we ordered 3 entrees and an appetizer. Oh boy was it too much food! We had enough left overs to fill us up for dinner too! The portions were huge! I don't remember exactly what we ordered but everything was sooo good! Reflecting back on my experience makes me happy and so I definitely will be going back. One tip is, the light switch for the bathroom is right outside the bathroom door.
Id go back. this place is not bad. I had the berry drink.. yum... super refreshing. Also a dessert layered cake thing.... pistachio flavored.. awesome.... and their food was not bad.
First time I've had Persian food and... it was good!Lavash is a small intimate restaurant with dim lighting, a fireplace, and friendly service (seems family-owned). Nice date spot. It looks like it gets crowded so be sure to make reservations ahead of time.Now to the food: - on-the-house appetizer: tomatoes, cheese, leafy vegetables... its free so its OK- some eggplant appetizer: don't know what it's called but it was some eggplant spread.. YUM- lavash special -- lamb, beef/lamb, chicken, meant for two... soft, tender, well-marinated on top of addicting butter-cooked basmati-like rice. big portions.Wish the tables were a bit bigger to fit all the food, but it worked out ok. Persian food for the win. When I come back, I'll remember the names of the entrees!
Came in without a reservation. They seemed like they would be booked, but asked if we could finish in 1.5hrs. I said sure, so we were seated. Ordered the food service was ok but they seemed pretty busy. The owner lady was very nice though but again seemed too busy as many people started rushing in. Our food came out, I really can't remember what I order but only thought it was ok, my girlfriend got the kubadah and i
Some of the best Fesenjan I have ever had (and I have been to a lot of Persian households). The food here is absolutely phenomenal and the service is great. The atmosphere is very cosy and they even have a fireplace.  I went here with a friend and we ordered the Yogurt Salad, the Fesenjan, and the Adas Polo .  As well as all meals are served with a complementary salad that had flat bread, tomatoes, cucumbers, feta cheese, and lots of herbs.
So, my history with Lavash:It has always struck me as what it appears to be: trendy, quaint, usually not too loud, pretty good food, nice enough neighborhood. It has an ambiance that I've trusted over the past few years to be one that excels -- maybe not to the highest level -- but far beyond most such that, frankly, it's a conservative choice for a restaurant for a first date.Until last night.So, I take my date to Lavash with a more or less standard 8:30 reservation. We arrive at perhaps 8:35 and wait for about 5 to 7 minutes as they get a table situated for us. It wasn't quite the "oh, we have your table waiting for you" service that I might expect from a reservation but more from the airline school of thought where we take reservations and sometimes we overbook and sometimes we don't.I'm feeling artful this morning. I'll skip to the point.My date was Indian -- Hindu -- and ordered a dish that, when it comes to meat, consisted only of lamb. I ordered a dish that contained all beef. When we received our plates, we noted that her plate contained two types of meat and that one of the meats looked a lot like mine (beef). She asked one of the restaurant employees whether the mystery meat was, in fact, beef and received an assurance that it wasn't. She then politely asked that the woman verify with the cook that it was lamb. A short while later, the woman returned to tell us that, in fact, my date had been given beef. Apparently, they ran out of lamb (were likely just running short on it) and replaced the item in the dish with a substitute......without informing the customer. Problem number one. There would have been an allergic reaction. There was, in fact, a religious objection. Those two points aside, it was a violation on the part of the person who prepared the dish.So, my date asked that the dish be redone without the beef. The plate returns a short time later without the beef, but it appears that the beef was simply removed leaving the beef oils on the rice. She asked if the beef was simply removed and the woman that brought us our plate -- white woman, late 40's, blonde hair -- says that, no, she actually removed all of the rice, replaced the flat bread that lines the bottom of the place, and yada yada yada......except that the rice clearly had beef oil on it and a nearly unmistakable indentation where the long, tube-shaped piece of beef used to be. Problem number 2#: we received a bold lie in response a politely placed religious objection after our order was changed without our knowledge.So...I stare at the plate for a moment and just said to my date, "She's lying." I should never had to say this when I'm dining out.The rest of the evening doesn't really matter. My core issues with Lavash are stated above. The change in the order without notifying us could possibly be chocked up to a low-wage, rookie cook, but I have a low tolerance for being lied to in any context.I will not be eating at Lavash ever again.By the way...in case you were concerned, it was a wonderful first date.
We came without a reservation and of course they were busy. They asked if we would like to be sited for 45 minutes since there was another reservation right after that. We accepted. The food came quick as they were rushing and it tasted like it too, burned. I could not relax and I was eating my food as fast as I could. They wanted to get rid of us so fast, they were constantly coming to our table to take away our plates and drinks. Could not even drink my water and I know 45 min was not over yet. Just a horrible experience. I guess this is what happens when you are more established business and don't care about customers anymore since you get many now.
The owner sat us right next to the fireplace and then covered our table with dishes filled with delicious food. We started with the kashk-e bademjan and were blown away. This roasted eggplant puree is seriously tasty--studded with garlic, saffron, and mint leaves and perfect smeared on lavash squares.After that, we had the koobideh (so juicy and tender, with just the right amount of salt) and the ghrome sabzi, which was very strongly spiced and really helped us put away the rice. The rice was pillowy soft, sprinkled generously with saffron, and a perfect compliment for our entrees. We washed down this mighty tasty fare with some rose tea, which came with a saffron sugar cube, candied grapes, lime wedge, and mint leaves. My fiance loved the saffron sugar cube, but I found that the tea was delicious by itself, without ornaments. The ambiance is warm and cozy. The moment you walk in, you can smell sizzling kebobs and strong spices. I can't wait to come back here!
OMGthis place is so goodi went with my sister and mom and it was REALLY amazing we ordered the combo with rice and beef sausage (sorry, but i forgot what it was called)and the chicken with walnut sauce WOW! IT WAS SOOOO YUMMYwe also had the roasted eggplant with garlic as appetizer tht was also really good, but personally i thought it was a little too mintyhowever, after a while you can't taste the mint as much and it gets better
Unique, delicious, clean, and good presentation. I recommend the baklava with chocolate (choklava) for dessert!
Do not order take out from here! I placed an order for take out today for a business lunch and for a place that had high ratings for service and claims they do catering, I found sir service Terrible! I called in a simple order of 4 dishes at noon and told my order would be ready in 15-20 minutes! Perfect timing for my 1 pm client meeting, but this did not happen. I arrived and paid for my take out and then sat and had to wait for over an HOUR, no apologies were made as I watched table after table sit eat and leave. As I complained over and over and called clients they just would say 15 more minutes. They finally admitted that people in the restaurant take priority over my to go order even though I had been sitting and waiting for an HOUR! Horrible service, overpriced food, and each dish was 90% rice and a tiny portion of meat. Go somewhere else for good Persian food.
Overpriced for an average middle eastern food!
They just can't handle the load here when it gets a bit busy. I came back here for my birthday one time. Ended up with crapy tasteless cold food and crapy services. The waitress was dying to kick us out. We were not even finished eating yet. The waitress started to clean and took away all of our drinks. Never coming back here. There are lots of other places to eat and please. And much much better price too. So, I am taking the stars away!!!
4.5 StarsThe service and atmosphere are welcoming and very friendly. I have had quite a bit of Persian food in the Middle East and Europe, and so I am not going to go over the top with praise for this small restaurant. But still, it is all about the marination of the kebob, the quality of the rice, and the freshness of the cheese in the appetizer. All of this was done very well.If I ran a restaurant if SF, and I served tomatoes, in any manner, I would go up the street to one of those markets that has real tomatoes, you know, the ones that are red and were bathed in the sun. I like walnuts in the appetizer too, in an Iranian restuarant, that is normal.I hope to go back soon and try another dish. If it is really good, then I will give them 5 Stars. What I most appreciated was the friendliness and professionalism of the service.I was very happy to find this restuarant, and I enjoyed it very much.
Yup. Pack up your Persians and bring 'em here.If they need more swank try Zare.
Don't care much about the Kabob, but I would go back 10 more times for the lentil rice with chicken. Ah-May-Zing!!
WOW. Lavash is amazing. This was my first time dining at a Persian restaurant. My friend took me here because he says Persian food is the best food (he's Persian ;p). I have to admit. I loved it. They start you off with this appetizer bread, cheese, and herbs plate. It was so refreshing. I loved how the cheese and the fresh mint and cilantro with with the flat bread. I never had this dish b4 and I love it. We ordered the ground beef and lamb kabob, chicken kabob, and yogurt and shallots (my friend says it's great with rice). He was right. It was great. The food came out on a plater with the flatbread underneath that soaks up all the juice of the meats, with onion, lime, and grilled tomato. Who knew grilled tomato is soooo good! ANyhow, This is one of my new favorite places and it's hard to make my list. Thank you Lavash for cookign wonderful food and I will see you again. BTW, I forgot my phone on my chair. As i walked out the waitress comes running out with my phone. An honest establishment as well as fine cooking.
I was pleased with my second visit to this little Middle Eastern gem. We ordered a small salad, a kabob plate and a chicken with fruit dish. Shiraz Salad ($3.5) - A simple diced cucumber and tomato salad with a touch of garlic. It was light and refreshing.Zereshik Polow ($12.95) - Chicken with cumin, saffron and turmeric over a bed of Basmati rice, Barberry fruit, raisins and onions. The Barberries had a nice fruity flavor that was slightly sweet and sour and look like dried cranberries. The chicken was seasoned mildly. The dish was surprisingly light and flavorful. I would get this again.Koobideh ($11.95) - I got this the first time. It's still good the second time around. Tender and juicy ground lamb and beef kabob over rice.The service was very friendly and attentive. I enjoyed my dinner here and will be back to try other items.
Paired their eggplant starter with a salad and called it dinner. It was really really delicious. Tiny place though, and a bit cold with the door always opening. But the staff was lovely and it was a great meal with one of my girlfriends.
It's right downstairs from the boyfriend's place and we have never been until a couple weeks ago. We decided that once and for all, we were going to try this place. Since we were both hungry and didn't feel like driving/taking muni anywhere, we would just go here. Damn, I'm so sad that we didn't go earlier. The portion sizes - big. The food - big..flavor. We both ordered kabobs. He ordered the one with beef and lamb. And I ordered the one with chicken. So worth it. Also, ordered wine. Both kabobs were so flavorful. In addition, the rice was DELICIOUS. The staff was definitely really helpful as well.My favorite part of the meal was the chocolate baklava. So I've had regular ones, but when I saw the chocolate, I knew I had to try it. DAMN, was that a good idea or what? It was so delicious and chocolately. If you're hungry and you want some good ethnic food, come here!
Me and the bf love this place!I really like their appetizers, I tend to like the salty foods so I like the combination of the cheese with herbs, tortilla and tomatoes. Makes for a light fresh appetizer and nothing too filling like bread.The lamb kabob they have are so juicy and succulent it does not have that gamey taste to it and the rice has a lightness to that makes it so decadent. My favorite dish is a rice dish with chicken, rasins, and some sort of berry. The berry is fairly tart, so I usually ask for less or I find myself picking them out.The chicken has a curry like flavor to it but with more persion like spices. It has the sweet and savory taste that makes it so delicious.I tried this as my first persian restaurant and I will be back for more!
Love the rice here! So light and fluffy and the lamb tastes great without the gaminess taste you would typically expect from lamb. Great place to get some good Persian food
The Best Persian Restaurant in SF!There aren't a whole lot of Persian places in SF, no not Arabic, Indian or Greek, but authentic Persian restaurants!Lavash is the Persian word for "Flat bread" and they give you hot lavash and tomatoes/cucumber and feta complimentary for dinner. At least they gave it to me and some of the other tables around my group.I ordered the Kashk E Bademjian as an appetizer, its charbroiled Eggplant with sweet mint, caramelized onions and roasted garlic in a rich olive oil paste. It came out piping hot and gooey, its an amazing dip, you must order this when you come here!!I asked the owner about "Abgausht" and "Shaami kebab", famous persian home made recipes and she has "Shaami" on her menu but its called "Kotlet " in english. Its a great mix of beef, potatoes and vegetables fried in goodness!For dinner I got the chelo-kabob-e koobideh, Its a mix of ground beef and ground lamb on a skewer with roasted tomatoes and saffron basmati rice. The kabobs were so juicy, moist and tender. I don't like "lamb" too much since it has that gamey taste, but this was just the right mix of lamb and beef without making it smell "lamb like" The Saffron infused basmati rice was incredible, all buttery and melty! Yum!For dessert I got the Chocolava- Baklava with melted chocolate and walnuts. It was soo good, I will come back here when I visit SF just to order a slice of that!Parking is a bit of a pain, but the food more than makes up for it! Highly recommended!
I wanted to come here when visiting San Fransico, my wife is Persian and always wanting to try new places with Persian food and I always am eager to try new things. The service was great, the food was great and the location was great.The only things I remember not being too great was the wobbly table and it being a very small restaurant. I'm a big guy, every table was full and I felt claustrophobic.
Intimate and great date place. Can be a little too cozy with the other patrons, however nice, warm and friendly. Me and my gf enjoyed the murals and the food is great for Persian food, recommend the soltana. I will return to try more off the menu.
Great experience at Lavash. My husband and I were visiting the de Young museum. Lavash is about a 10 minute walk from the museum, so a great place to eat afterwards. We arrived at around 5:20, no reservation needed. We got a perfect table near the fireplace. The service was attentive, both waitresses were friendly. I ordered the Zereshk Polo - it was delicious! I've had it before, home cooked thanks to my Persian friend. The Zereshk Polo tasted just as good as my friend's, which must mean it's authentic!In case you're interested, here's a bit more info about the Zereshk Polo: I believe it must be a pretty standard Persion dish. It is basically a mixture of chicken, rice and barberries (similar to unsweetened cranberries). The meal at Lavash also has a few raisons thrown in. Saffron is added for flavor. The chicken is boiled for an hour or so, making it nice and tender. The barberries add a nice tart flavor - very little to no sugar must be added because they are quite tart! Overall, an interesting and unique meal, worth trying once!
Food: Awesome! This is how koobideh is supposed to be done--it was juicy and tasty. We started off with the Kashk-e-Bademjan and they provided us with another app on the house, Sabzi Panir. The kashke is so good, it's a must at this restaurant. The sabzi panir balanced the richness of the kashke so these were great starters. They're both served with lavash so we were already getting full.For the main course, we shared the Lavash Special (two servings) with lamb chops, koobideh, chicken, grilled veggies, and tons of rice. They have the best lamb chops. Very high quality food and the price is even better. We had leftover to take home.To end the meal we had the most incredible choclava (baklava with layers of chocolate within the phyllo) and turkish coffee (yum). We are saving the persian gelato for our next visit. You must try the choclava though.Service: Very warm, attentive, and pleasant. We were running late so we missed our reservation but we still were seated quickly because a party just left. Our waitress had good knowledge of the food. And can I reiterate that they gave us a complimentary appetizer? Enough said.Ambiance: It's a nice, clean restaurant in a neighborhood area (inner sunset). They sat us by the encased fireplace so we were toasty all evening, which was great. We can't wait to go back.
super solid Persian food. surprisingly, i'd never heard of Lavash but my brand new bf lives right up the street and said that his foodie friend really liked it. we got a pick-up order and took it back to his place and it was stellar! i got the lamb and beef gyro plate and he got the chicken plate. everything was really well seasoned and the chicken was moist and super flavorful. i'm really glad i was introduced to this place. oh, and they've got chocolate baklava, folks. chocolate. baklava.
Best Tadig I've ever had! I need to go back soon to get my fill.
Wow, I wish I'd come here earlier. Id say 5 stars for a Persian restaurant. The Ghorme Sabzi was really well done, and I've had home made. They even added the actual lime, which a lot of restaurants don't do, and a lot of people don't like to eat, but I love them. Really really good tea - in fact, perfect Persian tea.FYI - I can get a little tight and loud inside if the place is at full capacity.
My only regret is that I haven't tried this place out sooner, after living in the area for years. From the outside, this place looks rather casual, but once you step in, it's a very clean, old world, quiet, and cozy oasis from the rest of Irving Street. The interior is very intimate and makes you want to take your time and enjoy a good conversation and glass of wine with your meal. The owners/staff of this family-run business are very sweet, and make sure that you are enjoying your meal.Then there's the food--wow, so delicious. The complimentary flatbread, diced cucumbers, tomatoes, feta, and herbs plate was a refreshing starter. We had the koobideh (ground beef and lamb) and prawns kabob entrees. Both were great, but I would eat the koobideh every week if I could afford to. The skewers of meat were so tender and deliciously seasoned, and the buttery rice was cooked to perfection. Probably enough to feed two, I wolfed this plate down on my own because it was so darn good. On weekends evenings, I would definitely call for reservations since the place is tiny and tables get taken up fast--lots of older folk dine here in the early evening.
Yes. More of this please. This is probably my favorite SF restaurant after a year here.The food is amazing, the staff is great, and the ambiance is good. Make a reservation and show up on time, because it's packed and the owner is too nice to be rude to.There are a couple really reasonably priced good wines on the list, too.
I am in LOVE with this place. Its small, but elegant. It's important to book ahead, or you will be sent away. The food is so tasty and I've tried so many things now I won't bore you with the names. I'm American, never ate this type of food before and I'm so enchanted and pleased. It's a wonderful experience. I bring my child here and it's the first place she has asked to return to and dress up for and feel good about. The lady at the front creates a special atmosphere that warms up the entire room with just her attention and smile.
Delicious Bademjan!! Amazing Rose Petal Tea!! Was here for lunch today and I ordered the Rose Petal Tea served in a nice glass tea pot - which is served with rock candy, lime, rock sugar, Saffron, and mint on the side...I have to say, that was one of the best Teas I've ever had by far. The aroma of the Rose petals before you sip on the hot tea with all the other ingredients added to taste was just amazing, soo good and comforting... I started with the complimentary fresh appetizer, Lavash bread, with fresh cucumbers, fresh tomatoes, fresh herbs, and Feta cheese...always very refreshing. For the main dish I ordered the Khoresh Bademjan, a Beef stew made with roasted eggplants, unripened grapes in a tomato sauce topped with a roasted tomato and basil served with Basmati Rice. I also ordered a side of my favorite the Koobideh. The Bademjan was absolutely DELICIOUS =) There wasn't anything not to love about this dish, from the beef to the nicely roasted eggplants, the perfect amount of tartness from the unripened grapes that doesn't over power the dish, cooked in this wonderful tasty tomato sauce. It was exactly what I was craving for on a gloomy misty day in the city, a great wholesome hearty meal =) After enjoying a savory meal like Bademjan I had to order some of their yummy Bastani - Persian Gelato topped with crushed Pistachios and a Vanilla wafer and Pistachio Baklava. It was the perfect ending to another delicious meal.... Great service and the waiter is awesome, he is always so hospitable. Love this place!!
I'm persian, and I know good persian food. This place is tasty, healthy, fresh and consistently good persian food. Not pretentious or showy like some persian restaurants. Quaint atmosphere and cozy. The owner is a very friendly woman. My go to persian restaurant in the city.
Tasty. Hearty flavors. Would return.Portions = Sizeable (the koobideh could've fed both of us - especially because we each got a salad as well)Service = Friendly, not intrusive.Definitely try:- The Koobideh- The Rose Water Gelato (interesting flavors and textures)Avoid:- The Khoresh Beef Stew (didn't taste very good)Note: It was $50 for 2 people - however we now have 2 boxes of leftovers. We likely wouldn't get 2 apps, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert again (too much food).
This place hit the spot! How to get here:Take Bart to EmbarcaderoTake the N muni towards Ocean Beach - get off at Irving & 7th(its right after the UCSF building)It actually stops right near the restaurant..get off..you should see Loving Hut on the other side of Lavash.This is a PRICEY restaurant, but the decor/ambience is pretty intimate/dim. I enjoyed it because we got seated with bunch of cute pillows and the service was amazing. the boss and the other servants were very attentive and nice. Although, we were given a time limit to eat; i still appreciate how the lady kept asking us if we were satisfied and always filling my water cup. We ordered the joojeh and the koobideh. I enjoyed some of my friend's koobideh, but i gotta say my joojeh was pretty good! I loved the flavors on the meat; it was cooked to perfection. not too dry or too greasy. It was my first time eating pesian/irianian food so i can't compare it to anything else. But, I thought it was great. They also gave us free food to eat prior our meal (like cucumber, bread , tomatoe, cheese sides). We also ordered the appetizer eggplant. I think that was one of my favorites! We came for dinner, so it was packed by 6pm. Luckily, we weren't a big party otherwise, don't think about coming here w/o a reservation. The joojeh had this seasoning, it was like salty with a bit of peppery taste but grileld to perfection. I was expecting bunch of chicken fat falling off my meat, but luckily i had the good parts of the chicken. the koobideh is delicious. usually, i dont eat lamb or beef, but the flavors really stood out for me. It was chewy but juicy and had that peppery taste that i enjoy. would i come back? heck yah! pice range ; at least 10+BC we had a cut off time to eat, we finished 30mins before 8pm. BUt, after paying the bill and everything; they still didn't kick us out or anything. So, i really liked that..we just sat and talked. i felt like we ended up yelling to each other because the place got really crowded and noisy. haha, but i still enjoyed the food!
Lavash is simply a delight. Great food great service and an awesome atmosphere. On my last visit I enjoyed some chelo kabab that was out of this world. The meat was cooked just right and the rice was magnificent. The beautiful ladies also made us feel comfortable by providing excellent service. I do wish the restaurant was a little bigger as I felt a little cramped but the taste and the experience made all the difference. I can't wait to go back for more tasty food.
Great Persian food, good price, romantic ambiance. I can see this becoming a "go to" for me. Not to mention we were seated immediately on a friday night.
Lavash is a hidden jewel in the Inner Sunset. I was looking for a new place to try for dinner and decided to give Lavash a shot--I was so glad I did. While I'm certainly no aficionado on Persian cuisine, I thought the food and service were fantastic. My friend and I walked in without a reservation and they accommodated us without a problem. On to the food. I ordered the Bademjan and my friend ordered the Fesenjan. The Bademjan blew me away, mainly because I love tomatoes, so maybe I'm a little biased. A word of caution though, I would have to say that you would really have to love tomatoes and a tart flavor in order to really enjoy the entirety of this dish as I realized about 3/4 of the way into this dish that it was really becoming a bit more tart than I could really tolerate. I wound up finishing the entire dish anyway though. I had a little of my friend's Fesenjan, and I thought that was the real winner, so I would say go with that dish instead.The service and ambience was fantastic! I love the cozy feel of the place and it just felt very warm and welcoming.Overall, a wonderful dining experience and I would definitely go back! :D
Persian food and expectedly, people, are hard to find in the bay area. Jamie L. and I came here to try out what was available as a last minute Persian dinner destination, being especially excited about the 4.5 stars and enormous amount of reviews beckoning us. I have thorough experience with both home-cooked and restaurant-made Persian food, and while this place has limited seating, my only other misgiving was that the menu seemed a bit limited. Of course, one of the favorite dishes ever for myself and many other eaters of Iranian cuisine, ghormeh sabzi, is available here here as a $16.95 plate with rice (and kidney beans and love). Its gorgeous. I myself had a koobideh, and my only gripe was that for all the rice and meat, there was very little mint and onion provided and I tend to prefer more greens on my plate. The meat, though, oh the pleasure. Full, juicy---make sure you put enough summoch on it (a brown spice provided on the table).We were comped mast-o-music (yogurt dip with chalots) which has an amazing garlicky/fresh taste---take it from me, its a specialty and very hard to make, as is the ghormeh sabzi.Impeccable service.I'd avise making reservations due to the limited space. It is a bit pricey, but it'll be worth it.
Everytime we go here we get the same items, and ALWAYS over eat. Get the lavash with fresh herbs, feta, tomatoes, cucumbers and walnuts. Both soups are wonderful. The veggie kabobs on the aromatic rice is simple but perfect. God their rice is good! ( and I'm not even a rice fan!)Sometimes it can be crowded, but that's always a good sign, right?
So, my sweet boyfriend picked out this place for our 2 year anniversary.Before you get in, the outside is so pretty and so gorgeous.We came for dinner, so when you look into their windows you notice that the place is tiny, but super romantic. candlelit dinner, a fireplace, and romantic music.. all i could say was PERFECT.Me and the honey decided to get the lavash special which is for 2.This came with two kabobs, rice, appetizer, two lamb chops, and a vegetable kabob. This filled me up perfectly.The service isn't so great, since they're running around and they just can't seem to take care of us. It took a long time to get the attention of our waitress for water and to get the check, but she was really nice. I guess that made up for it.The place is super cute, the food is great, the atmosphere is perfect for a date. I loved it, I'll definitely recommend this place to my fellow couples.
We were at Lavash for lunch today. I have been there a few times; it's a charming place but today I happen to use the restroom and noticed that the bathroom sink is all cracked and broken and from the looks of it for a quite a while and the bathroom wasn't particularly clean either. The owner spent a good hour while we were there arranging floral decorations; I almost went to her and said instead she should replace the bathroom sink as it's not that expensive (check out Home Depot). For a restaurant; a clean and nice bathroom is very important. I was so disappointed that they can't spend a couple of hundred dollars if that to fix the sink (current state is not charming for a Persian restaurant; we need to know better and do better). Hope they get on it.
I've never been adept at writing reviews. Even my book reports in grade school left much to be desired. However, I find this place so good that it demands I praise it.Absolutely the best Persian food I've ever had. Really can't say much more then that.
This is my favorite Persian Restaurant in the city. I go here at least 2 or 3 times a month even though it's a bit out of my way. I just love the food here and the service is good as well. I found this gem about 2 years ago and have brought many friends there that go back as well. I love this place.
After 4 meals here I cannot/will not go back. My criticism will be a bit different than the others so hear me out.I cannot eat gluten, period. I am very polite when I bring this up and allow ample opportunity for wait staff to answer my questions or go to the chef. On visit 1 and 2, after questions and answers I was assured my food would be gluten free. Yet the next day I was in pain . . . .On visit 3 I politely asked my usual questions. This time a server new to me said that "gluten touches ALL of our food." I questioned how this could possibly be, like for kabobs. That just made no sense to me. He said that when they slide the meat off the skewer a large piece of lavash is used to side the meat.  Ok, well can't the chef use a large fork? I guess not . . . .I opted for the dolmas.Now, I also don't eat sugar. I was assured the dolmas filling was sugar free. I was told it's sweetened with cinnamon (?) and a secret spice which I later learned is barberry.  On visit 4, my final visit, I'm told "there's a little sugar inside, it won't hurt you."That is so outrageous that this is where my review ends, I cannot comment on the lack of disregard and disrespect which came at me from a grand total of 7 employees including the two sisters who own the place! Actually everyone who works there is a relative. You'll come to your own conclusion on that one.
I LOVE this place!!!!! The atmosphere, the family run business, the free appetizer and the pomegranate chicken dish! YUM!!!!! Make sure you make a reservation on typical Friday or Saturday night. Actually it might just be safe to make a reservation any night since the word is out, THIS PLACE IS FREAKING YUMMY!
Dining here is similar to eating in someone's home. The space is very cozy; there is a painting of kebabs ready for roasting sitting over the mantel tantalizing you of whats to come. Lavash besides the name of this restaurant is a soft thin unleavened flat bread and staple in Persian cuisine. Here it is placed on the bottom of the plate where it is allowed to soak up the juices of the rice and meat placed atop it. And yes there is a plenty of juice to soak up. My shishlik (grilled lamb chops) were cooked a medium rare and gave up quite a bit of juice when I cut into it. Thanks to the bed of lavash and rice and the juice did not go to waste building a pool and instead added to the flavor of the rice and bread. :)Besides the food, service was excellent we were checked on several times. Reservations are highly recommended as this is a very small place and the rushing is not part of the experience.
This place is off the hook!! We ordered the family style all the meats were tender and juicy. I recommend starting with the Sabzi Paneer and Mast o Musir, it's very light and the herbs are very refreshing. You can't go wrong with either the Lavash or Taste of Persia combination. We ordered the Persia combination and it was amazing. The beef was very tender and juicy and Joojeh chicken was very flavorful. My mouth is watering as I type this out. Damn, I gotta go back. Don't skip on dessert, I like the Bastani, I love the rose flavor.
I would give 5 stars for Lavash if they have Hummus on their menu, and not ' sold out ' Dolma and 2 other dish on Sunday nite.I like the lighting n decor very warm,cozy, romantic feeling and inviting.The fireplace is a nice touch.Good food , the portion is huge.The Panir appetizer was refreshing, light.Koobideh ( beef n lamp) was really good. good service
Not the best persian cuisine in SF but a good one. since the place is very small, make sure to make a reservation in advance.
I'm surprised there are so many good reviews for this place. The food is good by American standards, but there are better places in the Bay Area for Iranian food. The one positive about the food is that they have the bread under the kabab, which is typically soaked in the juices of the kabob. It's delicious! And the waiters/waitresses are all very nice. So this is a good restaurant for Americans, but Iranians might not be impressed.
Had Joojeh kabob take out for lunch today, since I'm working from home. I wrapped up my little joojeh's in my lavash and ate a kabab sand-o-veech! (persian-english accent) Had the baklava (spelling?) for a little nice taste after. almost cried. I saved a little for later, and will be brewing a pot of persian tea to eat with my treat.
Liked the food a lot, definitely planning to go back. Nice Persian/Iranian food, can serve to all Kebab lovers beyond Persian food. Their restaurant is tiny, not very spacious tables and not very comfortable if you care about having a little bit of personal space, but the decoration is relaxing and nice. Since the restaurant is tiny, you always have to book in advance otherwise no seats for you:) They will say sorry and will turn you back from the door if you dont have a reservation.
My first time exploring the west side of San Francisco and my fellow YELPERS (and my new smart phone) came to the rescue!I had rented an apartment on Nob Hill for the night, but genius that I am, I didn't have enough change to park my rental car outside for the day. And let's be honest, even if I HAD enough change (at $2.00 an hour that would have been like $10) I wouldn't have used it all because I'm kind of cheap about certain things that I think should be free, like parking my car.So after running in to get the keys, I drove over to the park side of the city where I've heard there's a lot more free street parking. Starting to fade, and get hangry (you know what I mean--hungry angry) I turned to my little smart phone to find out what good eats were nearby. High on the list of moderately priced restaurants was Lavash. My experience here was amazing. The restaurant is decorated simply and has a very peaceful and welcoming vibe. The waiter was incredibly friendly and kind, and attentive, but not overly so. Based on the recommendations of fellow YELPERS I got the Koobideh kabob (which was AMAZING!). It came with rice that had some sort of spice sprinkled on top. It didn't really change the taste but had a light and lovely aroma. And it came with a lovely salad of mixed herbs (basil, parsely and mint I think) with a hunt of cheese, some squares of lavash bread, diced tomatoes and cucumbers. All the produce was incredibly fresh and delicious. To drink I had the Persian tea. As a connoisseur of good tea, I must say this was excellent! Amazing blend of black tea and spices. Served at just the right temperature, not overly hot/scalded.If I move to the bay area, I'll definitely be back for more. I love that San Francisco has so much middle eastern and indian food, but I really wish they would share the love with those of us down in LA. Per capita, you guys really have more quality restaurants of this type. That's not ok.Please share.
3 star is for their kebabs and the rest is for everything else. Okay be prepared to see some argument when you go in, seems like harmony doesn't exist among employees.. They are all angry at each other; one says sit here other says no sit there and the third person comes in and wants you to wait.. We were so confused and they make you feel like it is your fault that you want to be seated..We ordered all of their ghorma sabzi and it was horrible, their pita bread was as hard as stone, we also had dolmas and they taste like porridge balls..rice was very mushy and tasteless..we tried the eggplants and it was full of oil.. We had few other dishes in addition to their kebabs and none of them wowed anyone of us... If you like Persian food you have to check out Shalizar, which is located in redwood city area but definitely worth the drive.. Don't waste your time, money and mood going in there.. One more thing the kebabs were good but not great so if you are around the area maybe you can do to go kebabs..
Really was looking forward to some great Persian food.Sadly disappointed with their chicken and rice. Just tasted like something I could have made at home. Staff was nice and that was about it.
I don't normally don't write reviews but I loved everything about this place and I felt the need to share. Not only is the food absolutely delicious but the service is top notch. I found this place on Yelp and decided to try it out for my birthday dinner which happened to be on a Friday night. I totally underestimated how busy they would be. I thought I could just walk in and wait 40 min for a table- WRONG! I got there at 7:30pm and the wait was 2.5 hrs long. I was instantly bummed because I absolutely love persian food and had my mind set on it for my birthday. But still put my name down and the lady at front said she would call me if anything opened up sooner. After 30 min she said she could squeeze me in. I was incredibly grateful!!! She must've felt bad for me because I was waiting outside the whole time and kept popping in every 15 min to see if I had any luck. I don't know what it was but god bless her soul. The food was amazing and all the reviews before this are absolutely true. Must Haves:Kashk-e Bademjan- seasoned roasted eggplant, garnished with sundried yogurt sauted onion, roasted garlic, mint flakes & saffron). I could have just eaten this and been perfectly content. Koobideh- Hands down the best koobideh I've ever had. The meat was so juicy and flavorful and I'm addicted to the saffron basmati rice. Service was great, Food was great, and I'm DEFINITELY coming back... WITH A RESERVATION!!
a very dear friend brought me here a few times, he is a friend of the folks that run the place and wanted to take the opportunity to visit with them and treat yours truly to a delicious meal :) The space itself is darling, the decor is quite lovely and the atmosphere is warm and relaxing.The folks who run the place are delightful. I got to try all kinds of amazing food (I don't know any of the names but it was all delicious!) and the staff was wonderful and sweet. By our second visit, we were all on hugging terms, lols. Its a wonderful, charming place run by sweet sweet people where they serve delicious food. highly recommend.
Lavash, we love you.My fiance found this place on Yelp sometime last year because he knew how much I love Persian food. I'm half Persian, so a giant plate of koobideh (extra onion to munch on) and tahdig (which I prefer to eat a plate of all by myself), and all the other amazing dishes, are as familiar and happy to me as anything.The key to Persian culture is not only how the food tastes, but how hospitable your hosts are and how they make you feel. Lavash nails it with this lovely, cozy, tiny restaurant with the happiest energy. I love the fresh flowers everywhere, and the pretty decor, good lighting, and great music. Then, the food. I've actually lost count of how many times I've been here, and how many friends I've brought to have Persian food for the first time - everyone who tried it, loves it. We just spent my birthday here, and the food was amazing, as always.I always get the exact same thing when I come here: koobideh, tahdig (with fesenjoon, my fiance's favorite, on top), salad shirazi, kashke bademjan. Recently, we also had the kookoo sabzi, and that was amazing as well.And I'll keep bringing my friends, because this place is never anything less than perfect.
Following an early evening at the deYoung, headed over to Lavash for the first time this past Wednesday for our "date night" dinner. Quite simply - WOW - a complete neighborhood gem.The staff are incredibly warm and friendly. We were seated at a super cute small table for two (simply perfect for date night(, and brought a delicious feta salad and warm lavash that was complimentary while we looked over the menu. The menu had a large number of persian treats on it, and the server articulately described each dish with passion - a trait we both love. We selected the Dolmas for a starter, and they were incredible - fresh, well-seasoned, and more than enough for two to share. Having eaten a lot of persian food before, I can safely say that these were the best Dolma I have ever eaten, and my beau agreed.We enjoyed the Fesenjan (chicken with walnuts in a bitter pomegranate sauce) and the Koobideh (beef and lamb skewers). Both were excellent, but the Fesenjan was outstanding - many chunks of flavorful chicken in a perfectly balanced and very unique sauce. A must have.The wine list seems to be deliberately short and focuses mainly on Syrah - as this is hands down my favorite varietal, I was in heaven. We chose a mid-priced Aussie Shiraz, and it fit with the spice palate of the meal perfectly.We couldn't fit in the baklavah or choclavah (choc chip version); but both were freshly prepared and looked amazing. As stated before, service was warm, friendly, and attentive. So impressed we'll be sure to return.
Really good Persian food in the city. Their eggplant dish is so delicious!
I tried Persian food for the first time here and totally fell in love with it! The servers here are SO sweet and attentive. The place has a really warm and romantic setting, great for a date.The eggplant appetizer was delish. I had the joojeh saltani combination: the skewers were cooked to perfection (even the chicken was still tender and not dry), served with very flavorful rice, and the portions are generous. The Persian tea is also really good!
So delish. Definitely a place I will recommend to out of towners. Very nice wait staff too. The kebabs and the stew dishes they had were fabulous.
The atmosphere is awesome. Staff was very friendly despite being very close to closing time. It feels like a family owned restaurant. (not sure)Had the Koobideh(lamb & beef). Quite possible the best lamb kebab i've had in SF. The portion size is generous and comes with rice and grilled tomatos on Lavash. For dessert had the baklava which was as good as baklava gets. Wrapped the meal up with some mint tea.
My girlfriend and I went here based on Yelp reviews and the fact we both like Middle Eastern food. The energy was nice and the atmosphere was fairly romantic and intimate. It's kinda small and has a warm vibe. That being said, the service, while friendly enough, was below average, kinda clumsy, and unfocussed. I'm not gonna go way into it - just inconstant throughout the meal. "Hi, here's your food! See you in an hour maybe!" I want to make it clear though - they were very friendly, it just seemed kind of disorganized to me, maybe it was just that particular night. We ordered a salad to start, which was very tasty and fresh. It was just a plain green salad but had a little style to it for sure. But confusingly, just before our salad arrived came...a salad! I think this was sort of their "freebie" they give - kinda like when they give you bread or something before you order. Anyhow, the "freebie" salad was quite interesting. Can't remember so well, but had a flavor combination unlike any I've had before - yet I really saw no dressing on it. Impressive - very cool, and tasty! But - had I known this item was coming I probably wouldn't have ordered a salad to start! Also, I love Hummus, and I was really really hoping for some hummus as a starter, because in my opinion, Hummus is really the make or break of a Persian restraunt. But what do I know, I'm not even Persian! We both ordered Skewers, which were both delicious. I had the chicken, she had the lamb/beef (hers was amazing! I wanted it!). I don't recall what came with it right now, but again I was very disappointed that no Hummus was included! I also love chili sauce, and at Blue Front (for example) they have a AWESOME very spicy chili sauce, which tastes fresh. Here they gave me a little saucer with some La Tapatia hot sauce in it. Are you kidding me? All this effort on the food and ambiance, and you give me dollar store hot sauce? Man, that was disappointing! Overall, very good food and not too overpriced. But it didn't live up to the hype for me. Had the server been more experienced (or just a little more communicative) I'm sure our experience woulda been a little better. I'd try it again, but wouldn't go out of my way. If I do, I will certainly order Hummus first thing, assuming they have it on the menu!
Good persian food, not extraordinary. The Ash would have tasted better with more salt. The interior design was really good.
It's not my grandmother's Persian cooking, granted, but I absolutely love Lavash. It's family-owned, and everyone who works there is just a joy. It's the perfect spot for a bite after the De Young. The atmosphere is cozy and warm. Be sure to make a reservation for weekend dinner though! They're a popular place.
You are probably walking around downtown San Francisco right now wondering to yourself, "Self, I'm feeling a wee bit hungry, where should I go?" You'll then probably turn on your fancy phone with its internet-capabilities and do a yelp search for the area. Let me save you some time: If Lavash comes up in your search results, go there.We were in your shoes once. Hungry and lost, doomed with too many options of places to eat. We yelped, we read reviews, we oscillated between choices and then we yelped some more. With our phone battery dying and rain threatening to drench our umbrella-less selves, we finally chose and walked into Lavash's doors.As soon as we entered we were greeted by a cozy and comfortable atmosphere - a small eating room with classy decor, comfortable seating and a fireplace. Shortly after the room greeted us our waitress did, and throughout the night she was both very friendly and extremely helpful. Let me emphasize this: Very Friendly and Extremely Helpful. We had never even seen Persian food before much less eaten it and she was both patient and MORE than generous with the suggestions and opinions on food choices. With our waitress' guidance we decided to share the bademjan (lean beef stew) and the joojeh (chicken) & koobideh (beef/lamb) kabobs. Three words: Delicious And Filling. The stew was good, but the kabobs were utterly fantastical. Had I not had my girlfriend's own culinary satisfaction to worry about, I may have inhaled both kabobs instantaneously. I also can not fail to mention the deliciosity rating of the bread: Alpha-10-Ultra-GOOD, top of the charts. This may seem like a weird thing to mention, but considering the restaurant shares its name with the bread, that may explain its essential goodness.Finally, with our main courses devoured, we ordered our desserts. Choclava was a given - a combination of baklava and chocolate? What sort of madness could let a person resist that? At the same time I was intrigued by faloodeh. When something is described as "rose water noodle frost sorbet with fresh lime juice," curiosity may get the better of you. We ordered both. The choclava melted in your mouth with potent tastiness. The faloodeh unsurprisingly also melted in your mouth...it was a sorbet after all. If you are a lover of sour and sweet, I recommend it with the whole cup of lime juice poured in for a bit of an extra kick.With our desserts finished, we were satisfied - not only by the great food, but also the service and the restaurant itself. I have no hesitations rating Lavash 5 stars and I hope if you are a hungry pedestrian reading this review on your phone, you will do yourself a favor and walk on down to Irving Street between 6th and 7th. DO IT!
Oh Lavash you broke my heart !Let's get right to it, our server seemed like he had to go catch a flight no greeting nothing, walked away in the middle of a question about appetizers, everyone else was kind and eager to make us feel welcome.We started with Dolmas and Mast o Musir both delicious, my main course was Adas Polo it was bland , tasteless had to send it back. Round two was Jooheh (chicken) because I refused to believe a Persian restaurant couldn't pull that one off and they didn't, had couple of bites and took it to go hoping it will develop some flavor on my fridge .I was so looking forward to it, maybe they were having a bad chicken night?!
We came here for dinner on a Thursday night. Didn't do any prior reservation but were seated immediately. Maybe not over crowded on a week day.As we entered i was enchanted by the warm intimate ambiance of the place. Dimly lit, with flickering candles on each table its a perfect place for a romantic date!The food here is pretty good.Served the complimentary dish of mixed herbs, cucumbers and tomatoes, feta and bread. It was fresh and delightful.Based on the Yelp reviews I got the Koobideh kabob. Ohhh amazing! The meat was juicy with a burst of flavors from the spices. It was served over rice that had saffron and herbs sprinkled on top. The fluffy soft rice soaked in the richness of the meat. I like the rice even better by mixing it with the Yogurt salad that we ordered, they are perfect together!!Also ordered Fesenjan,a chicken dish in pomegranate sauce served over rice. Sweet flavor in the main course is not really my taste, so i skip with the review for this dish. The food was very rich and overly filling. The waiter was friendly and attentive. But I did find this place to be quite overpriced. So would probably go back only to celebrate any special occasion and definitely for the koobideh and the lovely ambiance!!
They only have one high chair. Wouldn't call it exactly "Good for kids".
Impressive.Truly.I mean, talk about a little place tucked away from the busier end of Irving. No wonder I never realized it was here. It was the choice between two meal options he had planned and am I glad my date and I opted for this. Lucky entrance too, since we scored a table right by the fireplace. The interior reminds me of a villa: warm, cozy, Terra cotta-esque splashed with neutral tones and a fireplace. I appreciate the waitstaff here. They don't overly interrupt your sessions and leave you to your company. Not to mention food. My goodness, as the typical "bread" that is usually brought over, we had a small plate arranged with lavash bread pieces, several slices of crunchy cucumbers, tomato, parsley, and a delightful savory cheese I continued to nibble on throughout the meal.I ordered the Joojeh. It was the afternoon and did not want to try anything too lamby (not to mention visions of lambs dancing through my head later that evening with pitchforks) and have to state, was most impressed. My entree plate was huge and heaping with food. Large, tender, and delicately marinaded chunks of chicken, a great portion of their Basmati rice, arranged neatly over another helping of their lavash bread. It was perfect. I am usually cutting back on the carbs but have to confess I did betray my trainer and eat about half of the rice. It was the perfect accompaniment to my chicken. My date ordered the Barg and again, the portions were huge. We both offered a taste, but honestly, I was so full. Can't believe I ate so much for the afternoon!In addition, he was looking forward to the dessert menu and I know specifically that he wanted the Choclava, which they were unfortunately out of on a Sunday and said they would not have some in until Tuesday. I was looking forward to the Persian style ice cream with the addition of pistachio and saffron. Mmmm.Great place for cozy dinners. Great food. Good prices. I'll keep this place in mind the next time I'm thinking of kebabs and hopefully, their dessert menu will be fully stocked! I told my date that he'd just have to come back for their take on the classic baklava. Way to leave a door open *wink*
What a great alternative for a romantic evening. Candle lit, quiet and cozy, with excellent food. Once we stopped by without a reservation and they managed to fit us in (rare on a bustling weekend night).The cheese, veggie, lavash appetizer is always a nice start. The Zereschk Polo is a down-right addicting mixture of barberries, chicken, and carmelized onions with a saffron rice. Yet to have a dish that disappointed.
Really good food - the meat was well cooked and spiced just right. Would go back for sure. The Koobideh was especially good.
Bullet form review:- I like that this restaurant is family owned. I saw them drinking some wine at the front desk, I thought that was pretty cute. Family business + fun on the side!- I don't even like kabobs, but I will get that kabob here. JOOOOJEHHHHH!- rice = YUM- big portions. BIG!- that combination of feta + basil + mint plate they give you in the beginning. This feta is magical, I swear.- good restaurant bathroom. Some restaurants have awful ones, but this one has a nice one (this is important too!)
Very slow service. Burnt kabob's for all in my party. Not sure how it got high ratings. Every person that gave great rating, must've never eaten chelo kabob.
The food here was delicious, however the service left something to be desired. When we got there we were lead to a tiny table very close to its neighbors. When we asked to be sat at a table with a little more room (several were empty) the hostess straight up lied about the tables being reserved. We stayed at our tiny table and the other tables never filled during the entire hour plus time we were there.
Thank you fellow yelpers for this kick-ass find. I put a lot of trust in you guys with this one. I had a hot date with three lovely ladies and chose Lavash based on your recommendations. I had my girlfriend, her mom, her best friend with me for lunch and they wanted to go someplace they always go. I told them it was time to branch out a little from the norm. As I took that first bite of Kooooobideh my eyes just about welled up. It was so amazingly good. And, not only was I happy, my three lovely dates were happy too! While the food was out the table was as quiet as a mouse. We all shared with each other and I can tell you that there wasn't one dish that I didn't like. Not only was the food great, but the service was attentive and very very warm. My only teeny tiny bit of feedback is that Lavash should consider creating a lunch menu. Those portions are huge and I wouldn't mind being able to order a smaller portion in the future.I will definitely be back to Lavash!!!
I got here at 6pm; they RAN out of the stew. Ran out of what... Chicken? Shared the lavash special. It was ok. Chicken was dry, lamb looked and tasted like ground beef. Eggplant app was yummy but looked like pinto beans. Service was pleasant. Nothing else to rave about.
Went on a Sunday afternoon, Hostess was surprised that we did not have a reservation, but we were still seated in less than 5 minutes. The place is small and full all the time. Lavash/cheese/greens free appetizer plate was very nice to get at the start. We had ordered one chicken kebab and one of the salmon Kebab. They ran out of chicken stew it seems, That was quite odd to run out of stuff on an afternoon. The Kebabs tasted good, nothing spectacular. Not many vegetarian choices..The portions are decent, but way pricey though!
This is the second time I have had Persian food and Lavash did not disappoint. The food was delicious and the staff was very attentive. The food was authentic and tasty. I also liked the ambiance and decor of the place. I would recommend making reservations. It is pricey but worth it.
My wife and I treat ourselves to Lavash about once a month. We've always had good service and great food. The restaurant is almost always busy and we found it best to make reservations ahead of time. My favorite are shishlik the lamb chops. I'm not usually a big fan of lamb. These have been cooked to perfection every time I order them.
Zereshk polo with raisins? Weird, I wish I told them to hold the rasins. Lavash was good as was the accompanments. Food otherwise was good. I forgot what we ate, but remember the employees were nice to look at. Then again, it's rare to meet a Persian that isn't easy on the eyes...
Loved everthing we ordered from the Persain tea, port wine to Kash-e-Bademjan. The chicken kabob melts in your mouth! Will def. go back...
I used to think of this place as a 5 star restaurant and just loved their food and service. But the last time we went there, we faced a very very bad surprise. They have changed the menu, made the portions smaller, jacked up the prices drastically, and the quality of food is NOT the same at all. On top of that, we got there at noon sharp and they told us they are out of two very popular stews: fesenjoon and gheimeh and their tahdig was not ready. Very disappointing to see another good restaurant is going down the drain. They need to do something about these bad changes or they are going to lose their loyal customers just like myself.
I sometimes wonder, when I eat at a Persian establishment; were there ever Iranian restaurants?  I was just a kid when the Hostages were taken, and did not eat out much, so I cannot say.  That event, like the missile crisis and 9/11, came with a lot of negative feelings, so I completely understand wanting to focus on the food, not the politics. And the food is good, especially at Lavash.The ingredients are fresh and flavorful, the atmosphere is romantic and clean. The acoustics and layout and lighting were well done and the service friendly. I would switch to cloth napkins, if I were them, but otherwise a classy and informal place to eat. I personally like the crazy rice dishes that have some similarity to Afghan meals. Lentils, dates, raisins, barberries, onions, chicken, cinnamon, and saffron are just some of the things you will find in the rice. Or go with the skewered, marinated, grilled meats for a more Mediterranean flavor. I have tried the chicken and vegetable kabobs and they were excellent.Over the years I have met people from that part of the world who were quite free thinking, and of course seen others on TV being the opposite . It might sound strange, but the dichotomy in their society is not unlike ours and I have always thought Iran (Persia) to be much more like the USA (good and bad) than most people realize. Maybe someday west and east will be more friendly to each other, but at least we can enjoy the food while we wait.
Wow---excellent dinner tonight!! Ambiance is warm and comforting. Love the tucked away booths, that are also comfy. The food was fragrant, simple, yet fresh and delicious! Service was good and prices very reasonable. A must if you're in the area!!I plan on going again!
Great service, great food. Yummy Must o Musir! Definitely try Taste of Persia.
Hands down best Iranian food in San Francisco, don't bother going anywhere else. Lavash has a very cozy, lovely atmosphere, the staff is great, and the food is delicious. Special tip: for dessert, do not resist the Choclava--you will not regret it!
One of the best Persian restaurants that I've been to, including many good restaurants inside Iran. Their Koobideh is phenomenal. It was probably the best Koobideh that I've had in a while. Their House Doogh is fantastic (if that's the drink of your choice).The service is good and the servers are very friendly. I'd definitely recommend getting reservations in advance, especially if you are planning on going there at night. The interior design is pretty awesome too. Great atmosphere in general. Definitely Bay Areas best Persian restaurant.
This place is something your senses will not be able to forget. The food here is amazing and everything is so fragrant! To start the platter with herbs, feta, walnuts, grapes, and flat bread is a must! You will not believe how incredibly delicious a plate of fresh herbs and cheese can be. For dinner the kebabs (dinner for two) is the way to go. They are cooked perfectly and served with amazing vegetables and rice. The Persian tea is also wonderful. All of the flavors go together so well.The room itself is beautiful, warm, and inviting. Everything has a soft glow to it and makes you feel right at home. The staff here is pleasant and very helpful. They make great recommendations and you don't feel rushed at all, even though they can be quite busy. It is best to have a reservation, but you can just walk in as well. We have always had pretty good luck.
We got a lot of take-out from here. Highlights: chicken kebabs, most-o-mosir (yogurt shallot dip to put on top of everything), lavash bread, the stewed dishes.
A great restaurant experience, and worth every penny.The place has a great atmosphere, fantastic service, and delicious food. Our table was cozy with pillows in the corner, small enough that finding space for all the food was a challenge, but a good one to have. I was worried before I went in about the prices, but for what you get they are very reasonable. For a dinner for two with two beers I paid under $50 with tip. Eager to return.
I came here for dinner once and I won't forget it. This place serves authentic, delicious Persian food. The place has a cozy atmosphere and the service was awesome. Our server was very accommodating and gave great recommendations.I've tried the chicken and steak kebabs and they were deeelish. The chicken had a light charcoal flavor with a hint of spice. Some pieces were a bit dry, but overall the chicken was good. The steak was cooked perfectly and the flavors were delicious. The rice that the kebabs came with went well with the meats.
The other half and I decided to make a first visit here after seeing it whilst rolling by on the N-Judah many times. Other yelpers like this place and so did we. Details follow.We came in on a cold and drizzly Saturday with reservations, but it was early in the evening (630) and there were a couple tables unoccupied anyway. We were seated close to the fire (very warm). We started with the Kashk-e Badimjan (roasted eggplant with crunchy roasted garlic bits and other more subtle but very expertly blended flavors) and the Dolmas (unlike the Greek kind, this is a bit larger and has some ground beef mixed with the rice filling). The appetizer sizing is generous and comes with the house appetizer (cheese, wonderfully flavorful tomato and cucumber to put on a tall stack of lavash bread). We mix these elements with the eggplant for superb combo bites of goodness.For entrees, I chose the Ghormeh Sabzi Khoresh, a beef stew baked (?) with a dried lime on top (many thanks to the waitress who told me what it was and pointed out that while it's edible, it might be a bit intense to bite into) and kidney beans. The lime and subtle spices permeate the stew. A plate of Basmati rice with a well-presented swirl of saffron oil (saffron butter?) will be the bed for this stewed goodness. The other half has, for some reason, become fascinated with the Jewelled rice concept so she orders the Adas Polo... chicken on saffron-ed rice with raisins and dates among the complex panoply of flavours here. She loves it (I find it a bit sweet, but then it's supposed to be). This makes us very happy with our own choices.We ordered a side of skewered, roasted veggies (various colours of peppers and onions). There's just a touch of char and the flavors have bonded well. The other half also gets a mint tea. This is a medium-size pot with what looks like an entire mint plant's worth of leaves served with a rock-crystal sugar stick. This is interesting in that at first, the mint flavour is quite subtle but develops as the meal goes on, blending well with the stronger herbs and spices that grace the entrees.Sadly, we have no room for desert and have to take our entrees half-eaten back home in boxes. Interestingly, having these dishes rest with their rice beds for brunch gives a more more blended taste, but a most excellent one.The service is attentive but by no means pushy. Everything was as described, the decor was pleasant and homey. As Mr. Sheen might say, "winning."Last, I managed to (whilst discussing our gustatory adventure with my dining companion) take the filled-out and signed credit card receipt with me rather than the "customer copy." Ugh -- a very wet trip back out to the Inner Sunset to set things right this morning. Gratitude was expressed without attitude and all ends well for this adventure. We'll be back.
I love this place! I would recommend reservations, since they are relatively small and intimate place. I believe it is family owns and run restaurant. Food is really good, love their appetizers and their meats (sorry vegetariansbut I do think this place is more for meat lovers ...). Their baklava is amazing! Really really good :)Ah, and also a great service :)So go for a couple of appetizers, some meat and wine and DO NOT FORGET the baklava! Have fun
This place is amazing!!!!! (Yes, my opinion truly needs 5 exclamation marks) Granted, I don't eat Persian food very often, but based on the reviews, it's authentic, and based on my tongue, it's DELICIOUS.I think it's easy to miss this restaurant, despite it being rather broad. The interior is deceptively small despite the window to window space.It's quaintly decorated on the inside and gives off a Tuscan village feel. But who cares, because it's all about the mouthwatering food!For starters, we were presented with complimentary herbs, cheese, and lavash. We also got the eggplant appetizer and it was probably the best eggplant I've ever had.I ordered the Koobideh. It looked like two long sticks of turd on a long plate. Sorry. But it doesn't taste like turd at all (not that I know what turd tastes like). It's meaty and flavorful and the butter rice, oh my goodness, the butter rice, is so light and aromatic, and they complement each other so well.I had trouble stopping myself from eating, even as my pants started to feel tighter and tighter.I was intrigued by the dessert menu -- in particular the rose gelato with noodles. It's half rose-flavored gelato and half rose sorbet, with these...ice noodles, I think. You get a small cup of lime juice which you pour a little over it to balance out the sweetness and the perfume of the rose. It's perfect. Just perfect. Words really can't describe this dish well enough. You gotta try it.And I didn't mention this but the servers are so helpful here, very sweet and attentive and ready to answer any questions. Love this place!
I've had better persian food. I've had worse. The spiced tea was good, the salad I ordered and the appetizer were basically the same thing (waitress could have told me that that the appetizer was the salad not mixed up), the rice was dry and so was the lavash, ironic since that is the namesake.
I'm not sure why I haven't reviewed Lavash...it's truly one of those hidden gems in the Inner Sunset. I guess I'd rather people NOT know about this place, because as it stands, there's rarely a wait for a table at dinner!I'm vegetarian, so there are a lot of things on the menu I can't eat, but despite that I'm giving Lavash 5 stars. The food is just that good. I always get the Sabzi Panir appetizer, and the vegetarian Bademjan. I have yet to tire of them.The Sabzi Panir is a plate of lavash with walnuts, cucumbers, tomatoes, feta cheese (in a huge block), grapes, and herbs (parsley, mint, etc.). It's always so fresh and despite its simplicity will totally refresh your palate. I like to put every ingredient in a piece of lavash and eat it burrito style. The plate is huge -- half of it is enough for a meal!But pretty much everything at Lavash is huge, and I always go home with substantial leftovers. And I always overeat here. The Bademjan is a delicious tomato-y stew, that's lightly spiced so you can really taste the flavor of the ingredients. The best part might be the rice--their basmati, which must be cooked with a good helping of butter and salt--is the most flavorful rice I've ever had. I have the hardest time not eating all of it and coming home in a food coma. Actually, I always come home from here in a food coma.Ambiance is really cute and cozy too. Great place for a date night!
Mmmmm, I love Persian food, and Lavash only confirmed this notion. Herbs, feta, grapes, tomatoes, cucumber, and flat bread... refreshingThe jeweled rice (#1) had: chicken, dried barberries (sour!), dried cranberries, rice, saffron and I think that's it? Maybe some kind of almonds or walnuts too? It was mouth puckering tasty goodness. Now I want to go again to try the 2nd jeweled rice with dates in it... next time I'm around the inner sunset...whenever that happens....
Lavash is one of the friendliest establishments I've ever been to. It's very cozy and quaint. Due to limited seating, it's a good idea to call ahead for reservations. I actually came as a walk-in on my first visit with my boyfriend, and they were very busy. Because it was taking a while for a table to open up, looked like all the diners were enjoying themselves and taking their time, they went out of their way to squeeze another table in front of the counter for us. This gesture alone won me over! The food was fabulous! The kabobs were perfectly seasoned. The beef kabob was tender, and the Koobideh was delicious. The service is extremely friendly. This is definitely the place to go to relax and enjoy a good meal. And, this may not be a big deal to some, but it is for me. Their restroom is very clean!
No need for a novel here, but EASILY one of the best meals I've had in San Francisco. Shiraz salad was fresh, crisp, and perfect starter. The lentil soup was full of flavor; I haven't had lentil soup this delicious in the states. We split the Lavash special and the Koobideh was PERFECT. Ask for the rice on the side to come with the barberries on top, it compliments the creamy, buttery flavor of the rice beautifully. Service was sincere, unpretentious, and most importantly, helpful! Our waitress never steered us wrong. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone and everyone.
Lavash, interesting restaurant that I've driven by hundreds of times when I worked at UCSF, but never been until my friends decided we should try something different for our dinner. First -1 star, we got there at 7 pm for our reservation and they said that they never got the reservation!! How is that possible? S had the restaurant's phone number on her phone and she confirmed 3 days before we went for the reservation and yet they didn't have it. To their credit, they accommodated us as soon as possible but how do you lose a reservation like that? Maybe it's their archaic reservation system that uses two handwritten ledgers that they flip through constantly. We were seated about 30 minutes after our initial reservation time, its ok because J just finally found parking and got there. If you're going to Lavash any time during the busy periods, be prepared to circle for awhile for parking. This area of the inner sunset is no walk in the park for parking.When finally seated, could enjoy the ambiance. It is a tiny restaurant, only able to accommodate about 12 groups at a time, therefore the reservations are a must, which we made...but I digress. The interior is dark and they have orangish glow of mood lighting everywhere. Because the place is so small, we are all smooshed together with the group sitting next to us, which is ok, no complaints about that but prepared if you like your space.The menu was standard fare I guess for Persian food, S's parents are originally from the middle east and they said that this was the most authentic place they could find in San Francisco when they needed their fix so I took their word for it.We started with Dolma, group beef wrapped in grape leaves which i found to be too sweet, it had a very pungent, strong aroma and I had to use the appetizer naan like bread to eat it. The Koobideh was def as great as others have said, the mixture of beef and lamb was proper proportions and the portions of the entree were huge. Lastly, the rose water gelato was a very good flavor, I'm a big rose water fan and this did not disappoint.Overall, 3 stars because of the Koobideh, -2 for service, missing the reservations as well as a lack of attention throughout the night, not even a "how's everything going" and for a restaurant with only 12 parties the whole night at any given time, that is disappointing.
Every single thing we had here was great! The Kashk-e Bademjan appetizer, Fesenjan stew, Shishlik kabob, Koobideh kabob, pistachio baklava, and chocolate baklava were all simply fantastic. Such interesting seasoning and flavors! The lentil soup was really good as well, but didn't compare with so many other things that really stood out. Service was great, and food came out in a timely manner.
First time trying Persian Armenian cuisine. I will definitely go back. Great food/flavors, great service, and nice atmosphere and fireplace. You start with free appetizer -  fresh herbs, feta cheese, cucumbers, tomato, and lavash bread. I ordered: Appetizer - Kashk-e Bademjan (eggplant) = Amazing! Entree - Fesenjan (chicken with ground walnut cooked in sour-sweet pomegranate sauce) = Good, but a little too sweet for me. I am looking forward to trying a savory stew. Desert - Baghlava (filo and pistachos) = Amazing!
Ordered the dinner special for two and it was delicious. Meats were very juicy and tender. Very romantic setting and super friendly service.
I just had lunch there and the food was fantastic! This was my first time at Lavash so hopefully they can maintain. I will try again.
My first visit at Lavash was amazing! The food, service, and ambiance. We ordered the eggplant appetizer with the roasted garlic, yumm so delicious! Our second appetizer were meat patties mixed with herbs and potatoes, this literally melt in my mouth! Our entree was the walnut chicken Fesenjan. It was very tasty!! The food was A++++. I would of given Lavash a 5 star, but my service on the second visit was not very good. While I was still eating an appetizer, my plate was being taken away as the food was going down my throat. I was told we needed to make room on the table for our entree?? At the end of the meal, we were looking at the dessert menu, and then later changed our mind on dessert; not because we didn't want to order any, but because our waiter took at least 15 minutes not returning to see what we wanted to order. Yes, the service the second time around was pretty lousy. Would I go again, yes. Hopefully the service will be better the next time around:)
Love the food and ambiance!
Not your standard Mediterranean fare. It's actually Persian. :) That aside, the food was a breath of fresh air. Started with the Persian tea, which was really strong, black tea, but aromatic. For appetizers, there was the Kookoo Sabzi, which is some kind of quiche. Again, a world apart, but not quite for me. I had the Fesenjan for the main entree. A nutty but sweet chicken curry served with rice, it was practically a melt in your mouth desert. Definitely unique, but I could handle only so much of the sweetness.All in all, a great find!
A small restaurant, very popular, so don't forget to reserve. Persian food is one of the highest forms of cuisine, and this restaurant does not disappoint. Definitely recommend it.
Place is suuuuuper cute for a date! The restaurant itself is the size of a dining room, and at most, can probably fit less than 20 people (I think--- maybe 30). The bathroom is tiny too!-- like the same size of a small closet!The food is AAA-MAAAAAAZING! AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING! I dream about the food here.Got the Taste of Persia (for two) dish and got to sample pretty much all the meats here, and ALL were incredibly delicious! Chicken was perfectly MOIST (MOIST CHICKEN Y'ALL! not a single dry piece!). The lamb was the best that I've ever had. Cooked to perfection I tell ya! All the meats are marinated so well and the flavor is unforgettable! I recommend ordering the Shiraz Salad too, just to keep a balanced meal of something refreshing on the side. Definitely coming back to Lavash, but this time, I'm keeping some room left in my stomach for the Baghlava!
Wow. Persian food rulezzz! I'd never had it before, but when living in lower Pac Heights and walking past Alborz on Van Ness almost daily, I knew I wanted to try a Persian place that had better reviews. The owners are friendly, efficient, and attentive. Small, dark, and intimate, Lavash is the perfect place for a date that won't rape your wallet and the portions are huge (how mama likes it)! As we were both sick, the Persian tea was a must and we decided to start by splitting a piping hot bowl of the lentil soup. Seasoned fantastically, the lentils were plentiful and the combinations of flavors (cumin was prominent) were great! For the main course, we split the Lavash Special (for two) and it was more than enough food. Our two huge plates of rice arrived and then came our Lavash platter - 2 Shisliks (lamb chops with a saffron, lime, and spicy seasoning), a huge Joojeh skewer (chicken breast and thigh meat with some sort of a zesty sauce), a skewer of Koobideh, which is ground lamb and beef w/ onion and saffron seasoning, and some grilled veggies.Everything was incredible from the service to the food, specifically the lamb chops and chicken. None of the meat was dry or bland. I would definitely recommennd Lavash if you're hungry and are in for a fabulous and reasonably priced meal! Mmmm.
This review is not going to be about the food since we never actually got served, but the service. My boyfriend and I made reservations for Friday at 7pm. We showed up around 6:50pm and the restaurant at this time was pretty empty. The lady at the front who I think is the owner told us they needed to clean our table which would be 5 to 10 min but if we didn't want to wait we could sit at the other side of the restaurant. We go outside to the other side which is basically two tables cramped in a room where we could see the people cooking the food. We told her we didn't mind waiting. She said we could wait outside and she would call us in. At this time the restaurant had more open tables than tables occupied.It was now after 7pm and she still didn't call us in. My boyfriend was wearing shorts and we thought maybe this might be the reason; but if so she could of had the decency to tell us that. Now it's after 7pm and a couple walks in and gets seated right away. Either they were racist or judging us for how my boyfriend was dressed, but either way this is no way to treat your customers. I have friends and family that wanted to try this place and now would never step foot in a restaurant where people can be so disgusting They should honestly be ashamed of themselves, and realize that people do not deserve to be treated this way. There are so many amazing restaurants on Irving where they actually treat you with respect that I would not give this place another thought.
Lavash easily earns all 5 of my stars. When I find a persian food joint the first thing I check their menu for is stews. There are two that I crave most, ghormeh sabzi and the harder to find fesenjan...Lavash offers both, and both are culinary grand slams.If you're not familiar with these dishes here's some quick info.Ghormeh sabzi is a thick beef or lamb stew featuring a melange of sauteed herbs, legumes and spices. The flavors of a good ghormeh sabzi are initially a bit overwhelming and you'll find that as your taste buds get acclimated after each successive bite, wonderful new tastes will emerge out of the same plate. Lavash's interpretation of this dish is memorably delicious.In my humble opinion, Fesenjan is the ultimate stew. Persian families usually only enjoy it on special occasions and when I saw it on their menu, I instantly knew that it would be on my order. The dish features chicken slow simmered in a pommegranate sauce that is both tart and sweet. A light sprinkling of crushed walnuts adds both a slightly nutty flavor and a unique texture. Lavash's recipe is one of the best I've had!If you've never tried either stew, you seriously should!One note, I recommend making a reservation if you're dining here on a weekend. We didn't have one but the owner of the restaurant took my phone number and called when a table opened up 30 minutes later.
Honestly, this place is exactly what I look for in a good solid dinner. Saw this place on Yelp and thought to give it a chance. The girlfriend called and tried to make a reservation, but alas no one answered. Just when we thought we'd try somewhere else, they actually called her back! Set up the reservation and we were good to go. After trying to find parking for a solid 25 minutes, I finally got parked and walked in. It's nice if not maybe a bit on the small side, dimly lit with lots of candles and a nice fireplace. We ordered the lentil soup which was pretty good, and had the salad which I thought was great, nice and fresh. We ordered family style and tried a few different things on the menu, and every single dish was freaking awesome. I especially loved the Adas Polo Jeweled rice, and also the Fesenjan, and have since been craving both just about everytime I'm hungry. Really just great flavorful food with amazing taste.In short an amazing meal, great, kind, and attentive service, and great food. I will definitely be back as often as I wanna fight parking and my very short patience for it.
I absolutely love this place! And, I can't express it enough! Yes folks, it is that GOOOD!I was introduced to Persian cuisine about a year or so ago, by a very dear friend of mine =). She recommended Lavash from previous experiences of hers and for that I will be utterly grateful!For someone like myself who is not a fan of lamb, well, I couldn't seem to get enough of the Koobideh (skewers of juicy ground lamb and beef seasoned to perfection). The juicy skewers are placed alongside a bed of fluffy and buttery Basmati Rice drizzled with Saffron, with a grilled tomato on one end and raw onions on the other end, and are all placed over a Lavash to soak up all of the delicious juices from the meat. For dessert, we had the Baklava (baked layers of flaky phyllo dough and honey soaked pistachios) and Bastani (persian gelato). The Baklava was so good that I had to order one to go. One dessert that I have yet to try since they had ran out during my last visit there was the Chocolava (the chocolate version of the traditional Baklava).I will definately order that next time.The place is small and very quaint so you may want to check it out during lunch to avoid the big crowds. If you do decide to go there for dinner, I would definately recommend getting reservations. I have been told that the place gets pretty packed during dinner time.And, for those of you non-drivers, Lavash is located right by the Muni Line, so it is accesible to everyone.
Service, wine, food, ambience, 5 stars. Server was very heartwarming and polite, took the time to explain what barberries were (a type of berry cultivated in Iran), and made solid recommendations based on feedback from previous clients. We started with the roasted eggplant, and cucumber salad, in addition to the complimentary salad and lavash. As entrees we had the Joojeh, Prawns Kabob, and Adas Polo, which were all very good. They also have Baghlava, which I will have to come back and try sometime.Definitely plan on coming back here.
I stopped in for lunch this past week and I was not disappointed. The food the atmosphere, everything is outstanding. My only wish is that Lavash had a simple lunch menu. One that offered quick and economical dishes that people can pick up on the run. I realize Persian food is a specialty that deserves to be in a sit down family setting. But for lunch why not offer maybe one or two "take out" type dishes? I had the ground lamb and beef mixed together with rice on flat bread. It was delicious! Yet I thought to myself, "why not make this into a sandwich wrap with some sort of relish or sauce?" The 9th Ave & Irving Street area is always busy with lots of foot traffic. And with the UCSF students and staff near by, eager to find new places for lunch, Lavash might get even more business at lunch time. Having a simple lunch item or two available for take out might also be a good way to introduce more people to Persian food.  And, a way to encourage people to come back for dinner and take in the entire dining experience. Again, I say the food, atmosphere, service, everything is outstanding.
My boyfriend is Persian and he loves this place. He thinks this is the best Persian restaurant he's been to in the Bay Area. There were five of us and it was great to be able to share food. And the bill was reasonable at $32/person including tip. You should ask the kitchen staff to special order Tadig (crispy rice) which is off the menu. It's delicious to eat with a side order of stew. For appetizers, we had kash-e bademjan (roasted, mashed eggplant), dolma (stuffed grape leaves), mast-o musir (garlic yogurt). Everyone agreed dolma here is the best they've tasted anywhere. For mains, we shared joojeh (chicken skewer over rice), which got a mixed review, ghorme sabzi (beef stew with beans), which was a total hit. We also had fesenjan, which is my boyfriend's favorite Persian dish and it's quite good here although not the best he's had. We also had zereshk polo (chicken and rice dish) which I liked but some people thought it was a little bland. Overall, it's a beautiful place to share a meal on a date night or with friends.
Easily, one of the BEST meals I have experienced in San Francisco! I was in the company of a large group of Persians so I had an inside track on ordering and the opportunity to sample a variety of plates. Everything I tasted was incredible. Note to Vegans and Vegetarians, you will have a variety of choices, most everything can be ordered vegetarian, and even when we asked about one simmered dish that was not available in a veggie option, they said next time to call ahead to request and they would have it for us! What great service - but really not necessary since there was so much to choose from.A carnivore, I ordered the lamb kabob, I love lamb and it was cooked and spiced perfectly. So good, yet I regretted ordering the meat dish. All my surrounding veggie friends has such awesome multi-textured, richly flavored rice dishes. My favorite and what I will be ordering next time is the Adas Rice - its Adas Polo on the menu, or Lentil with Chicken rice, but available as a veggie option. The lentil flavor was complemented by a mixture of dates, raisins, orange zest, cinnamon and saffron. Simply delish!The rose petal tea is a must - mild, fragrant, served in a lovely little glass pot with an accompanying saffron rock candy stir stick.For dessert, the Bastani gelato did not disappoint!I'm so happy to have found Lavash, I will be coming back again and again!
I came with a large group - it is not a restaurant for a large group. They only take reservations up to 10 people and the space probably doesn't fit more than 40. It looks best for couples.We got dolma, sabzi panir, and kashk-e bademjan as appetizers. Dolma - which I often think is bad - tasted great. But the real winner was the kashk-e bademjan. So delicious especially with the bread they give you.For dinner we split ourselves into pairs and ordered some of the combination plates. I went with the Lavash Special. The lamb chops were so delicious. The chicken tender and juicy. And the beef/lamb skewer was really tasty. Vegetables left something to be desired, but that's ok. It also came with a huge amount of rice.
Romantic atmosphere. Food is excellent.
Do not count this as a good Persian restaurant. The food is mediocre for Persian standards.
A magical oasis from the bone-shattering cold weather and a tough day at work. Warm, candle-lit, a mix of sweet and savory aromas fill the air, and a romantic place to take your like and love interests. So don't spoil it by bringing in the bad jujus. Leave those at the door!The night was started off with a bountiful, and complimentary plate of herbs, cheese, and lavash. It was a perfect way to prepare one's palate. The grilled prawn kabob was quite flavorful, set on a bed of well-season basmati saffron rice and lavash role. The zereshk polo was absolutely amazing - a complex array of flavors, which include saffron, tumeric, cumin, and barberries, none competing for attention, but worked well together. The tiramisu was good - not the best I've had, but very good. The light berry sauce drizzled on top was innovative, but not necessary.Throughout the night the servers were very attentive. They often asked how we were doing, making sure our table was clean and our cups full. The night was topped off by a nice visit from one of the owners, Nazila Talai. What a sweet, exotic, beautiful lady. This was our first time in the restaurant, but she made me feel like we were friends, like I was having a meal in a small town square where the people regularly break bread together over candle-lit tables. If you can't make reservations, the staff will do their best to get you seated as quickly as possible, but be smart - make the damn reservations! It's a popular place, and rightly so. I think this will quickly become a Bay Area favorite of mine!
The food is amazing, truly amazing. I would give a 5 star review but the ambience is too chaotic. The seating is limited and cramped. This would be the perfect restaurant if it didn't feel so crowded.
Food's good. Ambiance is great. There's a fireplace for those foggy Sunset days...it's very small...almost cafeish but it somehow works. We started with the eggplant spread, then had the chicken kabob, lamb kabob, and two lamb chops. We finished with a choclava - baklava with chocolate inside. The dessert was yucky. The kabobs were fine. I didn't like the eggplant spread very much.The thing that peeved me was that we went on a Bloomspot deal which was $40 for a three course meal for two with a bottle of wine. So normally when I/you hear three course meal for two, you think you each are getting an appetizer, an entree, and a desert. But here, we just received the eggplant (around $6), the kabob plate ($30), and choclava ($5).  No one ever asked us any questions about allergies/food preferences but they did kindly replace one beef skewer for a chicken one. It was a little irritating because essentially, we got a $7 bottle of wine for free.
Gotta admit I had low expectations of this place- I have very limited (and mostly disappointing) experiences with persian food. This blew my miiinnndddd! I don't remember the names exactly, but we had an eggplant appetizer/dip thing that was very very good. I split the combination of beef and chicken kabobs with my BF. It was so GOOD. And I tried sumac + rice, mind blooowwwwnnn. I ate all the rice (ha.. sorry bf). turkish coffee is very strong and kinda strange, not sure if it's something I like. As was the cucumber + yogurt... not a big fan of yogurt, but I'll give it a few more tries.Sadly the chocolate baklava (which my friend said was really good) was sold out and so were several appetizers but I'll come back.
This restaurant is amazing! The food was amazing. For starters, they serve lavash bread that comes with feta cheese, basil and tomatoes. For the entree, I ordered the prawn kabob. The shrimp was perfectly cooked and the rice was very fluffy and flavorful. I also ordered dessert, which was the baklava. It was the perfect note to my meal. Also the servers were very sweet and welcoming. The interior of the place is very warm and cozy. Very romantic. I definitely recommend this place!
Cute little restaurant.... It would be a cute place to have a date with a boyfriend or girlfriend ... The food was good.... Services was very nice... Minus one star due to the tininess table they gave us...
Oh my...I can't praise the food enough... Yummmmmh. You should go and eat! ;)The dining room is full of gorgeous live flowers. Not surprising since the owner also owns "Rose Tea" that sells flowers two doors down. Both are wonderful businesses. Kudos, to the lady owner!I just found it a bit expensive for lunch as the cheapest dish was priced more than $16. They may compete better with a dedicated lunch menu.
5+ stars; really excellent food. i am generally not a fan of persian food because i prefer afghani and turkish cuisine, but Lavash is a game-changer for me. The koobideh, barg, and joojeh were all really excellent. the kashk-e-bademjan was fantastic.they pack takeout orders like PROs. their baklava is the best in the city. Also, attention yelpers-- SPELL THE NAMES OF ETHNIC ENTREES CORRECTLY. don't be ignorant. put forth some effort, "foodies".
Just tried this place last night and thought it was excellent. Nice and fresh, flavorful food, plus good service. I'm looking forward to my next visit.
Good dishes, quaint restaurant, and warm decor make Lavash a solid choice IF you are in the neighborhood on foot.Limited seating and location bring this lovely place from 4 to 3 stars. There are great great Persian restaurants closer and with greater access and larger array of choices.Lavash is over all a place for a good kabob and their delicious fesenjan.
We occasionally make it back into our old neighborhood and stop by Lavash for dinner.The reason for my update is to call attention to the courteous staff and friendly owners. She always remembers and greets us ....even if we have not been in for months at a time. This definitely has encouraged us to return many times.We are never disappointed with our dishes. There are never leftovers because we devour everything on our plates!!
HolyMaryMotherofJebusImmaculateConceptionMadonna that was a good lunch. Caroline and I took the fast train to Judah, aiming to go to that other place. But when we passed by Lavash, I suddenly remembered all the great things I've heard. It was also starting to become rather crappy on Saturday, after about 1 pm, and outdoor seating was not something inviting. Here, we were sat in front of the fireplace. At first I thought it was going to be too warm for my fragile lotus blossom skin but after an hour or so, it was like a spa treatment. My whole body was relaxed like a deep tissue massage. The service was very lovely. Attentive but not intrusive. Gentle yet helpful. I ordered the Koobideh and it came with a grilled tomato, some raw onion slices, and a pile of fluffy delicious rice, all on top of a sheet of lavash. First, there was this small plate of lavash squares, a cube of CHEESE (oh how i love thee, but you are so bad for my cholesterol), some chopped mint, basil, parsley, tomato and cucumber. Refreshing, delightful, and just the right thing to fend of the hungry angry monster. The meat was so juicy and flavorful and perfectly cooked. The texture was nothing like regular ground meat, instead it was ... bouncy. The opposite of dry, dusty, frozen, pre-fab. The water cups here are a tad small. And sitting in front of the fire made me really thirsty. But the fooooood. Oh glorious food. is this how Oliver felt when he asked for more gruel?
Great food, service and atmosphere. The chicken dish (Joojeh) has some of the best flavor I have ever tasted!
I'm originally from Los Angeles near Glendale. I must say this place is great!Great Tzatziki, great food in general! I would recommend to get the koobideh it was so delicious. The people that work here are so sweet, and will try their very best to accommodate your party. Just call in ahead of time for reservations, because it does get full.
Beautifully cooked healthy fresh food. All the dishes we ordered were so flavorful and beautifully prepared.
Persian/middle eastern food tends to be lower on my food list but when you are hungry, sometimes your tummy will have a different mind of her own :) Last minute spot opened up and I was glad we took it. Reservation is recommended as this place is pretty small. The service is excellent and the food was even better! We started with Kashk-e Bademjan (seasoned roasted eggplant). The sauteed onion, roasted garlic, and mint flakes really made this dish dancing in my mouth. The flavor is excellent. After this appetizer, we had the Lavash Salad (spring mix with feta, walnut, raisin, fresh herbs, and apple). Very fresh and good mix of sweet and tart from the dressing. As for the main dish, we ordered Lavash special for two. This comes with 2 lamb chops, one chicken skewer, one beef/lamb combo skewer, and one vegetable skewer. Really really tasty. They really marinated everything good and the meat came out very tender. the chicken was very juicy and moist and the beef/lamb kabob was really good, made me even think of butter as it melts in your mouth. The lamb chops were excellent too.. (you got 2 plates of basmati rice with this Lavash special). Everything is very good. To close this feast, we got a Makhloot - half persian gelato flavored with rose water, saffron, pistachios, and half rose water noodle frost sorbet. Delicious!!the downside: parking is a pain in this area but there are quite a bit of parking spots close to the Golden Gate park (along Lincoln way street) and if you park around 7th ave and Lincoln Way, it's only 2 blocks South to the restaurant.
We have been coming to Lavash since right around when they first opened in this spot. Sadly for us, the restaurant has too many good Yelp reviews -- makes it hard to get in without advance planning! But the attention is well deserved. As a Persian, I will tell you that their kabob is simply outstanding. Not dry, flavored well. We also love their kashk-e-bademjan appetizer and, for dessert, choklava (which is not made in house) and tea (their own blend). And for little ones (and grownups too), you might try zereshk polo (rice with barberries and chicken) -- our four-year-old loves it.
Outstanding food, phenomenal service, great ambiance...what more could you ask for. Lavash is certainly one of the top, if not THE top, restaurant in the Inner Sunset. Hands-down, five stars.
Excellent, tasty foodExcellent, friendly serviceA bit hard to park.
Great food! Cute ambience! Friendly staff! The only complaint I have was the tadig wasn't what I was used to. Regardless it was all amazing and the veggie kabob hit the spot. I would come back!
I'll keep this one simple. The food here is pretty good. The reason why I'm giving this place a three star is because I've had some really great tasting Irani food (homemade and restaurant style) and this place just doesn't cut it for me. I just don't think people have had AMAZING Irani food that I've had in Atlanta. I will say that goes for a lot of the cities I've visited. It might have something do with a big Irani community in Atlanta, but I can't say this place has great Irani food; good, but not great. The bread is not fresh like a lot of other places I've been and they charge extra for tea, which I found to be a little strange. Generally it's free, but whatever! Also, make a reservation because this place does get busy despite my feelings towards it :-)I did find this place to be extremely overpriced. I probably won't go back again unless someone new wanted to eat here.
This restaurant is truly as good as it gets. I've been to dozens of Persian restaurants all over the west coast and Lavash is now easily my favorite one. The fesenjan is the best I've ever had (as good as my mom's! hi mom :) And the tahdig (crispy rice) is actually crispy... and not too thick and not too thin.I'll be going there tomorrow night again. Can't wait!
Good friendly service, good food, sunny bright atmosphere. I would definitely return.
WOW.This place is absolutely amazing. My boyfriend (who is Persian) had been raving about the place when we first started dating, and now I know why. The food is so damn tasty and you can definitely tell that their ingredients are fresh (and healthy!) Unfortunately I was not able to try the fessenjoon (they ran out... :() but I was able to experience the greatness that is their KOOBIDEH. OMG.... it literally melted in my mouth. MELTED. so delicious, I was craving this place for a longgggg time after I tried it. I highly recommend Lavash- you will NOT be disappointed.
Going here is a special treat. From the atmosphere to the delectable food, it's a great experience.The service is pretty decent, nothing super special but courteous and prompt. The restaurant itself is reeally small, but they make good use of the space and it's very dark and romantic. I had this special dish the first time I came - lightly-breaded, fried fish with lemon over this reaally good rice. They only have it once a year during new years I think? It was very homemade tasting and super satisfying, like something your mother makes on Sundays. The second time I came here I had the mahi kebab (which is actually salmon) and oh my god was that delicious!!!! You should definitely get the chicken (my boyfriend's fave) or mahi kebabs when you come here. The rice of course is wonderful as well, cooked with fragrant herbs. Not to mention the lavash, cheese and vegetable start everyone gets on the house. Oh, and get the black tea if you're not having alcohol.
Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants in SF.  We used to live around the corner and have tried most things on the menu, and have not been disappointed. The mixed grill is a must-order for first-timers. Their koobideh is to die for, it is PERFECTLY seasoned and sooo incredibly juice. Oh and you must order extra grilled tomatoes to go with the rice and meat which makes for the perfect, well-balanced bite- I'm salivating just thinking about it!!
Good food. Ambient atmosphere. Servers are always very courteous. JP recommends..
Lavash is run by a lovely Persian family who make everyone feel like a regular from the moment you walk in the door. "Hello! How are you? Good to see you! Welcome back!" The dolmas are a sublime way to kick off any meal there. And for the main course, I usually rotate between the fesenjoon (pomegranate chicken), the koobideh (beef and lamb kabob), and the zershk pollo (stewed chicken with saffron rice and berries). The portions are enormous so if you're not starving, you and a friend can split an order of koobideh and an order of dolmas and it might be 20$ for a delicious and filling dinner - that's total! - not per person. I bring out of town guests to Lavash and they all rave about it. It's definitely a hidden neighborhood gem and I truly hope it stays that way. Note: weekends can get incredibly crowded so call ahead or be warned that you might have to wait up to an hour for a table. Lavash only has a few tables and a dedicated cult following so it fills up quickly. Weekdays tend to be ok.
Lavash was a disappointment for me. I heard about Lavash through purchasing a BloomSpot lunch / dinner promotional voucher. Today, I was looking forward to redeeming my ticket and decided to visit the restaurant for lunch. With the Bloomspot offer, I was suppose to receive a three course meal but only received the first two courses. According to the offer, the third course would consist of Baghlava. However, this was not given to me during the meal.The first course consisted of Kashk-e Bademjan and the second course contained Koobideh, Shishlik, vegetables and Joojeh. These items were served as kabobs. Each dish was beautifully staged on the plate but extremely bland. Throughout the meal, I thought the food was lacking many spices and tasted oily. I brought the food home for my other family members to try. At first, I wasn't going to bring anything home but decided to keep my promise. They also wanted to experience what Lavash had to offer. Unfortunately, they also felt the food was lacking flavor. For the time and money spent on the restaurant, I expected more.
best food in the city! and they're nice!
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a Saturday night (had to make reservations) and it was a great date spot! Low lighting, cozy atmosphere. We were seated at a table in a little nook with a bench and many fluffy pillows - comfortable and intimate. To start off, we were served the complimentary dish of mixed herbs, diced cucumbers and tomatoes, feta and many squares of lavash bread. Put together, it was super fresh and delicious! And surprisingly filling. We ordered the Joojeh soltani to share, which was a skewer of chicken (marinated in lime, olive oil and saffron season) and a skewer of ground beef and lamb, complete with basmati rice and a grilled tomato, all atop a piece of lavash bread, which I haven't encountered so far at similar restaurants. It's great because the lavash soaks up all the savory juices from the meat and at the end when everything's been eaten, you can just fold up the lavash with the bits of leftover rice and herbs and turn it into a pocket of deliciousness! The chunks of dark meat chicken were very tender and flavorful, while the white meat was not as juicy, but still good. I couldn't really taste the lamb in the ground beef/lamb kebob but it was still enjoyable - slightly chewy though. The grilled tomato was awesome!Surprisingly, we were pretty full off of our one shared entree and the lavash plate, so we didn't order dessert, but the baklava looked delicious! Will try next time for sure.
I really like this place. The food is amazing and the atmosphere is great too. U should try their dessert- especially the one that is 1/2 pistachio ice-cream and 1/2 rose water noodles (sorry, forgot the name). Their portions did get smaller with time so I suggest ordering their specials for 2+ ppl. I also suggest making reservations bc They are always busy and it's a pretty small place.
I'm shocked I haven't written a review for Lavash yet, as I love this place! I've come here both on a date as well as with a small group of friends, and either way this place shines. I wouldn't come with a group larger than five though, as the restaurant is quite small. On that note, reservations are definitely recommended!My favorite is to start with the Shiraz salad, which is diced cucumber and tomato in a light lime dressing. If I'm in a bigger group, throwing in the Sabzi Panir. Be warned though, this second dish is a never-ending plate of food, and could be a meal in itself! It's stacked high with herbs, walnuts, feta, grapes, tomato, cucumber and lavash.For an entree, my favorite is to share the Lavash Special, which says it is for two but with an appetizer or two you could share it with three or four people. The platter arrives with two lamb chops, 1 skewer of Joojeh (chicken), 1 skewer of Koobideh (ground beef/lamb), and 1 skewer of vegetables. They even remove the skewer for you, so there's no awkwardness in getting the meat off the stick. It comes on top of a piece of lavash, and with a huge plate of delicious rice.The latest time I was here, my friends and I were intrigued by the dessert menu and decided to give it a try. We went with the Makhloot, which is a combination of the Bastani and Faloodeh. Bastani is a gelato made with rose water, saffron and pistachio. I really liked it. Faloodeh, according to our very knowledgeable waiter, is the oldest dessert known to man. It is a sorbet made from thin vermicelli noodles and rose water, and is served with a lemon sauce that you can pour over to neutralize the rose water if it's too strong. I enjoyed the flavor of the dessert, but the texture didn't really do it for me.I love this restaurant, and will be back many times I am sure! Service is always helpful and friendly. I don't know if it is or not, but it feels like a family-run establishment, and I'm glad they're in the neighborhood!
I am so glad my cousin decided to bring me here for my belated birthday dinner. We were seated in the back far corner of the restaurant. Since my cousin been here before, I decided to have her pick the appetizers.We ordered the kashk-e-bademjan - roasted eggplant with roasted garlic - YUMMMMMMMMM, especially with the flatbread that comes with the dish. We also had the shiraz salad - i believe that was what my cousin ordered. Very healthy dish. I like it a lot as well.For entree - I decided to get the koobideh - i couldn't finish this deal because it was so filling. Big portions, and very good price. Dessert - I had the makhloot - half faloodeh and half bastani - VERY GOOD. My boyfriend thinks it taste like potpourri. But I really love the rose flavor in the dessert. I think I can actually have the whole order to myself. yummy. I will definitely be back here again, parking was a bit hard to find but that is usual for the city.
Little uncertain about writing this review. I think if I were more familiar with Persian food the rating would be higher.We went there based upon the Yelp reviews and tried the Ghormeh Sabzi and Fesenjan. I really wanted to like them but found them quite overpowering and not to the tastes of myself nor my girlfriend. I think in retrospect we're more kabob folks and next time will try those.I had the makhloot for desert. It was very good but half of it looks like gelato with fish bones sticking out of it. I was told the "fish bones" were starch noodles that were quite good once you became accustomed to them.The atmosphere was very nice and the staff was stellar.
This was my first formal experience with Persian food and I was blown away. We happened to wander in her early one evening, which happened to be Persian New Year. They were booked, but still made room for us to be seated. That was just the beginning of the friendly, warm treatment we received from the staff.Being unfamiliar with the food options, we chose a few options and asked for some recommendations. We ordered the eggplant appetizer, which comes with roasted garlic, mint leaves, and saffron. It was incredible. I could have eaten the whole thing as my dinner. But, having shared it with the table, it was gone in seconds. However, my favorite was the koobideh, the lamb and beef skewers that were one of the most flavorful things I've ever eaten. The spices were fresh and palpable and there was such a unique flavor that I was blown away. I'm craving it as I write.Since we were full from such a delicious meal, we almost passed on dessert. I'm so glad we didn't. We ordered the Makhloot, a combo of the gelato with rose water and the rose water frosty noodle sorbet. I was amazed by the frosty noodles. They were incredible, yet delicious and it's my new favorite dessert.I'm already planning my return trip.
Best Persian food around!
We were passing by this place and decided to walk in. It appeared to be not very spacious, but almost completely full of people place. Hostess was very surprised that we did not have a reservation, but still found a table for us.Lavash/cheese/greens free appetizer plate was very nice to get at the start. We have ordered one chicken kebab and one of the meat stews with the name that i did not even try to remember. Kebab came out very nicely done and tasted pretty good, but not that second dish that came out with a funky smell and burned baked lime on it. I took a few bites of meat and sent the dish back to the kitchen. That probably was something very traditional, cauze i don't see any other reason to serve this kind of food to people. Nobody offered us something else instead of it, and nobody actually warned us at the very beginning that it's a funky dish.I don't see myself coming back to this place.
The best Persian restaurant I know.Kashk Bademjan (eggplant appetizer) is excellent.
Super delicious! Based on yelp reviews we started off with the kashk e-badmejan (eggplant dish) and it was simple but delicious. Then we shared the large lamp chops dish which was the best lamb chops I've ever had. They were grilled to perfection and NOT very gamey. It tasted more like beef than lamb but was amazing...perfectly cooked and just the right amount of juicy. It's one of those things that you know is very high quality when it melts in your mouth. We didn't have room for dessert but when we looked at the menu, everything looked very original and lots of desserts with pistachio. Can't wait to come back!
Came with a group of people for a birthday celebration. Not an ideal place for larger parties because the space is so limited, but the food is excellent!For the appetizer, they brought out complimentary plate of greens, cheese, veggies and lavash plus we ordered 2 plates of the Kashk-e Bademjan that were wiped clean.For our dinners, we each ordered separate plates of the Joojeh (chicken), Koobideh (beef and lamb), Mahi Kabob (salmon, go figure) and Bademjan (beef stew with eggplant). We were all really happy with the taste and portions of the food.The service was great all throughout dinner. Very attentive waitress who didn't seem in a hurry to kick us out even though there were people waiting to sit and giving our larger (pretty much done with our plates) party the evil eye.Highly recommend the food. Just make sure you have a reservation and lots of patience to look for parking.
super deliciousi have Dolma which taste amazingand had Koobideh and was WOWHighly recommend But, it is expensive, we were 2 and ordered 1 Dolma, 2 Koobideh, 1 Baglava, 2 soft drinks and payed 55 dollarsusually for my husband and i, we spend around 35$ for lunch or dinner, thats why i think Lavash is expensive
Came with the family. REALLY ENJOYED the food. Great service, nice ambiance.  For appetizer, we got the dolma and kashk-e bademjan. Both were were very tasty, but the dolma was VERY GOOD.For entrees, I ordered the koobideh, wife ordered the joojeh, and our daughter ordered the bademjan (completely different from the kashk-e bademjan). The koobideh and joojeh was stellar, the bademjan was just okay for me - definitely nothing wrong with the dish itself, and I don't have any regrets we ordered it. If you like tomato sauce, you'll like the bademjan. Definitely coming back.My favs (so far): Koobideh and joojeh.
This is probably one of the best places to have tandoor items in San Francisco. Food is delicious. Candle lights, soothing, elegant ambience. We ordered Shishlik, Barg, Joojeh and Prawn kabobs and all of them were really good. They have some special rice which tasted awesome with the kabobs.
It starts with a plate of lavash bread, cut in squares, served with freshest herbs (mint, tarragon and cilantro) and feta cheese. Now, order the yogurt drink on a warm sunny day, and that would be enough to give this place 5 stars. But it gets better. Eggplant app tastes so good, I forget that I don't even like eggplants and dig in. Veggie BBQ is seasoned and grilled to perfection. The waiters are attentive and friendly. The place unpretentious and real.
Like most people raised on a steady diet of Persian food, I can claim some expertise--and this place knows what it's doing. It's awesome!I've had the koobideh, jujeh kabob, and fesenjoon--all major staples, and all excellent. The meat is tender and perfectly flavored, and the portions are more than enough. The salad shirazi was one of my favorites. The rice was good too, but did have some room for improvement (though I will admit I'm a rice snob). Another nice touch: they present you with a plate of herbs, cucumbers, feta, tomatoes and lavash bread when you sit. Instant appetizers are always something to appreciate!Overall, great food, great service, great little restaurant. I'm totally in danger of becoming one of those frequent patrons the owners recognize. I'd eat here every day! (No, seriously.)
This is a really good place. They provide filing and very good food at a remarkably low price. It's hard to beat that combination. And everyone there seemed very sweet. My meal began with a small, complimentary salad. You sure don't expect something like that in such a casual, neighborhood gem. Dolmas (beef and rice wrapped in grape leaves) were a wonderful and surprisingly light appetizer. These little tummy ticklers stimulated the appetite. Finally, a combination plate: one skewer of koobideh (ground lamb and beef) and one skewer of marinated chicken.  Both were great! The rice was nothing special and the cooked tomato on the plate was not cooked through. It would have been nice to have had some vinegar over the tomato to put some acid on the plate. But that's all quibbling. This was great food.Oh. And did I mention the remarkably low price?
I owe a review to this place, I've been here about a year ago and I can't forget what a wonderful dining experience my BF and I had. The food is great, staff incredibly nice (family owned), and the ambiance was warm and intimate. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something new on a date or with friends. Quick tip: don't skimp out on dessert!
Tonight I went to Lavash for the 2nd time. It is a gem of a restaurant tucked away on Irving St. It's a cozy and quaint restaurant that truly emphasizes excellent service from the moment you walk in till the moment you exit as the staff is waving you goodbye. We were greeted by a warm lady when we entered who really seemed like she was happy to see us. We got seated immediately. The money spot is the little bench in the corner which allows you to survey the entire restaurant and the foot traffic onto Irving St. Other money spots are the tables by the fireplace. On a cold and windy night, as is most nights in SF, it's such a treat to sit next to a fire. Also, for my ladies out there, the glow that it gives off if you're on a date is incomparable. We ventured away from what we had ordered last time just to spice things up and ordered the lean beef stew. Our waitress took the time and explained to us that it was herb heavy. She asked us what we had ordered the last time to gauge if we might like the stew which I really appreciated. The little things really do add up. I liked the beef stew but I can see why she gave us the heads up about the herb. It had a strong flavor that I think people will either like or dislike immediately. Kind of like when Richard Gere's character told Julia Roberts' character in Pretty Woman at the opera, "[People] either love it or hate it." P.S. How great was that movie?!?!    Everything was delicious and fresh. I highly recommend the sabzi panir - such a simple yet delicious appetizer. I swear that eating it really does make you hungrier. For dessert, we ordered the makhloot - a dessert that I've never had. I really appreciated our waitress suggesting how we should eat it - first without the lime juice and then with the lime juice. I found it to be a refreshing dessert. Before we left, we asked for a chocolate baklava that was tempting us from its glass display and the lady gave it to us at no charge. Highly recommended! Finally, you know how some family-owned restaurants almost have it right but their taste in music is just appalling? Lavash was playing Gotan Project and then switched over to Sade's newest album which only added to the overall ambiance. Why 4 out of 5 stars given all the good stuff I wrote above? Because everything can always be improved upon. The only fault that I can say about Lavash after tonight's dining experience is that they don't bring you your soda with ice in it. Everyone knows soda packs a more powerful punch when there's ice in it.
love the food here! such a cute little restaurant with such pretty decor. they offer a complementary dish of flat bread, tomatoes, cucumber, feta cheese and herbs, I love the Jeweled Rice; a mix of sweet and sour barberries and raisins. the kabobs are tender and very flavorful. I'm not a lamb fan and cant stand anything lamby, but I could barely taste the difference between the lamb and beef. highly recommended. Next time I'm trying one of the stews. Oh and I love the rose tea. Smells so pretty and taste wonderful. If you like tea, you'll love the rose tea.
The best best koobideh!
We were walking through the area, looking for a place for dinner and saw this storefront so I thought we would investigate. We got seated at a tiny little table for two, terribly romantic. Ordered dolmas but the kitchen was ouf of them so they suggested a fantastic eggplant appetizer instead. We shared lamb and ground beef kebabs which were wonderful. I ordered a unique beverage--rose petals and mint as an herbal tea, served with a rock candy swizzle stick. It was interesting and tasted yummy too. Wish we lived in the area, I would go back.
Came here for the first time this week with sister friends, and 2 little ones.  The setting is very intimate. The restaurant was not unfriendly to the little ones, but because tables are so close to one another, there was just not a lot of room to maneuver when holding to a child and heading out to the bathroom. At least not without knocking another patron in the head with my son's foot. oy... Parking was pretty hard and required a few circlings...  but... the food...Gosh, I think the 3 things that stood out was the dish of lavash with the herbs, feta cheese tomatoes and cucumbers.  So yummy. I'm going to just make that from now on. So healthy, tasty, and simple.  The Kashk-e-bademjan - a kind of dip with roasted eggplant was sublime. It comes warm and with such wonderful spices and mesmerizing tastes... hmm... I shared the lavash special with my sister and the item that we thought best was the lamb chops. So tender and the herbs and spices... delicious. The chicken was a little dry. The ground beef/lamb and vegetables were good, but gosh the lamb chops. delish!My sister ordered the chicken stew with pomegranate sauce that I thought was quite tasty too. I would have wanted to stay for dessert, but my little one started getting pretty squirmy, so we'll have to put it off. I would like to come again - maybe a little earlier.  the food is pretty spectacular.
I've only ever been to Lavash for lunch, but I'm sure it would be a great spot for dinner too. Food is consistently good and tasty, and service is consistently good, friendly and efficient. I just wish they'd bring back the old lunch menu where you could get a smaller serve plus salad, instead of using the dinner menu at lunch time, where everything is a bit too much (size and price). But great food in a local neighborhood gem!
My 2nd most favorite place in the city next to The House.Amazing seasoning and tastes! I thought I had good kebobs in Chicago but this place is awesome.Seating is pretty limited due to small size so I would recommend going during off peak times.
How this place has so many good reviews i dont know. As an Iranian with an affinity for Persian food, i coult not have been more dissapointed with the food.They get one star for having really nice people/serviceand one star for a cute atmosphere, although it was a little cold when we were there.I really did not enjoy the food however, nothing was up to par as a persian restaurant should be, and I am even lowering my standards/expectations for the bay area, as it is much harder to find good persian food here than in LA.The quality of the food was not good, the ingredients were not fresh, the bread was not warm.....and the list goes on.If you want the BEST Persian food in the bay go to shalizar in san mateo (be wary of their service however) , if you want the best in SF go to Maykadeh.
High quality Persian cuisineFOOD:Koobideh"Two skewers of mixed ground beef & lamb with saffron seasoning"$15.95The kebab was really moist, soft meat. Well seasoned. Roasted tomato was fine. Rice was good with the saffron on topFesenjan"chicken with ground walnut cooked in sour-sweet pomegranate sauce"$17.95Relatively thick sauce that had a sweet and quite tart pomegranate taste. Chicken was slightly dryAppetizer on the houseMint, parsley, cucumber and tomato pieces were fresh. Bread and feta cheese were fine.AMBIANCE: Looks like you're in a house-like place. Very comfortable and quiet.SERVICE: FineVISIT DETAILS: Catching up with friends from college
It's a happy coincidence to have watched "Persepolis" and find myself in a Persian restaurant a week later. I am just THAT much more interested in everything about Iran. Well, ignorant me, I thought everything tasted like Greek food. I swear if we closed our eyes, we'd thought we were sitting in a little cafe on some Greek Island ordering a Greek salad with feta cheese for every meal. But no, we are in Inner Sunset, in a small warm-toned restaurant that clearly just renovated and really put some thought into making it look more upscale. I admit I don' t understand some of the effort, like the waterfall thingy, or the painting that says "I feel it more than I see it," but nevertheless, I appreciate the owners' investment. I also appreciate their "eager to please" attitude. Everything was done so timely, maybe a bit too timely. We were still contemplating whether we were stuffed or merely taking a break before eating again, and they offered to-go boxes to us already. Like I said, very timely and efficient. The food is good so I could care less how authentic it is. My fiance and I split a yogurt salad. I had the Chicken with walnut cooked in pom juice. It was delicious! Full of flavor, and goes extremely well with my basmati rice. By the way, what is the yellow color on the rice? Whatever it is, I must admit somehow yellow has always been an appetizing food color for me. Oh I digress. Anyway, My fiance had the kabob combo with beef and beef and lamb. He said it was flavorful too. Dishes came in pretty big portions, so we had enough to take some leftover home. Anyway, I don't know how much I ended up learning about Persian culture, but the food is good enough to pay a revisit.
This is great neighborhood restaurant. Recommended for all you carnivores out there! The quality of the food is good for the price. Portion size is on the large side. From experience, dinner for two normally consists of an appetizer and an entree. Frequently we have some leftovers - that I gladly take to work for lunch:)This is not a fast food dinning place. So consider this when ordering take out or dinning at the restaurant. Our takeout orders usually take 20 to 30 mins to prepare.Well worth the visit if you're in the neighborhood.
I grew up eating Persian food and I absolutely love this place -- most authentic kabob and excellent bread. I recommend the koobideh and salad shirazi. The service, the ambiance, and the food all get five stars.
This place is really amazing, right down to the food and service. It's quite small so large parties are hard to accommodate. I have to thank yelp for helping me find this place.The lavash they bring out for appetizer is amazing. It was lavash flat bread and was served with cheese, cucumbers, tomato, cilantro and a lot of other fresh leaves. It was so fresh tasting.I ordered the lavash special for 2, which came with all foods amazing. Lamb is hit or miss for me but this place did it amazing! The chicken was good as well, they used different parts of the chicken so I hit a spot that was really dry. The rice tasted great as well. The vegetables are really delicious.
Koooooooooooooooooooooobideh! Nothing like a skewer of koobideh with rice and vegetable kabobs. Persian food is simple yet scrumptious, delicious, and satisfying. I have been eating Persian food for a while and this place is as good as my favorite restaurant in the South Bay.
I recently went to Lavash with 3 other friends and tried Persian food for the first time. It was the four of us (all female) and we all shared the Lavash Special, the Doogh (yogurt drink) and pomegranate juice, and the makhloot for dessert. I do not have any other type of Persian food to compare the food to, but for someone who often will go out either for Asian (Japanese, Thai, Indian) foods and also enjoys gourmet American and other foods (as long as it is not too hit-spicy), I thought everything was delicious.The koobideh was probably my favorite among the meats, and the skewered vegetables were a nice compliment. The Lavash special also comes with a plate of spiced rice (tumeric maybe?) which was well cooked. The Doogh was very different than what I am used to because it is tart and salty, but was still drinkable for me. My friends however didn't like it. The pomegranate juice tasted different than what I expected from other drinks (ie POM), but I liked it because it wasn't incredibly sweet and it was refreshing. The makhloot dessert was probably my favorite part of the meal (granted dessert is often the favorite part of a meal for me). The gelato/sorbet dessert is light, refreshing, and fragrant and was perfect following a flavorful meal.The service was also pretty good with the waitress being fairly patient with our questions and giving us tips (it being the the first time we had Persian food). However, I couldn't help but feel though like she was slightly in a hurry to run off even though there were only three groups at the restaurant.Overall, the food and service was very good and I would definitely go back for a special event (the food is somewhat pricey if you are on a budget). Definitely try the makhloot!
This place is phenomenal.Food:   There were 6 of us that went, and we all pretty much ordered something different; with that, I was fortunate enough to try a little of everything....Everything we ordered was absolutely amazing, but a few stuck out:1) Fessenjoon. The best fessenjoon I've ever had at a Persian restaurant. Because of the intricacy of making a meal with pomegranate sauce as it's main ingredient , it's usually a dish that is not made "just right," but Lavash nails it. It's not too sweet, which is usually the problem, but in this case, the flavoring is perfect, and the chicken is ridiculously tender.2) Koobideh - I've had some amazing koobideh in my lifetime...no one, though, has ever come close to beating out my Dad's. Sorry Dad, you now have competition. I ate mine and was close to ordering another one to take home and eat today....I'm now regretting not doing it. I've never had koobideh that melts in your mouth like this one did...Koobideh is usually overcooked, and unfortunately, at most restaurants, a little too dry...This LITERALLY disintegrated IN MY MOUTH....Please order it.3) Baklava- Every baklava I ever had tastes exactly the same. It's always good, but never have I had one that is noticeably better than the last. Something about the tenderness/moistness of this one, along with how flavorful it was, that completely blew all of us away.Like I said, everything else we got was great as well, but we ordered so much that it would be a novel if I described everything...so I narrowed down to my favorite three.Service:   So great...the guy helping us (who was not Persian) spoke Farsi to us. (not sure how he knows it so well, but he was carrying on conversation the whole night) He was super helpful and funny, and though he had a table full of idiots who were constantly complaining about something, he didn't wear his emotions on his sleeve and was constantly walking around with a smile. The food took a while to come out, but when you're being given great service, and you can tell everyone's working their tails off, it should not be an issue...especially when the food is so good. I spoke to the owner and her sister for a few minutes ...both of them were extremely sweet ladies. The owner puts a huge amount of pride and time into into restaurant, and you can tell by the results; the place was packed the entire time I was there.Overall, this is easily the best Persian restaurant in the city....Since my parents live in San Diego, I'm not fortunate enough to get that home cooking I oh so miss, so I'll be going back to Lavash anytime I'm craving the next best thing...
This place won my heart as one of my favorite places to eat in SF for sooo many reasons. Let me count the ways:1. On a Friday night, not only was there no wait to get seated, but we got a prime corner seats with pillows and a view of the fireplace. So cozy! And we didn't have reservations either! 2. Service was great and very friendly. The gentleman who helped us may have been the owner and he was very helpful in describing the food to us and helping us select what to get.3. The food was AMAAAAZZZINNNGG!!! We had their Aash-e-Resteh soup, which was a delicious warm herby noodle soup with lentils and chickpeas and roasted garlic. For the main course, we had their two most popular dishes, the Fesenjoon, which was a murky brown rich stew made with pureed walnuts and chunks of chicken, and sprinkled with pomegranate seeds and served with fluffy basmati rice. My man had the Koobideh kebabs which were made of beef and lamb and soooo tender. The two giant kebabs were sooo filling but we couldn't help ourselves and had to finish it all!4 . VERY reasonable prices for the amount of food we ate, it was $36 + tip for a soup, hot tea, and 2 entrees. We rolled out of there very happy. I will be back and will save room for dessert next time!
Just came back from this place with my family, so I'm going to do this while my memory's fresh.Appetizer:Kashk-e Bademjan $5.95This is an roasted eggplant dish that comes in a mashed up form. You eat it with these really really thin pita-like bread. At first, they also gave us a plate of mix herbs, diced cucumber and tomato, and feta cheese. With a little bit of herbs, feta, and a cucumber, the eggplant tasted really really good. We actually ordered another Kashk-e Bademjan but found out the plate of herbs would be an extra $4.......without it, the dish was only alright. We ordered three combination plates. Each plate comes with their lavash bread, Basmati rice *really good*, and grilled tomato. From those three plates, we had four different types of skewers/meat.1. Joojeh - Chicken breast & thigh meat - $12 for 1 skewerYou must squeeze some fresh lime to enhance the flavor. The breast meat was kinda dried but that was expected. The overall flavor is very ordinary and nothing to rave about.2. Koobideh - imagine a huge sausage with beef and lamb - $13 for 2 skewerAnother dish that's forgettable. The sausage taste more beef than lamb.3. Barg - skewer fillet of beef - $17 for 1 skewerThis is a must have. I guess the beef is rib eye fillet because it was very tender. They seasoned it with saffron and it was delicious. It's a bit expensive but it beats eating the Joojeh or the Koobideh by a mile. 4. Shishlik - 4 pieces of lamb chop - $20The lamb chops comes from the lamb rack. They were cooked to medium and it was very tender. Everyone loved it. The seasonings and lime juice greatly enhanced the flavor and covered the unique lamb flavor that some may hate. It may be expensive but it was good.So the two beef fillets and the lamb chops were good, but they were also the priciest...........and I would not order the Chicken or the sausage the next time i come. Which means I would be forced to order those............ o.OaDesertMakhloot - $6.50 - half gelato and half rose water noodle frost sorbetThe gelato tasted like vanilla and it contains pistachio, but this wasn't why I ordered. It was the rose water noodle frost sorbet that is unique. I can't say I never something like this, but the rose water made this one special. It was worth trying but I think price could be lower. =PBottle of white wine*don't remember the name* - $21It was a nice compliment to the type of food we were eating. It would be weird eating this meal with sodas.Service:The overall service was very good. I mean this is a classy and cozy place so you can expect decent service. However, they didn't refill our water glasses unless we asked for it. And just so you know, their glasses are size of McDonald's water cups. It's small and should be refilled often.This place is more like a 3.5 than a 4. The setting and ambiance is nice and cozy. Once again, the food is good only if you are willing to pay the big bucks. You can probably come here for a date or with a party of six. The tip was 18% for party bigger than 4. The total for the five of us was $160 and everyone was full and not bloated. Would I come here again? Yes. Would I come here often? No. So there you have it.
I first came to Lavash with my Lunching Ladies (aka my aunt and sister). I had heard and researched this restaurant and was very excited to try it. I was not disappointed at all, rather even more impressed! The server, usually there is only one, is always very attentive and patient, considering many patrons are unfamiliar with the dishes, always offering suggestions.My favorites: Koobideh (ground beef and lamb skewers), Joojeh (super moist chicken skewers), Bademjan (beef and eggplant stew in a rich, and oh-so-flavorful tomato sauce), the Rose tea for drink, and Baghlava and Bastani for dessert. All the flavors are so rich, strong, yet simple and clean.  I am not a fan of lamb, but the koobideh and lamb they serve here is so decadent and juicy! When I tried the Bademjan, i was skeptical because when i read "tomato sauce" it really can be hit or miss. Every culture has some sort of tomato sauce and I wanted to try this dish... it was perfect and inspiring. I had to practically peel the spoon from my own fingers to stop myself from eating ALL of it. The rice they serve with all the plates is saffron rice... so buttery and rich!Another super plus is that they serve a small plate of lavash, fresh herbs (mint, basil, etc.), cucumbers, tomatoes, and feta cheese for each table. You can order this on a larger scale if there are more in your party, especially because each ingredient tastes so fresh and clean you can eat a whole plate by yourself! Lavash uses fine ingredients that have so much flavor on their own, no matter how simple of an ingredient.. like cucumbers. SO GOOD.Come check this place out! It is so worth your time and you will be happy you treated your tummy to this delightful treat and a lesson in Persian food culture.
Made my first visit to Lavash 2 weeks ago for my birthday.Everything was delicious. From the Barg, Koobideh, and Joojeh. Their rice was fluffy and hot.I'm not sure that I'd go back anytime soon however since it's very difficult to get to from where I live in the East Bay. It took us an hour and a half to get their on a Sunday mid afternoon. Not their fault but there is no denying that if you don't live in the city it will certainly take a while to get to.If I'm ever in the area again I will definitely drop in for some juicy kabobs!Keep up the good work and I highly recommend this place.
What isn't there to like about Lavash? Very nice and cozy inside, not too many tables. If you plan on dining there, you better have a reservation as it is almost always busy. My fesenjn was absolutely delicious. So full of flavour, it was fucking wonderful.
Small, but cozy with relaxing atmosphere, this restaurant is a great find among a great selection of restaurants on Irving Street in Sunset.We called around 6:45 PM on Saturday night, asking if they could take 5 people for dinner. They said they can accommodate us, but only if we are done by 8:45 PM, because they had a reservation.  More than 1.5 hour for dinner was plenty to enjoy their food and service. The service was excellent - I felt welcomed and appreciated, though they were very busy, with line at the door.Now, about the food. Perhaps their lamb shishlik is one of the best that I have ever tried! We enjoyed their Lavash special, which was enough for two. Kashk-e Bademjan, their roasted eggplant with garlic, was a great starter and, in addition, they provided some fresh vegetables, salad mix, and cheese on the house.I tried their Doogh (Yogurt Soda) and didn't like it much, though it was not terrible. Their Rose tea was much, much better.Next time I would try their Sabzi Panir (herbs, grapes, cheese, nuts) with a great selection of wine.Please be aware that there is that there is an automatic gratuity of 18% added to tables of more than 4. Be prepared to spend $50-$60 per couple for a great dinner with wine.
This is the first time that Yelp (& fellow Yelpers) have let me down.We were visiting SF from LA and I decided to try a persian food place to take my wife, mother-in-law and our four year old. Lavash's high rating got my attention.I am from Iran and eat out at Persian restaurants in LA all the time. There is no way this place deserves more than 2-3 stars for several reasons - I wonder if this is a case of the business paying people for the high scores - some of the reviews' wording comes directly from their menu- I hope not. Hopefully this is just people's over-enthusiasm.Food was mediocre - the chicken kabob was overcooked and dry & tasteless. The tomatoes that came with it were also burnt on one side to char. The rice was drenched with butter and oil and was not the best quality. The Lavash bread was stale (as others have stated).  The Shirazi salad also was about a day or two old. Service was good (four stars if you must) but once the bill came I noticed that he had charged us an 18% automatic gratuity (parties of 5 or more). Of course there were four people in our party, not five.  He had also charged extra for any substitutions, salad for rice, etc. Also, the name of the server was listed as Nazila (not possible since Nazila is a woman's name and our server was a dude). This place left a bad taste in my mouth (literally) but then we headed up north to Napa and Sonoma where we ate at some excellent restaurants - which I will hopefully review soon.
WOW! Great food. Best Persian place I've ever eaten at, hands down.
Tacky-elegant decor, delicious food, moderate prices, somewhat disinterested waitstaff, overall good spot
3.5 starsHaving an Iranian mother has really set up an expectation that Lavash just barely meets when I dine there. The Doogh comes in a plastic bottle, the normally free plates of sabzi and panir are nearly $7 and dont even come with onion, and the service is just ok. The plus points are the decor (it's very warm and cozy inside), the portions (the rice is good, not too hard, not too soft), and the location. I've only had the joojeh here (it's my dish at any Chello Kabab place) but noticed there are veggie selections and fish, which is a nice change from other places I've been to. Nevertheless, it's a great place to take your folks to, or out of towners, I will probably be back at some point.
Came here with my family recently, after reading all the great reviews:CONS: - Main dishes were disappointing. My sister's chicken and rice (zeresh polo) was WAY too buttery! Literally, every bite had butter dripping from it. Gross. - My boyfriend and dad shared some kind of kabob combo, and I found that none of it was extraordinary or even really spiced right. - They don't even offer some of the most classic Persian desserts! PROS:- Service was great. Staff was really friendly and helpful. - Got a free appetizer (Feta cheese w/ herbs and bread but it didn't come with fresh onions-- which is a huge no,no)- The one dish that impressed me was the fesenjoon (chicken with walnut pomegranate sauce). It was made just right, sweet and savory, and not oily. - Their yogurt drink / rose tea / Persian tea are all good.- Nice low lighting and ambiance.SPARKNOTES: Lavash is overrated but decent.
Another great trip to this restaurant, this time I took lots of photos :) enjoy!!!
This is a really great Persian restaurant. The atmosphere is great and it's beautifully decorated. I suggest that you make a reservation on weekends because it can get pretty busy and it can be hard to find parking in the area, it's mostly metered. It's a really great authentic place, and I'm Persian ..so I should know....
Thank you Yelp for helping me find this gem! My friend's brother just moved into this area and she had a craving for some Mediterranean food, and not being too familiar with the area, I turned to Yelp. If you are on a first date with anyone, this place is the perfect place to go to. Cozy atmosphere, but not so quiet that its extremely awkward. The food prices are reasonable (just over $60 for 2 entrees AND a bottle of wine) and the portions are huuuuuuge. My biggest complaint in fancy looking spots (like this one) are usually the food portions, and I easily left here with a full stomach. They start you off with a plate of feta(? cause I dont eat cheese), flatbread, tomatoes, and some mint and other herbs. We were both starving, so this plate and the wine held us over until our main course came. My friend had the chicken kebab and I had the steak kebab. Both of them were seasoned well, and cooked properly. The meats are served over a large piece of flat bread and a nice portion of rice. Once again, the entree sizes are very reasonable for the price. I did not leave here feeling like I would have to stop off at in and out afterwards because I was still starving. Unfortunately, my friend had to get to her DJing gig early, otherwise, we would have stayed for dessert. The ice cream dish they were serving looked really good.I definitely have to come back here to try a few more items off their menu as well as the dessert. It looks like it gets pretty busy here at night, so you might have to wait, but they do take reservations. Parking is all street parking, but we did not have too much trouble as this area is not extremely busy like the rest of SF.
good food, drinks, desserts. they do take reservations. parking is a nightmare- get dropped off or take the N muni.
Was in the mood to try persian food with my parents and husband so we found this place on yelp reviews. It was very delicious! Simple, light! Trying new types of food can be intimidating for some people, but persian food is very simple, no scary or bizare ingrediants. Refreshing food to try as it is very light ingredients, but so yummy. The people that work here are very genuine. One woman, a persian woman I believe, would come out to ask how our food was. I liked that! The size of the restaurant is small which makes it a more personal place. It's very clean, dimlit. Even though it's very nice, I didn't feel out of place or looked down upon when I came in with my jeans on! Although I did have a nice jacket and boots. But honestly, dont fret about your clothes, okay? Just look nice, like you all do anyways :]The menu has lots of persian names on it, so definitely don't be shy to ask about the menu if you don't understand. Luckily, my husband speaks persian so I could ask him about what was what the menu. I had joojeh kabobs and they were VERY good. Laid on top of lavash with some rice. We also had a salad prior to the meal. I would recommend this place for a nice date! It's exotic, laidback, personal. It's a unique choice for food and no one has to feel guilty about eating the food either. It's not greasy or fatty.Finding parking may be difficult so keep that in mind and dont get discouraged. The parking is not the restaurants fault. It's San Francisco! No one has parking! :D
The joojeh (chicken) is moist, the koobideh is tasty, and my friend enjoyed her barg (beef) kabob. Each plate contains enough food for two meals. We also enjoyed the yogurt salad (mast-o khiar??)The complimentary plate of lavash, cucumbers, tomatoes, feta, and herbs they give you was a nice surprise. I see it all the time at Persian restaurants in SoCal, but not very often up here.
Great Persian food. I live in Seattle which lacks good Persian restaurants. A friend and I popped in here tonight and it was packed. A lot of Middle Eastern diners. We shared a large meat platter for two and the panzir appetizer. I upgraded my rice to zeresh (with the berberries) which was good. Food was fresh and delicious. Dessert was amazing - home made gelato and sorbet of rose water and some other ingredients plus Turkish coffee. Interior was warm and cozy. Service was prompt and very friendly. Will definately return.
Really creative and delicious plates, awesome interior, right next door. Done diddly yum.
The food is incredible! If you want great Persian food at a great price, this is the ONLY spot in SF. I've tried many Persian restraunts in my time and the food here has me coming back for more and more. The meat is all organic and grass-fed. Delicious and beautiful presentations with everything I have had so far. Service and atmosphere were excellent. It's a family owned business and the owners have done a great job to make Lavash friendly and cozy. I love this place and I highly recommend it!Try the Lavash special for two if you are on a date.Shiraz wine with dinner is a must.The Baklava (not sure if I spelled that right) cake and Persian ice cream for desert is outstanding.
Wow! This place was amazing from start to finish. Simply the best Persian food your are going to find (This side of Persia).
This is the best of the best. I'll definitely go back. Lavash has all of the key components of a great dining experience; excellent all around in: food, authenticity, service, expertise, ambiance. Did I mention the food? Incredible. I think that the owners cook and serve here, and they do it with pride. Great date or family place. This is one of the few places I've eaten in life where I would have happily paid much more for my meal (it was not expensive)
Per my friends request to have medeteranian food, I once again ended up in this place. This time..... My friends 9 mnth old broke a plate, what a reaction from the (male) owner. He acted like we broke the restaurant. He kept chanting something about us having control of the baby and how dare we break things at his restaurant. Rude is all I have to say. These people need to take a chill pill and hide in their room if they don't know how to deal with customer service. Definitely in the wrong business!!! I talked to a few friends of mine who have been there and to no surprise to me, same kind of experience. Can I give them negative stars???
This was my first experience eating persian food and believe me...I fell in love. The food is a great place to take a date..It's small but very intimate. The food was very tasty and ingredients were all fresh.  The Kooboidh and Barg were so good also the pita like bread was tasty. Parking was kind of difficult but it was totally worth it.
I came here to meet a couple of friends and did not really have a full meal here... but I did sample from my friends' dishes and wow.... So tasty, the meat was juicy, the rice was delish...the yogurtish sauce, yum.... all in all. A delightful experience. I will definitely be going back!!!
I really love this place - it has a wonderful, warm inviting atmosphere. I eat here at least once a month. We always get: Aash-e ReshtehYogurt Salad (save some for your meal!)Koobideh (you must get this)Joojeh (so tender and delicious)I always get extra grilled tomatoes and make sure you sprinkle some sumac on your food. And ask for the topping the comes on the jeweled rice to be put on your regular rice...it's a little extra, but sooo worth it.
I know my profile says my last meal would be Fisherman's Pasta (Scoma's),, but this place would definitely make me reconsider. The service is impeccable, and the food,,,,well, let's just say that every time i go there i promise myself i will try something new,,, but the koobideh is to die for!! I've had the fesenjun, the jeweled rice, and the chicken kebabs and they're all delicious. Sweet little appetizers and mint tea brewed to perfection in beautiful glass teapots with fresh mint and a sugar stick. Really nice and relaxing~If you've still got room for dessert - again- every choice is good!!
Incredibly rude. It takes a lot to motivate me to give a review, however I am still in shock and steaming over these guys. I am 9 months pregnant and was having an "I need to pee now emergency." I walked into the empty restaurant and asked to use their bathroom and was told "only for customers." I told them I would buy something that it was urgent and they still said no--they have no food to go." I told them I would just give them cash and they still said no. They told me to go find a coffee shop and I told them I would pay anything they wanted that the situation was so bad I could barely walk. Guess what their answer was--no. C'mon guys, I get that you dont want people walking in off the street, but have you heard of extenuating circumstances? I am 9 months pregnant, have a heart. I will never step foot in your restaurant and truly hope that one day someone treats a woman you love with the same absolute lack of consideration and kindness.
2.5 stars.The food was fine. The Zereshk Polo tasted good, but wasn't particularly interesting.  The low rating is largely because of the service. I arrived there to meet someone, stepped in the door and looked around to see if she had arrived yet. The hostess/owner/whoever kind of snapped "Can I help you?", sort of like I was casing the joint. I explained the situation and said there would be two of us. It was 6pm on a Wednesday, the place was almost empty, but she seemed very peeved that I did not have a reservation. She looked at her reservation book, her watch, her reservation book, her watch, and then hesitantly offered a table, but told me that I would only have two hours as she had a reservation coming at 8. This seemed a bit rude, but FINE, I wasn't planning a 12 course meal or anything. She sat me and offered to take my jacket since our table was this strange corner booth thing. I said sure. The servers were fine, very pleasant and happy to explain the menu, etc. After dinner, I went to the hostess station to retrieve my jacket. I thought she was busy and I quietly waited to ask her for my jacket. Finally, she turned around, I asked, and she acted very bent out of shape that I had not tried to get her attention sooner. In any case, this was not the annoying part of the exchange. The annoying part was that she said "Oh, yes, your jacket is hanging behind the door.". This seemed very strange to me. If you are going to offer to take my jacket, then bring it back to me after the meal. If you are just going to hang it behind the door so I have to fish for it later, don't bother.I am in no hurry to return.
We came here for a farewell dinner for our beloved yoga instructor who was leaving for a sabbatical in Maui. We hope she will indeed make good on her promise to return to SF and hopefully knowing that Lavash and other great places to eat are here will draw her back.Wonderful place with all the components necessary to make a great dining experience.Great food? check. Friendly service? check. The owner herself personally came to check on us at dinner. Also, they welcome you to BYO wine with reasonable corkage fees.Good Ambiance? check. The place is "cozy" (e.g. small) but features a fireplace and tasteful decor that is suitable for romantic and friendly/small group/family diningNice location? check. The Inner Sunset on Irving, especially between 7th-10th Ave is chockablock with great restaurants/cafes/local businesses and is a happening place day and night. The Muni train runs right through here too.Highlights of meal: Appetizer of thin fresh lavash bread with fresh cheese, herbs, tomatoes, and grapes.Roasted eggplant dipKabobs/main courses were very attractively presented, hot, and deliciousDessert of rose water gelato and baklava were excellentGREAT turkish coffee (but don't get it if you want to sleep within a few hours later)
CHOCLAVA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If you are near this place, GET IT! I am on the other side of the country and I dream of the Choclava that I had here! All the food was great, we had the sampler plate at lunch and it was excellent! Also, the mint tea was delicious! BUT, the Choclava was something I will never forget!We walked to this place after we went to the DeYoung museum. It's not that far of a walk.
vay vay. whoever owns/manages/is the chef here- gorboonet beram. Seriously, the best Iranian cuisine in all of SF. So tasty, fresh, and an excellent variety of food. I was ecstatic to find a place like in my beloved SF. Living here for 9 years but always having "okay" Persian food to remind me of home has not been so delightful. Now I have somewhere that I can write home about! Very authentic, very good, great variety of food (vegetarian and none), tender meats, delicious broths and stews, and awesome tea. you have to have awesome tea- its very Persian to drink tea with your meals. I can't wait for my family from LA to visit to show them this place- it will honestly make them second guess all their fav places in Glendale, Westwood and even Irvine. again, Vay Vay so good.Tips: 1- Make a reservation and come a couple of minutes early. Parking isn't easy in this area around dinner time. 2- Come hungry. You're going to need the stomach space for all the yummy foods.3- Save room the baklava.4- Say "merci" every time you interact with your host or server. it will score you some serious points, and maybe extra free appetizer/dessert5- I wouldn't take a party of more than 6 here- it's a smaller, more intimate restaurant.
This 5 star review is based on food taste, price, portions, atmosphere, etc. BTW: I Am Persian (1/2) and I cook Persian food. This place is WONDERFUL! It's always a good sign to see Persians eating in a Persian restaurant. (Just like any place right?) 1) Small, cozy and even a fireplace. 2) Service is excellent, friendly staff very family run feel3) Food: Large portions, great price, fresh flavors and quality ingredients So yes. Don't hesitate, do it. I approve. It is not often that you find a reasonably priced Persian restaurant and on top, one that has excellent food. The chicken is cooked perfectly, the rice (well, it is almost always perfect, but I have had it a little too buttery for my taste on occasion) and the flavors are to die for. If you have never had Persian food, you are missing out. I love the zereshk polo and if you have never had Persian food, you may not want to get the fesenjoon first as it is a very unique flavor that not everyone likes. Enjoy!
This place is A-OK.The food is good, although a little lopsided in terms of portion size versus variety (best to share... but make no mistake the portions are huge). Still, the food itself was excellent, and we were quite satisfied from that respect, although it is pricey.The worst part of our experience here, though, was easily the service. There was a lot to complain about in this regard in fact. First off they actually asked us to move during the meal (the place is always packed, and they forgot about a reservation they had made for a larger party). We were subsequently ignored for most of the meal too, especially near the end as the staff kept walking past without any effort extended to collect our money for the check.Overall, it was worth going to once, but due to the very crowded conditions (they really need a bigger location) and other factors... doubt we will be back.
Everything was outstanding. The dolmas, meat skewers, and homemade gelato/sorbet combo. Yum. And good service.
Went with a group for lunch. Definitely impressed with their food. Appetizers, especially the eggplant, were terrific. I had the lamb/beef entree and ejoyed every bite. Finished up with rose tea.Service was great. We were served quickly and the waiter was very attentive, filling up water without being asked.Would like to go back and try the lamb chops the nice time I am in the neighborhood.
I don't know too much about Persian food, but this place, authentic or not, was super delicious and very flavorful! The reason they didn't get 5 stars is because they should have a better choice of deserts....you can't skimp on the desert...it's the last chance you have to leave a good feeling in your customers belly =)
Random Fact: A coworker mentioned that the flat bread underneath the Koobideh, yeah, you know the one that absorbs all the juice-ness of the kabobs and spices, has the same name in Persian as "your wife's younger sister." It tastes better, but oh so bad for you. Ha! But in all seriousness, I had Lavash for the first time when a co-worker ordered it for lunch and I must say I've had a ongoing craving for Persian food ever since!! Koobideh!!! Need I say more? Absolutely delicious, with it's plentiful serving of basmati rice, beef and lamb skewers and flat bread on top and bottom. We also ordered a mix of salads, the Shiraz, Yogurt Salad, Green Salad, and Masto Musir. It's heaven when you make it dipping sauce for your flat bread. MMmmmm....just thinking about it makes me salivate..Must.Go.Back.Now!
Okay, when we walked in, both the SO and I thought -- great date place! It's quaint, dimly lit, but not over the top. Fresh flowers, small intimate tables far enough away, so you don't have to hear your neighbor's convo. Surprised with the wait on Wed. night. Maybe around 20 min. Finally seated, service wa s a bit slow, but they acknowledged it and that more than made up for it.Complimentary tomatoes, feta, cucumber, and thin bread. We started off with the quiche appetizer that was unusually light, warm, and heavenly when you top it with yogurt. Shared the koobideh which is a blend of beef, lamb, and spices. Prepare for juice drippage when you cut it with your fork. Very tasty. It went well with the beef stew cooked with eggplant and unripened grapes. Complex and hearty without being overly heavy.For dessert, I swear to goodness one of the best baghlava I've had in my life. SO washed it down with a beer.All in all great food, nice ambiance. Total bill - $45.
My husband's BFF is Iranian and his mom's koobideh is off the hook! When the husby's BFF made claim that Lavash's dishes blew his mom's take on the Iranian staple out the door, we were all in and wanted to have a taste for ourselves. We are no experts in Iranian food, but we know good food when it hits our lips. We went to this quaint restaurant on a Saturday night before an evening dancing - EPIC FAIL! If you are unaccustomed to the spices, or you rarely ingest a blend of beef and lamb, eating Persian food before a night out on the town is not a good idea. While the shallot yogurt and eggplant dip was scrum-deli-umcious and the koobiedeh moist and fragrant, we all left with extensive acid reflux and friendly visits to the watering hole . Nevertheless, Lavash has a great menu, full of Iranian favorites, What to try something new? The mixed ice cream was phenomenal, infused with saffron and rose water. Also, the choclava was excellent - baklava with a chocolate center. Nevertheless, Lavash has a great menu, full of Iranian favorites, but, the husband and I agreed that the BFF's mom's homecooking cannot be beat.
Very nice ambiance and great service. It feels homey, but classy at the same time. They have a nice fireplace and it really adds to the mood.The complimentary appetizer consisted of lavash, mint, cilantro, basil, tomatoes, cucumbers, feta cheese. It is supposedly a very normal dish in Persian cuisine. It was refreshing and I liked it very much. I ordered their speciality, the koobideh. It came with two long strips of koobideh (grilled ground beef I think), rice, a grilled tomato, onions, and mint/basil. It was very good. I would definitely recommend this place if you are in the area.
I love love love LOVE getting the sabzi paneer here and having it for lunch or sharing with my husband for a snack. Great road trip food! They also happen to have the best baklava in town (or at least best of what I've sampled!). Great service and friendly attitude, nice ambiance and it's around the corner from my place. What's not to love?
Lavash has some of the best authentic Persian food in San Francisco period. I always go for the tried and true Koobadeh which is basically a skewer of ground beef/lamb with delicious spices and herbs grilled expertly so that the meat inside is moist and succulent while the outside is slightly charred. It comes atop a huge bed of rice with a roasted sweet tomato.The spot is cozy and is obviously family run and service has always been good but sometimes it's a bit too casual and they forget to refill waters or parts of orders the last time we went.For dessert, there's a choclava which is a chocolate filled baclava style pastry but made with honey and rosewater. It was pretty decadent so I would recommend sharing.
This place is super, super good. I'm a fan. I love Persian food and this place did not disappoint. I have ordered out twice here (baby at home) and have always gotten plenty of food, rice and it is great food. I loved the Eggplant dish, as well as the rice dishes. My only complaint is that it costs more than I want to pay.
WONDERFUL!!My sweetie and I were on our way to the De Young for the Birth of Impressionism exhibit. We have learned to eat first then take tours, so scoped out the area for a place for lunch.WOW, what a great spot we found - Lavash!The wine selection isn't exciting, we just had glasses of house red.The food was great. We ordered the "Taste of Persia" for 2. It was delicious. 4 kabobs: chicken, vegetable, beef and a beef/lamb combo.Each person gets a plate of rice. We will definitely return and try other tasty dishes although it will be hard not to order the same dish.The service was good, the setting "silky" and I am sure very romantic at night.
I love trying new foods/restaurants/eateries, and I think Lavash is a great place to try really interesting and complex flavors. Maybe it's because I don't get to eat Persian food very often, but it was really different and I loved it. We started off with the dolma, which was simultaneously delicate, yet deep and very tasty. We also received their complimentary herbal dish (freshly cut cucumbers, tomatoes, feta cheese and Lavash bread with cilantro and mint garnish). Very crisp. The Persian tea was refreshing and aromatic, providing a good compliment to a hearty meal. We split the Soup-e Adas (lentil soup with ground cumin, carrots and celery). It was really good, although I think I prefer the thicker and more intense flavors of the lentil soup at El Mansour, a Moroccan joint on Clement St. For the main course, my friend got the Bademjan (lean beef stew with eggplant and unripe grapes). It was super tangy (must have been the grapes) and the eggplant confused us at first but it was delicious. I ordered the Fesenjoon (chicken stew). It was a little too sweet for my taste but totally worth a try just for the experience. It was more sweet than sour, with a strong flavor of walnuts and pomegranates. The chicken was very tender and went well with the Basmati rice. We concluded our meal with the Bastani, or gelato flavored with rose water, saffron and pistachio. The saffron was lighter than I expected, while the rose water struck a more dominant chord which made the gelato smell sweeter than it actually tasted. The pistachio left a nice, subtler aftertaste. I really recommend the dessert not only for the mix of flavors but also for the texture. It didn't leave that sticky residue that you often get from other types of gelato or ice cream; it was creamy but fluffy and almost dry but still rich. Try it! (Oh, and the service was super sweet and friendly, although sometimes it was a tad bit slow. My friend also wondered whether they have something against putting ice in our water/the drinks?) Either way, this is a place to try.
Decent to above average Persian food. It is still VERY good food but being Persian I am inclined to analyze every aspect of a Persian restos kabob comparing it to every other place I have been to and enjoy.I say it is just under Maykadeh and well under some of the better places in the south bay... I still highly recommend it as it is a great place to enjoy Persian dishes!
First time trying Persian cuisine. It was a really bad idea to start out the dinner with Doogh the yogurt soda drink, I thought I wouldn't survive the night. I had the lentil soup which was okay, and I am glad it was dark in there, otherwise I would feel extremely guilty because the soup looks very oily~ Lavash combination was a good choice for first timer. Koobideh is great, really good, definitely the best among all. I also liked the lamb chop, very soft. What I miss the most from Lavash tho is the Makhloot dessert, Service was great. I also like the ambiance and the decor. So I guess I will come back.
The food here is the BOMB! They give you lots of it too,you can taste the quality of ingredients and MMmmmmmm.We had the adas pollo jeweled rice and the koobideh.Scrumptious! Can't wait to return,lovely staff,great service too.
I realized my original review was where they were in the spot where the mexican restaurant now is. We've been here on several occattions this last year, sometimes bringing a friend from out of town. They all agreed that the food is wonderful here.And now on the menu they have salmon kabobs, but it was a bit dry. I prefer the steak kabobs. My daughter got the shrimp, which were huge and she just loved them. There is a lot of food in an order and we always love having left overs for lunch the next day.
The meat was under cooked and the food wasn't good at all. If you want a better Persian food go to Alborz on Van Ness and Sutter.
I've have Persian once before and it was so delicious, I had very high expectations. The kashk-e bademjon was very good to start. We also tried the kotlet which was a bit overkill since they started us out with a plate of fresh herbs, tomatoes, cucumbers and feta with lavash on the house. Who knew just fresh herbs sandwiched between some lavash would be so tasty!We ordered the Lavash Special which included a chicken skewer, a ground beef/lamb skewer, and two lamb chops. the beef/lamb skewer was the best! It was so juicy (read integrated meat fats) and flavorful. The chicken was nicely seasoned, but a bit dry. The lamb, moderately tender but a bit bland.Overall, it was a good quiet low key meal.. but certainly left much for me to hope for in terms of meeting my first Persian food experience. BTW service was excellent and very friendly!
I am in love with Lavash. The owner and servers are super nice. And the food LAVASH-ly delicious![Warning: I rambled. I could go on and on about this place. I LOVE IT! And will definitely be back again and again and again.]Tonight, I dined alone and it was delightful. I was able to enjoy every mouthful of food without having to actively listen to a conversation or think of something witty to say. It was just me and my wonderful authentic persian food.I was rather eager when I sat down - perusing the menu. I knew exactly what I wanted but given that it was my first time, I didn't know that Lavash owners had an item on the menu made just for me: Soltani plate - one skewer of barg and one skewer of koobideh. Imagine my excitement when I saw it. The owner came by to ask if I was ready. I think she took a step back when I responded with a resounding "YES!" I didn't want to delay my amazing feast for another moment. I ordered my Soltani, then a glass of house cab sav, which was fantastic! And...and...I wanted more. Yogurt salad - yogurt with cucumber chunks. And...and..."that is plenty for you!" hahahaha. I found that endearing. She said it in such a warm, playful and yet serious motherly manner, I had to agree and relinquish my menu to her. A glass of water and a plate of parsley, mint, basil, cucumbers, tomatoes, and feta cheese with thin slices of pita bread. Every meal should start like that! Then came my wine. Followed shortly with the yogurt salad. I worked my way through the starter plate. Completely forgot to take a picture of it. But there are probably some here already. And anyway, it was rather dimly lit in the restaurant (read: romantic and/or relaxing with a gas fireplace and bench seating too; it's a warm and inviting cozy space). Not wanting to get full, I kept having to tell myself to slow down or simply pace myself but to no avail. It's fate was sealed. With that out of the way, I enjoyed quiet texting to my best friend who was on her own food adventures in NYC while sipping the fantastic cabernet sauvignon. Did I mention it was house wine and that it was very good? It was, both. The main course came and WOW! Smelled delicious. Looked perfect. I couldn't have dreamed it better. The saffron rice was fluffy and took the sumac very well. Thin fresh slices of onion, more mints, a grilled tomato....the presentation was impeccable. OH! All on top of a piece of flat pita bread. The meats were juicy, tender and flavorful. Between the two, my favorite was the koobideh because of that slight hint of lamb. YUM! I have a pretty darn good life and Lavash just made it even better. Thank you for being you, Lavash!
After going here the first time I found myself wanting some of their Dolmas so I returned for a second! I love their Veggie Kebabs and the rice that they serve with it! I didn't finish everything and was told by the waitress that the food is even better the day after! I definitely agree! Second time around is great! I love the cozy atmosphere too!
This is the closest thing to having a Persian Momma filling up your lucky tummy! Pure lavish Lavash experience: saffron tea, cucumber yogurt, koobideh, fesenjan (PERIOD) .Small cozy place. Now taking reservations due to frequents. Deserving, they have authentic Persian food. The rice is a fine art of saffron and butter magic.This is one of my favorite restaurants even if I have to wait for a table and sometimes they don't serve the Fesenjan.
I have been to Lavash many times and their food and service has been top notch every time. If you are looking for great Persian food at unbelievable prices this is place to go!
Lavash does meat very well. I don't know this from personal experience, but I'm Armenian, and all of my relatives (especially my dad) are shish-kabob connoisseurs who aren't afraid to pan even mediocre skewered meat, so when they consistently give Lavash's meat offerings high marks, I trust them.But I don't eat meat. So Lavash can't score more than two stars from me, right? Wrong. I've written four-star reviews for many places that don't have much to offer me, and I think I even gave Edward's Steak House (RIP) five stars largely for nostalgia. And honestly, Lavash seemed poised to benefit from some major childhood-and-heritage-based nostalgia. I mean, it's called Lavash, which is also the Armenian word for flat bread, which my ninety-eight-year-old grandmother used to make in her backyard in the tundir. They had sold the house long before I was born, but I've seen the tundir in my cousins' backyard, and I can just imagine Nana lying on the ground and slapping the lavash dough against the side of the tundir and then coming back out a few hours later and getting the finished bread out with the special hook (which is a scary-looking thing). I've also seen Nana cut lavash with scissors, add just enough water to staling lavash to bring it back to life, and reject poorly made or too-old-to-be-saved lavash. Basically, I already associate the name of this place with the adult (other than my parents) I knew and loved best from as early as I can remember, so they've got to get a high rating?Again, wrong.Where to begin? Yes, this is San Francisco, and although you get high marks for authenticity, I know there are more Persian and generally Middle Eastern vegetarian offerings to be had than shished vegetables. The menu almost seems like a catering menu, which is fine if most of your business is to-go orders, but if you're going to open a restaurant proper, you need to give people options (and I'm not just complaining about a lack of meatless fare).So this review would be at a low three stars, but Lavash's problem is that I actually ate here. In my life as a very forgiving eater-outer, I've experienced bad service plenty of times for plenty of reasons. There's busyness, too few waitstaff, lack of attention to detail, incompetence, negligence, and plain rudeness. In case you didn't notice, I've arranged these reasons in order from most excusable to least excusable. Unfortunately, Lavash falls on the latter end of the scale.When our party of eleven arrived for its reservation, we were the only patrons in the restaurant, and because of how many of us there were, we were seated right in the middle of the smallish restaurant, near the front counter. We ordered relatively quickly, and our food didn't come out too late, although the dishes' arrival could have been spaced out less. Other diners did start to trickle in over the course of the evening, but there were never more than three tables occupied at once, yet once our food arrived, the waitstaff did its best to ignore us. Again, it wasn't busy; there were two people working (for three parties), and it wasn't as if the servers were hiding in the back. No, they were standing at the counter right behind me most of the time, chatting; but it was comically difficult to get them to refill our water. It felt like an episode of What Would You Do?, but I refused to take the bait. When the female server finally began removing our plates, she was obsessive about using her crumb comb. It is a pretty neat little device, but if she had paid half as much attention to serving us throughout the meal as she had to removing the crumbs from our table, this would have been a three-star review.
Lavash serves the best Persian food in the city. They have a lovely staff, serve amazing food, and the ambiance is very welcoming. I have recommended Lavash to almost everyone I know who lives in the city! I would also highly recommend booking a table in advance, as the place is high in demand. Enjoy!
Beef with herbs was tasty.
This is my first time having Persian food and it was amazing. I don't really remember the names of anything, so i'm sorry ahead of time. We started off with 2 appetizers. The first one had Lavash bread (it was smiliar to a tortilla but thinner), feta cheese, grapes, tomatoes, walnuts, and various herbs. You basically choose what you want to put on each piece of bread and eat it. The feta cheese and grape together were so good! The other appetizer was grape leaves filled with lamb. That was really good as well.For the entree, I shared the Taste of Persia with my bf. It came with skewers of lamb and beef combined, steak fillet, chicken, and vegetables. It also came with 2 very generous portions of rice. All of the meat was on top of Lavash bread, which tasted great when the juices of the meat had soaked it. My favorite skewer is the chicken.We ended with 2 desserts, baklava and a gelato and rose water. Both were very good.The servers were very friendly but towards the end of the meal, service was a little slow. It took awhile for us to get our check and for someone to take it. Every table was full so that might have also been why.
Never had Persian food before and didn't really know what to expect but the food was delicious, the atmosphere was wonderful and the staff was great. The only reason I am giving this place four stars instead of five is because seeing how I've never been to another Persian restaurant I can't judge how Lavash compares to the rest but I will say, "they have definitely set the bar high"
Hands-down the best chicken I have ever had in the city -- anywhere. You don't feel as though you are eating out in a restaurant. More like you have been invited over to your hot Persian boyfriend's house (finally) and are eating his mom's secret kebab recipe. Devouring the dish, you hope that he pops the question--but mostly because you can't bear the thought of not being able to savour that chicken ever again.Or maybe, that's just me. The meat is spiced perfectly, cooked perfectly, and nary a reduction-coulis-tapenade-aioli-blah-blah-blah in sight. When you cook something so simply, yet so well, you don't need fancy stuff--just a little bit of rice, and maybe a salad.Great portions of food, and reasonable pricing. Are you convinced yet?
Another tour of the inner Sunset area for different Cuisine. Persian food is similar to Greek, turkish, Iranian taste Genre.Great free vege appetizer dish to start and the Baba Gnosh is well roasted and darken, top with an Olive/oil paste. Delicious!For the main dish, we order a mixed meat plate for 2 to share, Lamb, Checken and Beef. This is very tendor and well seasoned. Strongly recommended.Rose tea is a good novelty, it it sort of similar to the Chinese flower tea. The Bakalabva is soggy and mushy, different from the Crispy Greek version, the flovor is there, but taste slightly Stale. Not recommended/In general, a 3.5 to 4 stars.
Holy good god of Persian food this place is awesome. My wife is Persian and she brought me here and I'm more than glad she did. This was one of the foodie highlights of our vacation. She ordered for us, which included an order of their Bademjam (eggplant sort of hummus thing with crushed garlic). We also ordered the Soltani, which included one kabob of chicken and one kabob of Barj (beef kabob brushed with saffron). We love the generous portion sizes here, it's easy to share and they give you a lot of rice. Everything is seasoned well and cooked perfectly. The service here is always spot on, you have to try their Persian hot tea with lump sugar it's so amazing after your meal.
I went to UCLA and grew accustomed to good Persian food and was looking for one in the area. This place fixed my cravings. Appetizers: Kashk-e Bademjan: roasted eggplant with roasted garlic: yum Doma: mix ground beef wrapped in grape leaves: yummm Taste of Persia: fillet of beef, chicken breast, and grounded beef & lamb. ohhh that's the stuff + shiraz salad. (for two) Portions were good and we were all stuffed before leaving. If you can handle your caffeine... order the Turkish coffee. Great stuff, but kept me up at night... while i dream of more Persian food next time.
I am a huge fan of middle eastern Mediterranean food so I was super excited to see this place open up! I found the best on the item to be the lamb. It is cooked perfectly and seasoned just right. The rice that goes along is buttery and delish! The atmosphere is warm and inviting. Being that this place is family owned you are usually going to run into a family member at the front end greeting you with a huge smile or coming by your table making sure everything is just right. Great spot to get your red meat fixings on in the Inner sunset!
Got take-out. Excellent, but better eat it there, when it's still fresh and hot. Good value, too, for the amount of food you get.
I've only had Persian kebabs a few times before, but I thought these kebabs were definitely delicious. We had the lavash appetizer, which was HUGE. Plenty of feta, lavash, vegetables, and herbs for a group of 6 at least, and very tasty.My only complaints are that the meats were a bit over spiced, so the flavor of the meat itself was a bit covered.Very friendly and attentive servers.
I gave this place three stars because the food was great but sadly the service was beyond bad. I went there with a friend on a Friday night around 6ish. A youngish guy in the front told us people had reservations for 7p...presumably to let us know that if we wanted to eat we needed to be done by 7p. Wait, what?! After seating us, he hurriedly gave us our menus and left. Later, when it was time to order he told us they were out of shrimp something that would have been helpful to know prior to giving us the menu. Ok?! We ordered two salads but only got one but were charged for two something we had to point out to the guy when we were paying. The whole time we were eating we felt rushed and ignored. Finally, after paying the guy returned to ask if they had done something wrong. Ok, maybe this guy does care....or?! When we started to tell him he abruptly interrupted us saying that no tip had been left. Wow!! Just a few minutes earlier I had walked up to him to ask for change for a $20. We had already paid with a debit card and if he had only looked down on the table he would have seen the more than generous tip I left for his mediocre service... Who knows...?? Maybe it was a fluke or maybe not? I might go back but if I do I would certainly let the staff know about my past experience there which was less than thrilling.
I like this small Persian Restaurant. It's a cute place and has a good service. The food is not the best Persian food you can get but it's pretty good price. In the bay area, I still prefer Alborz in Vanness and Shalizar in San Mateo more. Barg kabab at Lavash tastes like Jengeh which is tasty but a bit oily. Barg should be fat-free! The Sabzi and Paneer platter is very beautiful and fresh- the best among Persian Restaurants. Also, try their Akbar Mashti Ice Cream. It's amazing!
Lavash is wonderful! I have been there twice in the past month, as after dining there the first time, my friends and I just had to return two weeks later. From start to finish, it's a great experience.The decor/ambiance is very welcoming and lovely upon entering. The staff welcomes you immediately and you are made to feel at home, as if you are about to dine in their living room. The wait staff is attentive and very polite.The food is delicious! I will say that I am no authority on Persian food, but the eggplant appetizer is divine, and the walnut/pomegranate chicken and lamb dishes are delectable and full of flavor. I love the Rose Petal tea and the baklava (and choklava!) is light, crusty and sweet.One of the great things about Lavash is that they go that extra mile - they bring you a plate of feta cheese, greens and pita on the house, the Turkish coffee comes with a little cookie, etc. They take the time to make the customer feel special, which keeps you coming back!Thanks, Lavash!
I came here for my birthday with my family who were visiting from out of town. Everything was great. Part of our party was running pretty late (not used to trying to park in the city), one person had an allergy, and we have a child under two years with us, the staff was totally accommodating. Everyone was happy with their food and the service. =)
The Koobideh was a five star entree. It tasted great - just enough lamb to add its flavor without making it too "lamby". It was also a really big portion, enough to share with multiple people.The service was less than five star. The host was polite and direct when I made my takeout order, but he added at the very end that it would take "about 5 minutes". About 20 minutes later, he handed me the food without so much as a sorry or explanation. As though the time difference was no big deal. I really wouldn't have minded had he said that it would have taken 20 minutes from the get go - there's enough to do in Inner Sunset and the food was definitely worth the wait. But to miscalculate that badly with no explanation is weird and off-putting.
Since we live in the neighborhood, thought it was about time to try Lavash. It has a high rating on Yelp so I expected top notch food and service. We went with friends who also live in SF. They seated us at a table for four that really felt too small. The waiter was super nice and helpful. He explained what a lot of things were on the menu and gave us time to think about what we wanted without rushing us. We brought our own wine and for a restaurant that is on the higher price end, they didn't even have real wine glasses. Overall, the food was good but I wasn't super impressed. Last year I was at a Persian restaurant in New York and was blown away by the food. I was obviously spoiled. They give you generous portions of kabobs and rice. A couple things that I didn't like were, my glass was dirty when we sat down at the table. Another thing was when they cleared our appetizer plates, they didn't give us new silverware for our entree. Higher end restaurants always do this. When they don't, it always makes me feel like they're lazy and don't want to wash extra dishes. Regardless, not sure if we'll go back. There are much better restaurants that are more reasonably priced with better overall service.
Although listing this restaurant under the Middle Eastern category is incorrect, I am happy the mistake was made. I would have never found or tried this restaurant if not for that mis-categorization. I had never tried Persian food before so was unfamiliar with the cuisine.  I was initially disappointed to find that it was a persian restaurant, not a middle eastern one. But lucky for me, I was in the mood for something new. My friend and I had to wait 30 or 40 minutes for a table (on a Wednesday night!) but I found the food worth the wait. The owner and the server were gracious and informative. The owner offered us a complimentary glass of wine since we had waited so long. The server was patient with us as I asked questions about the different dishes. The food we had was delicious, fresh and well presented. I highly recommend this friendly restaurant and will definately return again and again.
Added to my favorites are...1. Bastani-- heavenly Persian gelato of Rose, Saffron, and Pistachio flavor. 2. Fesenjoon-- hearty chicken stew with ground walnuts and pomegranate sauce. We've become regulars as we frequent at least once every two weeks. Staff is excellent. Food is excellent. Good equation for a long standing establishment.
Went to Lavash hoping to try Iranian/Persian cuisine for the first time. Ambiance is nice with a fireplace in the dining room. Grilled meats reminds me of Afghan but not as moist and tender with the exception of the mixed ground meat (beef & lamb) skewer. Food is decent and worthy to try if you haven't had Iranian food. We were disappointed with the service. Our server did not offer service utensils for plates that was clearly meant to be shared. She never checked in on our food and rudely whisked away our food before we were done. There was 2 people waiting at the door but by far not needing to rush diners. We walked away full as portions are large but not a Happy customer. I probably will not go back.
As far as Persian places go this is my favorite. The koobideh is moist and exceptionally seasoned, and best one I've had anywhere. The other grilled items were just OK, and salads that we had were not too impressive, but still yummy.
I've never had persian food ever. This was my first time and I have to say that this place has made me a fan.I went here with my friend on afternoon so it wasn't super crowded. The owner came by to help us and she is adorable! We ordered....(1) Mast-o-Mosir [yogurt with shallots] - AMAZING and so simple. Great food doesn't need many ingredients. It just needs to taste good. and this...was beyond good. it was phenomenal(2) Lamb & Beef Kabobs and Basmati Rice with Saffron Seasoning. This is a traditional choice for persian food. It was delicious and classic(3) Zereshk Polow - Basmati Rice with Barberries, Raisins and Sauteed onions Served with Chicken Spiced with Cumin, Turmeric and Saffron. This HANDS DOWN is my favorite dish EVER. I'd never had barberries before and everything just mixed so well together. So much flavor but none too overwhelming.I tipped 35%. It was worth it. Great Service. Great Food. I'm telling every one of my friends to come here and if you're reading this....do yourself a favor and try this place. SO GOOD.
This is a really cute spot, nice decor and friendly service. The panir appetizer was huge, and beautiful. The chicken kabobs were OK not the best I've had. The beef dolmas were yummy. I felt like it was a little overpriced compaired to most middle eastern food I've had, but still a good spot to try.
My favorite persian restaurant anywhere. This place has become a regular stop for me each time I visit the city. The shishlik and koobideh are out of this world amazing. The rice is ridiculous. The staff are great, the atmosphere is nice, and parking isn't that bad.I'll come here as many times as I can.
Went for dinner tonight with a few friends. I came across this place here on Yelp and thought it looked good. Lot's 'o' stars, good reviews. Glad we went.Don't ask me what I ate tonight, but here's a brief description. A plate with some sort of eggplant that resembled refried beans. Very tasty. Another plate with a cucumber tomato salad, not too exciting but good. Last appetizer was a plate with grapes, cheese, flatbread, more cucumber and a bunch of herbs. Very fresh and appetizing.Main course was chicken and rice, with what appeared to be pomegranate seeds and raisins. Very yummy, way too much on the plate, and the rice was fantasic on it's own, it wasn't just a filler.My friends got lamb, some kind of stew, and a kabob, and they all said theirs was yummy too.I'm sorry that I don't remember the names of what we ate, because you really should try this stuff. However, based on just this one visit I'd bet that whatever you choose will be very good.Nice atmosphere, very friendly wait staff, (owners?), nice neighborhood. I could see coming back quite a few times to try everything, but come hungry.
This place was fabulous. The food was amazing and really hit the spot. The service there was excellent as well. I would go back here in a heartbeat!
Being Persian, i must say that this was probably the best persian restaurant i have ever been to! Seriously, i usually only like my fathers persian cooking, but this one has restored my faith in going to a persian restaurant! 2 thumbs up! i recommend trying the yogurt appetizers, a delicious entree, and a nice cup of tea with their homemade persian ice cream. everything was amazing! also, the waitresses were incredibly kind!
Food was fine -- not bad but not remarkable either. Our small table for two was handled by three different people -- a guy who gave us menus and took our order, a woman who brought our food, and another (extremely hostile) woman who took our plates and brought the bill. It was a disjointed experience and the service was lackluster. With so many other choices on Irving, I wouldn't go back.
I've only eaten at one other Persian place in my life (Maykadeh) so if you're looking for a real ethnic prospective look elsewhere, you've been warned :). Solid place. The folks running the place get an A+ for attentiveness and quickness. I would recommend anyone looking for a date spot with good feng shui this is your place. Started off with the eggplant appetizer, good choice and served it with ... you guessed it lavash bread. I liked the Persian tea, def a highlight and recommend getting yourself some. For the main I got the branberries, cranberries and chicken. Definitely a new culinary experience for me. I wasn't a fan of the rice the chicken was served on; it was soaked in butter :/. Maybe this is normal for persian food, not my thang.
Everything is good! And the service is great!
I love Persian food as my best friend in college was Iranian and I was invited to her parents' house for dinner every Fri! This restaurant is a gem -- everyone is charming and hospitable. The ambiance is cozy and fun. Came here for my spouse's birthday and he was delighted with his dinner. Had the vegetarian bademjan (eggplant and mushroom stew) and shrimp kabob dish, and for appetizers, the yogurt salad and shiraz salad. The complementary small version of sabzi panir is my favorite. The kabob dish is also very good, with a lot of vegetables (a few pieces of shrimp and the rest veggies), as is the yogurt salad. The bademjan is tasty but I had trouble eating it after seeing the layer of oil on top of the dish. My spouse loves this place so we'll definitely be back. Next time I'm definitely going to get the sabzi panir again (yes, in addition to the complementary one), and the veggie kabob or try the kookoo sabzi (herb quiche) if it's not rich, and the yogurt salad.Our waitress said the beef is organic which indicates that perhaps there's attention paid to sustainability. 5 stars for hospitality and ambiance, 4 stars for food, 4 stars for sustainability, 3 stars for healthy vegetarian options = 4 stars.
The food here is good, solid Persian food. Prices are not through the roof. However, I had a bad service experience which I won't forget. We had a reservation for 5 and ended up having a 6th person join us at the last minute. The hostess, who may have been an owner, made all sorts of faces and practically asked us to leave due to the hardship we were causing the restaurant. I understand that it's a small place, believe me. But the rules of both the restaurant business AND of Persian hospitality dictate that you take this in stride, be polite, and make accommodations. I would have left except for my out of town friend who really wanted to have dinner there. I've been hesitant to go back ever since and recommend friends to trek out to Alborz instead.
Was in town from LA with my family. Being Persian we were craving Chinese food But decided to give this place a try due to 4 1/2 stars. The place was small, but cozy and seemed to have a nice atmosphere. Service was good, minimum wait. Food was okay being from LA I've had way better kabob, at best I will compare the kabob to hanks bistro here in LA. The plates were decent enough for one person. Iranians need to realize charging $5 for 2 cups of tea ain't gonna cut it. Heck chaie is so easy and cheap charging $5 for 2 small cups is not a good business practice. Heck maybe we should have stayed with Chinese food!!
By Northern California standards, Lavash comes in super high among all the limited Persian food options! As far as San Francisco is concerned, it's probably the best of your limited choices. (And, no, it doesn't come close to any of the restaurants in LA.)I ordered tahdig (not on the menu) with ghormeh sabzi stew on top and Soltani (a ground beef kabob and filet mignon kabob combo). Everything was delicious. I would say that the rice portion was not as generous as many other Persian restaurants and the tomato was definitely insufficient. The best part was the lavash under the rice and kabob. I've never seen this before, but it gave me a nice little treat of noon-zeer-kaboby (bread under the kabob)--my favorite part of home cooked kabob. And the price was very appropriate, something that sets Lavash apart from the other Persian restaurants in NorCal.As far as ambience, Lavash is very quaint and feels "khodemooni" (one of our own/welcoming). While it's quite small, size didn't limit the experience. Our waiter was a non-Iranian gentleman who spoke Farsi very well and was very attentive. The hostess was also very attentive and friendly.For the non-Iranians who don't know what to order at a Persian restaurant, here are my tips:appetizers: kashke bademjoon and/or tahdigsalad: salad shirazidinner: soltani (for one or two) and/or ghormeh sabzi (both of these for 3) and/or "a taste of persian" (probably fine for 3, even though the menu recommends for 2)
Some of the best Koobideh I've ever had. Great appetizers, great entrees, great teas. If you like meat and like flavorful food, this place is legit. This is one of the best restaurants in the Sunset. The place is on the pricey side, but it is definitely worth it.
After a short stint in the Middle East, I was in search of delicious kabobs, which most SF restaurants overcook, leaving the tough meat inedible. Lavash has wiped out my hesitation to order kabobs because the tenderness and juiciness is sealed.The stews are also stunningly yummy and tasty. Lavash introduced me to the khoresh side to Iranian food. The addition of pomegranate or other sour components to a traditionally savory meal perks up the taste buds. These stews are on my list of comfort foods.All the appetizers, even the dolma are wonderfully presented with a sprinkle of pomengrante, fresh feta, and mint.I absolutely love the tasty food here. However, I seem to always get seated at the teeny weeny 2-seater or right next to the door that blasts Inner Sunset wind right in my face. Since reservations are accepted, ask to be seated next to the fireplace.Plus it is conveniently located along the N-Judah line, 2 outbound stops after the UCSF stop.
I'm thinking of setting my kitchen on fire just so that I'm forced to eat all my meals here -- this place is fantastic!Came here last night for dinner with the boy, and we didn't want to leave. The decor is done absolutely perfect and tasteful (they must have spent a fortune!) and they turned down the lights for the perfect mood setting. Also, since it was so cold last night, the fireplace was on making it nice and toasty.Service is wonderful, very attentive but calm and not in your face. Just catch the attention of one of the waiters and they'll come over, otherwise, enjoy those privy conversations to your delight.Food is absolutely delicious. The free appetizer went perfect with the tomato/cucumber salad we ordered. The smell of the entrees knocked me over, and I was practically drooling before the plates were even set. Boy ordered Shah combo and practically licked the plate clean and I got the Mahi Kabob that I'm still dreaming about. Food is not spicey, but flavorful, but if you're wanting a kick in your mouth or nose, this isn't the place.Perfect place for a date -- right atmosphere, right mood, and good location!
I finally found a place in SF where I can call home. Well, I'm from Glendale CA and so I'm surrounded with plenty and plenty Mediterranean food there so I have become accustomed to eating it practically every week! So when I moved here, there was a lack of good Mediterranean places to go to or enjoy---until I found this place. My roommate is half Greek so she's also picky as to what places she eats.But this place, enjoyed the food and the service very much. I would go back here in a heartbeat. Until my home calls again, I'll be back soon.
Me and my friend went here for dinner today. We ordered a meal for two, "A Taste of Persia" and some salad. The plate included 3 keebobs on Lavash bread, onions, tomatoes, and rice. The meat tasted really good, chicken, beef, and one meatloaf kind of sausage.  The service was superb because the waiter was very nice and they made sure we were taken care of. The place is good for dates and looks pretty fancy for the price.
Great service...Okay food. Not much more to say really :/
very romantic inside - orange hues with candles. i felt like I was in an Italian restaurant. loved the kubideh and the fesejan.
Great food, friendly service and a nice atmosphere. It's true that the chicken kebabs were a bit dry but the Koobideh is the best and the Zuricsh Pollo is also really good, as is the eggplant appetizer.
Came with my friend who is Persian and claims that this is her favorite place in the city. It was nice to try so many different traditional dishes that were delicious! Yogurt soda, the lamb and eggplant stew, and one other dish I cannot remember the name of. A yogurt/ chive dip with pita bread type appetizer and a bottle of shiraz to top off our lunch. Yes please!
I love this place! Always a pleasure eating here. The chicken kabob is to die for, I also love the Kashk-e Bademjan (under appetizers), it is absolutely delicious. Roasted crunchy garlic, perfect blend of eggplant, very tasty. The rice is perfectly cooked, the Persian tea is fabulous. I just love bringing family and friends here because the service is always fantastic and it's a very cute location, walkable distance to Golden Gate Park.My friend ordered the Zereshk polo with barberries, dates, and raisins and she really enjoyed this. It was her first time trying Persian food and I knew this was the place to do it! I wish they offered lunch specials but they're so damn good they don't even have to.
The ambiance in the restaurant was great. We ordered Kashk-e Bademjan for appetizer, Lavash Special and Koobideh for our meal, and they were all very scrumptious! Even the complimentary appetizer was delicious. The restaurant was full, but we luckily got to be seated. It is a great Persian/Iranian restaurant.
I'm kinda confused as to why all these reviews are raving about how great this place is. I came here with my mom and sister. To start with the food: my mom and sister are meat eaters, and I am a vegetarian. I ordered the vegetarian Bademjan, they ordered the joojeh and Koobideh. The Bademjan was not rich enough..and it was too sweet and watery. the Joojeh and Koobideh had too much seasoning in it and was low quality meat. The deserts did not look appealing or fresh, so we did not order any. Our appetizer of Kashk-e Bademjan was excellent, and so was the rice. I give them credit for that.   The staff seemed kinda confused, and the lady who was in charge was very brief with us..we waited about 15 minutes for a table at 3 pm, and it took about 5 minutes for the table to get cleaned.  Overall, I would not hike across town again to go to this place. I have had better persian food for a much lower price.
Without a doubt, best Iranian food I've had ever (maybe, maybe tied for first). Went with a group of 5. Got the kash-e bademjan and kookoo sabzi to start. The bademjan (eggplant) was outstanding; rich, but not too rich, and just great balance of flavors. The kookoo was good, though I've never had it before, so I can't compare it to previous experience. Still, it tasted great. For entrees, we got the khoresh-e bademjan (vegetarian), fesenjoon, zereshk polow, and jujeh kabab, All were outstanding; seriously, I can be picky about Iranian food, and I can't think of any complaints. Maybe the khoresh-e bademjan is a little too oily, but it was still great; and its really nice that they offer vegetarian. Just great food overall, and good service (though that is something I'm never picky about), and it may have helped that I speak some Farsi. Moral of the story: learn some phrases in Farsi ensure you are satisfied with the service. Desserts (bastani and faloodeh) were nice as well, as were chai and Turkish coffee.
Had Valentines dinner here with 2 friends. I was the third wheel. This place was great mostly because of the owner- I think her name is Nazeem? Anyway, it means flower and she is a flower! She's gorgeous and has this great hospitable way about her. She made us feel welcomed even though my friend had messed up our reservation. On Valentines night she figured out a table for us!She brings out lavash bread with some feta cheese and veggies as a gratis appetizer. Then we had the eggplant app (a must) and a cup of the lentil soup (amazing). My friend and I shared the salmon kabob. I found the salmon to be fishy, but they liked it. The grilled veggies were devine! My other friend had the lamb. He was very satisfied. All that and two bottles of the Coppola's director's cut pinot noir and we were one happy couple- er, threesome. I left feeling satiated but not gross. Really look forward to my next visit.
Ummmmmm, It's yum yum. My Persian palate is just like a newborn. And Lavash is a great start to learn the unknown flavors with a big surprise. I have the appetizer, which is the second from the bottom (forgot the name :P) it tastes great. I also have Koobideh Kabob as the main course, which is delicious and filling. Yet, the soup ( I believe is the first one on the list) isn't very entry-level friendly. It's a big bowl full with hard-chewing leaves. The texture of the soup is herbal and speechless. LOL  Oh, the Pomegranate Juice is hella fresh and juicy. =POverall, it's a great experience. ummm, yum yum.
Being Persian, I had high expectations. I came here with a group of 16 people. The atmosphere was small but super cute. Service was more than amazing. They were on top of every point and were very understanding when we bombarded them with millions of questions. The owner was in store and absolutely a sweetie. She greeted us personally and had a great time with the other employees within the restaurant. Every time I glanced in their direction, they were laughing, snacking and having a great time. It definitely made the atmosphere more comfortable. I'm used to Persian restaurants that are trying to be more high end and afraid to display that fun play around aspect. The prices are amazingly reasonable. If you know Persian food, you will know that it is never cheap. Now onto the more important things.... FOOD! Everything was so amazingly delicious I have nothing bad to say. I sampled the Joojeh (Boneless chicken thighs marinated in saffron, onion and lime juice), Prawns Kabob, Ghorma Sabzi (Beef stew with finely chopped onion, leek, scallions, chives & herbs, dried lime), Koobideh (Ground beef & lamb with saffron seasoning), Shishlik (Lamb chops brushed with Saffron seasoning, lime and spices), Fesenjoon (Chicken with ground walnuts cooked in pomegranate sauce), Yogurt Salad, Kashke Bademjan (Roasted eggplant puree with roasted garlic, mint and saffron) and YUM! The Sabzi was super fresh and a great combination of Feta, Herbs, Grapes and accompanied by Lavash bread. The only thing I could say that didn't float my boat was the bread. I like fresh right out of the oven bread. They seemed to use bread from the grocery store. But once again the everything made up for it. For dessert we sampled on Bastani (Persian ice cream flavored with pistachio, saffron and rosewater), Baklava and Choclava. Delicious. I will be returning to this great place soon and frequently!
as far as traditional persian food goes this is the best i have had in the bay area. organic and free range ingredients are hard to come by in the persian community so thats also very awesome. flavors are very authentic. the fesenjoon and gormeh sabzi were just like my mamas and the kashk-e-badamjanjoojeh and koobideh were spot on as well.the staff was friendly and helpful all night.
Amazing. The best middle eastern cuisine I have ever eaten. Believe me, I eat middle eastern food anywhere I go and I never found a place like this.
Yumi was craving Persian food and a good friend suggested Lavash.Got a mix of skewers and this rice dish, Zereshk polow, OMG, hands down delicious! I kept scarfing it almost without manners. Everything was perfectly seasoned! My friend was absolutely right, great food, slightly expensive, but the portions are hefty. I really think that Iran has the best rice dishes I ever had and Lavash didn't changed my mind. And now there is a reason more for Yumi to take a flight.
Great restaurant ambiance, price is extremely reasonable for SF.The chef was there when we ate there, down to earth and personal. The Panir appetizer was refreshing, light, and kicked off the meal great. The stew with pomegranate was amazing, never tasted anything like it. And the lamb kebob was good too.All and all a wonderful experience
This is the second time I've eaten here and the food is excellent with a healthful home-cooked feel! The spices and flavors are just right. Great local restaurant. I'm glad I was introduced to this place and I'll be back soon!Soltani, please!
One of Iran's culinary traditions is to wrap kabab in lavash bread so that the bread can soak up juices from the meat, making it moist and incredibly delicious. Lavash tries to replicate this tradition by serving its kabab on a layer of flatbread. While that aspect of the meal was delicious, it's difficult to rate this restaurant above some of the other better Iranian restaurants in the Bay Area, particularly Shalizaar (located on El Camino Ave in Belmont, CA) or even Flytrap (a nouveau Iranian restaurant on Second and Folsom). In all respects, Lavash serves traditional Iranian food and is a traditional Iranian restaurants and our group was composed of traditional Iranians. The best meal our group of six had was the tadiqh (rice crust from the bottom of the pot). We requested that our tadigh be dressed with two different stews: (1) bademjoon (an eggplant based stew cooked with lamb and usually served with rice); and (2) fesenjoon (a pomegranate based stew that is cooked with onions, chicken, and ground walnuts and usually also served with rice). The tadigh was excellent - by far the best meal of the day.We each also ordered Ash e Reshte - a traditional noodle soup made with spinach, parsley, cilantro, dill, chives, several kinds of beans, lentils, beets, mint, kashkh and reshte. The two most important ingredients in this soup are kaskh and reshte. Our soups lacked in both regards. The soups were plain and could have been much better prepared (I recommend other places). They relatively bland and our group couldn't help but feeling that it lacked in several spices which are ordinarily used.We all also ordered kabab koobideh (a ground beef kabab) and shishlik kabab (lamb shanks). The koobideh was very tender, but also incredibly oily (most likely cooked that way so that there were more juices for the lavash bread to absorb). It tasted as if the bottom was layered with a thin slice of fat. The shishlik had too much salt, taking a bit away from the flavor of the meat. I would easily recommend the shishlik oer the koobideh. Other than those complaints, the meat was very well cooked. Overall, the common perception by our table though was that while the kabab was good, it was NOT the best in the Bay. Lastly, we each had doogh. This was probably the most disappointing aspect of the dinner. Doogh is a traditional yogurt based drink that is dressed with mint and salt. Lavash did not make homemade doogh (something top of the line Iranian restaurants usually do and pride themselves on). Instead, they provided store bought doogh which they brought in a bottle, as opposed to in a glass. Doogh is a carbonated drink and to bring it in a bottle is a recipe for disaster. In sum, for San Francisco Lavash is a great traditional Iranian restaurant. Traditional Iranian restaurants in San Francisco are notorious for being horrible (Maykadeh and Alborz are not very well respected for their food). Nonetheless, I would easily prefer eating at Flytrap for Iranian food (even though its not traditional), or driving 15 minutes south of San Francisco to Shalizaar in Belmont where the kabab is significantly better and where the doogh (and bread) is homemade.
They use Niman Ranch beef which sets them apart from any other Persian Restaurant. Food- Best Persian food I've ever had. I got the Koobideh Kabob, and the mosto mousir. complimentary appetizer consisted of lavash, mint, cilantro, basil, tomatoes, cucumbers, feta cheese. I tried my friends Barg which was also cooked to perfection. Service- Excellent service, very nice server. Atmosphere- cozy and clean. The fireplace is a nice touch.I will definitely be back soon.
A friend picked up dinner to go from Lavash a few days ago, and damn did it hit the spot.We got the Shiraz Salad, which was refreshing and clean, had a nice zip.The Bademjan was rich, hearty, and the unripe grapes were unexpected but interesting. They got a little overwhelming but that might be due more to my being unfamiliar with that flavor combination than anything else.I loved the Fesenjoon. Big pieces of flavorful, juicy chicken, the stew was meaty and slightly astringent from the walnuts, sweet and sour from the pomegranate.Plenty of basmati rice and lavash to soak up the stews.An order of Bastani went untouched for a few days because we were stuffed, but I took the hit and finished it off myself. Creamy, floral, sweet, the salty-sweet of the pistachios, and a big wafer disc for texture.Generous portions, decent prices, and damn tasty.
This wonderful family restaurant is just what I had a taste for, and everything was delicious.
As a Persian, it is a hard thing to find a good "kabob-ei" place....but its good to know that when your away from mom's good ol' cookin, you can grab some yummy dishes that can remind you of home. My wife and I had the "dolmehs" and "kashk-e-bademjaan" both very tasty and authentic while for our main entrees we had split the "persian 'combo' for 2" - pleanty of char-grilled kabobs, steak, 'joojeh (chicken) and veggies served with 2 portions of rice. we ate all of it.....lol....great place if you wanna get out of the city and into inner sunset for good local food.
Really good food - we ordered the Kashkeh-bademjan, koobideh and the chicken kabab and they were all excellent. We also got the ice cream (bastani) and the choclava for desert, and they were delicious as well.
Delicious Persian food, served up by a friendly family in a beautiful yet casual atmosphere for a good price. What could be better?I am Iranian, and I know Iranian food. My mom is a genius when it comes to Persian cooking. For that reason we usually just go to my parents' house to get our Persian food fix. Well, no more driving down to the south bay for that buttery rice and juicy kabob. Now we have a place in our own city that is better than the rest of the choices here both in food and ambiance. None of that gold trimmed gaudy decor of most Persian places. The decor is lovely and tranquil and very tasteful. The service is friendly, efficient yet peaceful and unhurried. For anyone that loves Persian food, go to Lavash.For anyone that doesn't know Persian food, going to Lavash will make you love it.
Went to Lavash last Thursday night and am damn glad I did! Lavash is for lovers. At least that's what the restaurant says when you enter for the first time. It's small, intimate, darkly lit and a warming fireplace. The very first thing I noticed when I walked in was the aroma. Holy nose dancing around like it just won something, the aroma of cooked spices will do nothing but make you hungrier and if you weren't hungry when you walked in...you will be. Having spent roughly six months in eastern Turkey, I was ready for some Persian cooking. Eastern Turkey is influenced by it's neighbors style of cooking and it shows. I was eagerly waiting to retaste kabobs the way they were meant to be prepared. The appetizers arrived and what a suprise that was. I was not ready for the flat bread, feta cheese, grapes, walnuts, herb mixture and ripe tomatoes. Great combination as you make yourself a Persian taco. We ordered kabobs and chicken. All wonderful and definitely reminded me of being back in eastern Turkey. I strongly recommend this establishment due to it's ambiance, availability of transportation right to it's front door and of course, the food. The food is top notch as well as a caring waitstaff. You will not go wrong by enjoying a lunch or a luxurious supper in Lavash.
Lavash is a great spot if you're looking for a quiet, casual, DELICIOUS meal in a cozy setting. I highly recommend (along with everybody else, apparently) the koobideh (beef & lamb) kabobs.
I went here last Saturday night with my girl friend and our friends and had a really great time. I knew next to nothing about Persian food before going here save that I was really in the mood for something new. Started out with the Aaesh-e Reshteh, which means super friggin yummy noodle soup in Persian. Had the Koobideh for a main, skewers of meat and lamb roasted and placed on saffron rice and lavash. this was as good, if not better then it sounds. For desert we had Bastani and choclava. So so so good!
RLLY RLLY GOOD! the dolma was the best ive ever tried. very nice atmosphere, rlly romantic. the meat was good. the soup was amazing. oh and try the persian tea. best tea ive ever had. amazing. definetly go here.
Upon first going in, I was struck at how tiny the place was. I'm from San Diego and am not used to tiny places. But my aunt informed me that this was par for the course for San Francisco. So I guess I won't hold this against them. That being said, I still didn't enjoy being bumped by the waiters nearly every time they went by -- about 10-15 times!But the size of the restaurant was my only complaint.FOOD: 5 stars!! I've eaten a lot of Persian food...and this place had the BEST koobideh plate I've EVER HAD!! The meat was so tender and juicy it was unbelievable. Everything else was great too.AMBIANCE: 4 stars. It was small but decorated nicely. The lights were turned down low enough -- just right.PRICE: ???. My uncle was kind enough to pay so I have no idea.SERVICE: 3 stars. Unfortunately, their service on this night left a little to be desired. It was average (3 stars = "Yay! I'm a fan.") but not mindblowing great. I did appreciate the effort from the non-Persian server who was learning Farsi. Though totally unnecessary, I thought it was cute and an nice touch by him.Would I ever go back? YES, YES, A THOUSAND TIMES YES!! Too bad I live in San Diego and can't enjoy this wonderful gem of a place every week!! Eat here, you'll love it!!
Full disclosure: I worked at this restaurant for a little over a year.This is, somewhat, in direct response to "Ray H."'s 1 star review from the 17th, and somewhat because I feel like, after almost a year away from working there, I can, honestly, say what I feel.In my experience with Persian restaurants in San Francisco, this is the best. The owners work their bottoms off trying to make the place as welcoming as possible and as wonderful an experience for everyone. As a member of the minority-gay community, I can assure all Yelpers that there is not a hint of prejudice in the running of Lavash... I will confess that if a customer comes in and is somewhat difficult, they will be remembered the next time they come in (it's a small town, folks), and, while I do not offer that as an accusation or an excuse, I do want to offer it as the truth... The owners, however, basically adopted me into their family. My partner and I spent Thanksgiving (after I no longer worked at the restaurant) with their family because mine had disowned me and his were on the East Coast. The love that they have for entertaining and cooking for people doesn't always reach everyone who has very particular expectations of a dining experience, but, I assure you... having "peaked behind the curtain"... the description of this customer's experience does seem terrible, but, I don't feel that it's 100% fair.Lavash, nor anyone who works there, is in ANY way homophobic, or racist... if you have a bad experience there, it has nothing to do with either of those two features, I assure you!
Lavash.... it's cheap, relaxed, interesting and maybe a top five restaurant I can remember visiting in the past year! Authentic Persian/ Mediterranean food - beautifully cooked with the fresh tang of mint, cilantro, almonds and all of the other flavors that make this cuisine so interesting. The kebabs were mountainous, and again beautifully cooked. It's easy for kebab meat to be horribly overcooked and dry but every one of the many courses we order was perfect. The service was super friendly and everyone at Lavash actually seemed excited that we were there and enjoying their food (the waitress lit up when my love asked for recommendations). The ambiance picked up as the meal went on and the restaurant filled up with a mix of locals and people that looked liked they knew their Koopideh from their Shishlik. Its been a few weeks since we visited Lavash and as I remember the experience whilst typing this review my over riding thought is 'why havent we been back there yet?'
The koobideh is delicious and juicy, however I don't really care for the salmon, it doesn't taste as good as the meat in my opinion. We got the eggplant appetizer too, but I'm not too fond of it. The texture is just too ahem vomit-like. The place is small, but luckily they can accommodate 8 of us. I love the decor, it's very warm and welcoming.
A friend of mine recommended this place to meet to try out since I wanted something new. A friend and I wanted something different and decided to check this place out and trust me when I say we were certainly pleased. We tried "A Taste of Persia" it was just delicious a combination of lamb, chicken, and beef. It also comes with lavash bread with basmatic rice, grilled tomato and sprinkled sumac. The service was excellent as well since we were seated and served immediately. A nice atmosphere definitely a good place for date night. I highly recommend this place. It is a hidden gem in the Inner Sunset District.
I went here an a double date, had a fab time, and stayed so long we closed the place down! The waitress was sweet, even going as far as bring us a plate of the delicacy tadig (a crunchy, buttery crust formed in the bottom of the rice pot) so that my non-Persian friends could taste it's wonderment. The dolmas were superb, and the koobideh was perfectly juicy. If anything could change any two things about Lavash, it would be they would play Persian pop music...Googoosh makes me swoon and she be stunningly perfect there! And I would almost camp out there if they offered some seasonal khoresh (stew) such as apple khoresh, peach khoresh, or spinach & prune khoresh. I do like zereshik polow and fesenjan, but they are not my total favorites.
They used to be my favorite Persian restaurant in the San Francisco/Bay area, but they managed to become my least favorite in only a couple of years. They join the rest of greedy and unfriendly Persian restaurants in the city.I called in the morning and made a reservation with them and confirmed it before they were even open for the day. They then called back a couple of hours later and said they couldn't accommodate our party unless we show up at 5pm. They are NOT family/kids friendly restaurant. Never going back there again.
The food here is undoubtedly GOOD! My favorite is the Shishlik - delicious lamb chops, cooked to perfection with delicately flavored saffron flavored rice, served on warm Lavash bread with grilled veggies. So now that we have that out of the way, BE WARNED - The staff here can be RUDE and utterly DISRESPECTFUL. You might not experience it the first time, but I have been here enough times to categorically say that the ladies of LAVASH need a course in true hospitality. Great food, deplorable service! Just had dinner there....waited about 20 mins for our drinks, another 20 for the order to be taken. By the time the food got to our table, I was over it. You are sure to have a good meal here but be prepared to not only wait, but also deal with rude waitresses.
Finestkind place for Persian food in the inner sunset - all the dishes were fabulour, the Persian tea was great. Family run place with charmingservers who are all smiles. May need reservations on weekend nights -
The Lavash Special is amazing. All the meat is fabulous...organic, grass fed and amazing marinades. Cozy little restaurant recommended for a date night or smaller groups. Drinkable house wines. They claim to take reservations and take-out orders but have never been able to get through their voicemail system. Both times we ate without reservations and did not have to wait. The family that runs the restaurant is very friendly.
Delightful meal. Our server, Joseph, provided incredible detail on each of the dishes we ordered, answering questions about what would be appropriate for the taste buds of vegetarians, vegans and meat eaters. All of his recommendations were on target after determining how we felt about different spices and flavors. Lovely ambiance and our party of five was able to eat without feeling rushed and to actually enjoy our meal.Service was excellent, Joseph kept us in water and checked in on us throughout our meal.As far as the food, I tasted the following from what we ordered Kashk-e Bademjan which was excellent. Aash-e Reshteh (a soup) was served lukewarm, which was the only drawback to the meal. We had a vegetable kabob and also Bademjan (veggie version).Desserts were Baghlava, Choclava, and Bastani. All were delightful.The place is small, so for groups 4 or more, I would definitely recommend calling ahead for a reservation on busy going-out nights. That said, for larger groups up to 8, it would be a nice spot to enjoy the company of friends.
Terrific food and very friendly service. I walked in off the street on Friday night with a couple of friends, and we had a standout dinner. It was our first time having Persian food, and our waiter's suggestions made for a fabulous meal.We started with the sabzir panir--the fresh herbs and goat cheese, served with paper-thin squares of lavash bread were the perfect appetizer. Then we shared: chicken stewed with a walnut-and-pomegranate sauce that had a lovely sweet-sour flavor; a rice pilaf dish with chicken and spiced gravy dotted with tiny, tart barberries; and a platter of mixed kebabs, all juicy and perfectly seasoned. The rose petal and mint teas served with saffron-flavored rock candy were the perfect accompaniment to the food. Wonderful dinner, wonderful experience. I can't wait to go back and sample some of the other intriguing-sounding dishes on the menu!
Great neighborhood restaurant that offers delicious food and gracious service.Our party of four did not have a reservation but we were seated immediately. The only open table to accommodate us was the table closest to the door. The hostess explained that several parties were nearing the end of their meals and she would re-seat us when a table became available. It's attentiveness like this that certainly impresses me.The waiter was very gregarious and knowledgeable. He went over options, what would be appropriate for vegetarians, what may be uniquely Persian, etc. We started with the kashk-e bademjan (roasted eggplant with garlic & mint) and the kookoo sabzi (herb quiche). None of us are fluent in Persian cooking nor do we pretend to be. The staff was excellent at explaining dishes to us. The appetizers were quite delicious and fresh tasting. For main dishes, the boyfriend had the bademjan (roasted eggplant & mushrooms in a tomato sauce) while I ordered the zereshk polow (spiced rice with barberries, golden raisins, & onions). Both dishes are on the menu but the waiter explained that both dishes could be made vegetarian style. Delicious (and I'm not an eggplant fan). The others in the party enjoyed the ground beef & lamb kabobs which looked and smelled delicious.All in all a very pleasant evening and a great place to enjoy some wonderful food.
I finally returned to Lavash after it had swapped spots with L'avenida next door, so that it now has the larger seating area. I have to agree that the owners and staff are incredibly friendly and very attentive. The chicken joujeh continues to be amazing. This time around though, I got the bademjan. The name is fun to say, and the eggplant component was really tasty. Stop by and warm up while you're in the InSet!
It was my mom's birthday on the 2nd this month, and for the first time in 5 years I am finally able to celebrate with her. I asked her about where she wanted to go for dinner since it is her birthday after all. She was browsing around a Japanese website that featured popular restaurants weekly around the Bay Area. She found this one then told me to look up on Yelp. Lo' and behold this was the winner. We made a 7pm reservation on Saturday. Yes, a Saturday, perhaps one of the worst things to do on a weekend that the Giants were playing and you figure the bars would be packed full of orange people. So, my family and I made ample time to leave the house to make sure we have enough leeway to stress about finding the rare and elusive parking space. We left 45 minutes before and I decided to drive because my dad isn't so good with finding parking, let alone, driving the dang car (dad's reaction time is getting slower... uh oh). Annnnnnnd ......... We found a spot! BAM half a block away on Irving. Damn that was a good start to the evening, aaaaand it was 6:30pm. We walked into Lavash and asked if it was okay if we were there early. Luckily the place was pretty much empty but we didn't realize how small it was. We were kindly seated in the back corner next to the window. I pointed out that it's nice to be in a restaurant that is quiet enough to enjoy company. Then my mom pointed out the German restaurant my sister had recommended years ago (suppenkuche i believe) that left your ears ringing upon leaving the place. Anyway, we studied the menu to see what sounded very appealing for our palates. Mom wanted to start off the course with the Sabzi Panir (fresh herbs, feta cheese, walnuts & grapes served with lavash bread), and picked out the Lavash special for her and I to share. My pops ordered the Fesenjan (chicken & ground walnut cooked in sweet-sour pomegranate sauce) and our long-time family friend ordered the Ghorme Sabzi (lean beef stew with finely chopped fresh herbs & kidney beans. Along with our meal Mom considered ordering the yogurt soda but was advised by our waitress that it's not sweet, just tart. My mom said in her slight accent, "oh! nevermind...uhhhh... I'll have pomegranate juice." I ordered their Persian tea, and my pops and our family friend ordered the usually Coke (it's tradition.. nothing will break that, nothing.) The Sabzi Panir came and it was devoured within... oh, about 10 minutes. The lavash tasted so fresh and light with the combination of the herbs, walnuts, and feta. This was definitely one of the most healthiest appetizers you could ever order. No fried nonsense. Everyone loved it. The feta was chilled when it dissolved into your mouth and there wasn't that strong feta taste, it was subtle especially when combined with the grape and herbs. And this appetizer didn't make you feel full after eating, it was just right. I sipped my Persian tea in between combining different ways of putting the different ingredients on my palm size lavash bread. The tea felt so calming to the senses that I didn't need the sugar cubes that came with it. I can say I fell in love with that tea; black tea with a hint of cinnamon and other spices. Loved it. I want more now...Anyway, out comes the basmati rice with saffron sauce lightly drizzled on square plates for all of us (which was addicting considering I rarely eat rice nowadays). Then the entrees. I wish I had my camera on me but it was so dimly let yet they kept messing with the lighting I wouldn't have been able to take pictures anyway. Boo. The Lavash Special had basically a piece or two of every kabob entree they had. Everything on there was tasteful and savory. My mom loved it too. My dad is a closed book when it comes to trying new things (before coming here he had mentioned of going to Outback.... but it's my mom's birthday so she should choose ANNND I DID NOT WANT TO GO TO A CHAIN RESTAURANT). Surprisingly, my dad liked the unique dish and pretty much ate all of it. Thank you, Lavash! My dad actually ate the whole thing. Our family friend liked his dish and almost always leaves his dish half eaten because he's a tiny dude that has a small appetite. My mom was happy about the meal, and we didn't finish our plates so we were able to take some leftovers home. Oh! and there are some beverages on the menu that have one free refill, so, of course, i got a refill on the tea :D. Thank you, Lavash for the wonderful birthday dinner for my mom. She left happy, as did the rest of us. Now, just don't get too picky about the lighting, you'll hear a lot of "what am I eating??" from the older folks that can't see all too well in dim lighting. :)
It's actually 3.5 stars but the price is making me round down D:I've been wanting to come here FOREVER cause my friends always talk about it and they have really good yelp reviews! A group of girls and I decided to come for a "galentines" celebration. The decor of the place is really nice and actually quite romantic if you're looking for a place to take your date ;) They give you their signature lavash bread with some feta cheese and herbs as a free appetizer, which I thought was really nice. I ordered their Koobideh, which everyone seems to be raving about. It was a bit salty for my taste and the sausage/kebab things were the only flavorful things on the plate. I wish they gave some vegetables besides the quarter of the tomato to make it more healthy and flavorful. (But maybe I just don't understand Persian food) The portions are on the large side so if you don't eat a lot, I suggest sharing. However, I thought the prices were way too expensive for what I got out of it. Service was good though. I felt like our waitress was very motherly haha.
Lavash is a perfect place for a lunch during the weekend with a group of 2-4 people.  After checking out the Maya Lin exhibit at the De Young Museum, we walked over to Lavash on a friend's recommendation. It was a cold rainy day. Having lived on both coasts, I've got to give a translation for cold rainy day to set the atmosphere before describing the delicious soup at Lavash. West Coast Translation: It was in the high 50's and raining, so it was necessary to bring an umbrella and winter coat. East Coast: It was in the high 50's and raining, so it was warm enough to wear a t-shirt but just cold enough to think twice about starting up the Slip-N-Slide.With that being said, my whole five star rating is all about the soup on today's cold rainy day. My chicken kebab plate was also delicious but the star dish was the Persian chicken noodle soup. This version of chicken noodle soup was what other variations of chicken noodle soup thrive to be but hardly ever accomplish. I've had various ethnic variations of chicken noodle soup but usually I have the same complaint that the soup was mostly broth and underutilized the spices and ingredients that tend to make other unique ethnic dishes delicious. This soup was one of the best restaurant soups I have had in some time. The broth was mixed with an abundance of delicious Persian spices and beans. It was everything I could have hoped for from an ethnic variation of the standard chicken noodle soup. On a cold rainy day, it was the perfect soup.
3.5 starsSabzi Salad: a little untraditional, but good. Fresh herbs, goat cheese, cucumbers. tomato and lavash. We had to ask for butter.Maast-o Khiar (Yogurt/Cucumber Dip): Refreshing, Greek yogurt with seasoning and cucumbers Broiled Lamb Chops: four succulent pieces, served atop fluffy basmati rice, over a large piece of lavash, roasted tomatoes and sliced raw onions. Nicely spiced and very tender, I enjoyed eating these more than the BF's JoojehJoojeh: chicken breast meat seasoned and grilled. The chicken breast was dry, and not as flavorful as the Joojeh the BF once made for me in his backyard, but I digress. Faloodeh: Persian ice cream dessert with rice noodles, rose water, ice and cream mixed together with simple syrup. It was a nice ending to a warm afternoonNice decor, very comfortable and warm although our corner table was a little awkward, but nice overall. Bring a nice bottle of wine for their wine list is pretty much non-existent and with horrible choices to accompany the high quality meats they use. My secret weapon when ordering? A half Persian man, of course!
I was part of a 18 person group (yeah we called ahead) and definitely felt as if things went smooothly!Lavash is pretty small in size but oh boy do they make up for it in every other way. We ate and ate and ate some more plus great service.The staff communicated clearly without making us feel rushed, that there was a party coming in after us. I'm not from the area and though I'm (obviously) a fan of trying new places, I am quite sure I will be back!
We liked Lavash alot. The flavors were really good. We order the lavash special for 2. The lamb chops and ground beef stick were excellent but the chicken was a bit dry. My sis had the Barg and that was really flavorful as well. My daughter ordered the joojeh? Chicken dish but she said that was a bit dry also. We would come back here but wouldn't order the chicken.
Been here several times and this place has excellent food and the atmosphere is very warm and comfortable. The place is family run and manages to keep that feeling. I recommend the barg and koubideh kabobs, the fesenjan, and the bademjam. Prices are reasonable for the quality. My inner-Persian rejoices whenever I come here.
love this place!
Awesome. Had the saffron chicken and Persian tea. Small, but comfortable.
The food was good, not great. The service and the space were very good. I had the green salad and one dolma to start, the koobideh (lamb and pork skewer) for my main, and the rose tea for dessert. The prices were very reasonable.
Not bad! I ordered the Koobideh plate to go and everything was perfect and ready by the time I arrived to pick up my food! The staff was very nice and accommodating. My food was good, I just wish it came with a lot more rice than lavash. Otherwise, this place is a great place to go to satisfy your Persian food and kabab cravings.
A jaw-dropping experience! Upon my last visit to San Francisco (I go every couple months to visit my sister in Inner Sunset) we were both in the mood for some Persian food. She had come to Lavash a few weeks earlier with a friend due to a recommendation and came out a believer! I am used to hole-in-the-wall type Persian restaurants so I was surprised to see that we were entering an elegant yet cozy place. The host and waiters were personable from the moment we set foot into Lavash. And the pastries up front were already making my mouth water! Originally we were supposed to be seated in a booth but when I spotted a lovely table by the window next to the fireplace the owner noticed my desire to sit there and we got the green light. I think it is because those tables are usually reserved for other people. (By the way, the owner look like Penelope Cruz...and so sweet!)For starters, their water had a hint of cucumber which I am a fan of. We also ordered baba ghanoush as an app. I highly recommend it because it was not like others I have tasted! If they don't treat you to a feta and veggie plate please try that too. Yummy indeed!My sister ordered the beef kabobs and I chose the prawn kabob. The meals were massive and gorgeous to boot! Aside from the main protein dish their rice is to die for - fluffy and flavorful! House cabernet was also a tasty addition to the meal. For dessert we opted for the chocolate baklava! Lordy, I am not a fan of chocolate in my pastries (I know, I know) but I am glad we got that. And to top off the meal we ordered Turkish coffee - A-MAZ-ING!Waiter and host were super attentive throughout the evening. We even got to meet the chef and thanked him for the wonderful meal. He was super sweet saying, "Thank you so much! That is the best compliment! You don't even have to tip the waiter because that was worth every penny." Too funny!So if you are ever in Inner Sunset definitely stop by Lavash especially at dinner. The ambiance it lovely and the food/service were delectable!
An awesome persian restaurant. They make one of the best kabobs in all of Bay area. A very small place with around 15 tables and great ambience. The starter plate is fresh with cheese, herbs and bread. The Salmon and Chicken kabob we had were perfectly done. Also the vegetable skewer was one of the best. Not that you would expect, but they also have the best Tiramisu ever. Don't miss this one!
Pleased with everything here - food, ambiance, service - all excellent.
I love their rice!! Its so light and flavorful! i usually don't eat rice but this place allows me to clean every little piece off. The chicken was great and tender and the appetizers are fresh and full of flavor.
I went to Lavash for a birthday dinner with four of my friends. The birthday boy was drooling over the Persian menu and gave us all tips on what to get. I had the Fesenjan, which was absolutely wonderful, and my friends devoured various Kabobs. Overall the food is top notch,We ordered one bottle of the house CabSav, which quickly ran out, and ordered a second from our waiter. Unfortunately, I was too busy enjoying my food to notice what was being poured. Once the check came, I realized that the waiter had poured us a different (and more expensive) bottle of wine the second time. I pointed out the error to someone at the host stand who quickly changed the charge to the amount of the house wine. (Thank you to them).
This is one of the best places amid the plethora of Inner Sunset offerings - it is family-run, adorably cozy, perfect for a date night, and (most importantly) DELICIOUS. There's a combo dessert that's rose shaved ice and puffed rice, and rose gelato that is just heaven. I've taken tons of people here, friends, family, and everyone's loved it. The owners are super nice too.
The kabobs are awesome!
I took my family here for dinner tonight because of all the great reviews I've read. And yes, my dear Yelpers, this place definitely lives up to the hype! It was really chilly outside tonight, but as soon as we entered the restaurant, I felt myself warming up to the colors, lights, and liveliness of the atmosphere. The owner greeted us warmly and sat the 4 of us at a corner table. We didn't get our menus right away, but once the waitress realized it, she apologized and tended to us right away. Since it was our first time here, the waitress patiently went over the menu with us and explained things in careful detail. I've never had Persian food before, so this was all new to me. At her recommendation (or I should say, insistence), we started with the kashk-e badmejan (don't you love dishes that are as fun to say as they are to eat?). It's an eggplant dip with roasted garlic and topped with saffron, and it was FANTASTIC way to start off! We even got a plate of cheeses, tomato, and cucumber to go with the dip - on the house! For the main course, we ordered the Lavash Special, which basically gave us a sample of most of the kabobs (it's meant for 2 people, but we all shared). This dish included the shishlik (lamp chops), joojeh (chicken) and koodibeh (beef + lamb). The koodibeh was to die for! Tender, juicy meat that explodes with flavor - it was probably my favorite thing on the plate. The lamb one was really tasty as well, cooked to the right tenderness. The chicken, however, was a bit tough for me and quite over-salted, so I did not care for that one as much. Won't order that again. We also ordered the bademjan - the lean beef stew with roasted eggplant and grapes cooked in a tomato sauce. You'd think this would be the same deal as the appetizer, but in fact the texture is quite different. You can actually taste good chunks of the eggplant, and the beef was tenderized to the point where it just melts in your mouth. Top this over rice, and you've got a winning combo. For drinks, I recommend the Mint Tea. It comes with a rock candy stick that you can dip into the tea for sweetening. I was expecting some sort of in-your-face kind of taste, but the mint flavor was surprisingly subtle and works well with the sweetness. Definitely warmed me up on a cold night. Now, I don't claim myself to be a Persian food expert, but what I do know was that I had a fantastic experience here. The service was so attentive and the food was definitely worth going back for seconds. It's a very cozy place meant to seat small parties, so it's ideal for a romantic date or a get-together with a couple of close friends or family members. If you're in the area, give it a try!
Lavash has been an excellent dining experience everytime. The shish kabobs are amazing and the atmosphere is very comfortable. Best persian restaurant in SF
Ok, the owners & staff are so so so nice! I really enjoyed the atmosphere... The food was presented wonderfully, and may I add the little bathroom was nicely decorated and clean! I'm looking forward to going back to Lavash and trying their other dishes.
I recently had my Persian cherry popped by Lavash. Like Amy Whinhouse to crack, I am addicted and want more. We came here to celebrate one of my friend's birthday. Being the great planners that we are, we encountered a full house with a party of 10, reservations for 6 and 15 minutes late.  Nonetheless we were graciously greeted and promptly seated.Time to get down to business-Koobideh (Ground beef and Lamb Skewer) - Chef and Jordan recommended. The flavorful mixtures of spices complimented nicely with the slight gaminess of the lamb. The skewer was served with raw onions, grilled tomato and basmati rice. The rice was flavored with hints of saffron and was cooked to a perfect fluffy consistency. Bademjan (Beef Stew with eggplant) - This was my favorite stew. The rich, deep flavors of the tomato base stew, which can only be developed after hours on the stove, was comforting on a cold night in the Sunset. Floating in the sea of goodness are buoys of tender beef seasoned with cinnamon that adds a welcomed punctuation to the dish. The basmati rice served with the stew was perfect to soak up the soupy goodness.Joojeh (Chicken Skewer) -A great alterative for the more health conscious patron. The chicken was grilled to perfection, evident by the succulent chicken breast.  Well seasoned, yet not overpowering the dish was simple and tasty.Ghorme Sabiz (Kidney Bean and Beef)- My least favorite dish. The dish had a bitter taste and a smell that reminds me of Chinese medicine. Bleh.I sat at the end of the table and wasn't able to sample (scavenge) from other people's plate.Service - It was 10pm and we were the last table in the restaurant. We never felt pressured to leave. The two waitresses, I am assuming the owners, were friendly and even began small talk with us.  My water, my bench mark for service, was filled promptly. Conclusion:Lavish is a welcome gem in an area mostly dominated by Asian cuisine.  With outstanding service, solid food, reasonable prices, and a welcoming atmosphere this will be added to my list of standby restaurants.
Would be a solid 4.5 star overall.  Food was very good and reasonable, and some of the most interesting Mediterranean we have had. Familiar, but with more interesting spices. Staff (which seemed to be all family) was great - and I love that the place is family owned and run, that gave it some points in our book.  Smaller, decent ambiance, but not a scene at all. More of a very nice neighborhood place. We live across the city but would come back for sure.
Not that this place needs another great review, but I feel it was well deserved. The FOOD, service, and ambiance all deserve 5 big stars!Fantastic!
My first Iranian food experience. My favorite dish of the night was the first, kashk-e bademjan (eggplant dip). I could've had bowls of the stuff. Lavash special (for two) was good. My bf's favorite was the koobideh (ground beef and lamb), but I also enjoyed the joojeh (chicken). Both were very well seasoned. Shishlik (lamb chops) was a little dry however. Though I have nothing to compare it to, I thought the baghlava was pretty good too.
Everytime I walk in the hostess asks "do you have reservation?". This makes me feel like I don't belong even though the place may have lots of room.I have come here twice within 2 weeks and stuck in the same corner with the tiniest table even though there was other seating. Stick to what is safe or you may not like your food. The bastani rose gelato was amazing! The pomegranate juice is well sized and the mint and rose teas were delicious. The teas did not come with the rock candy as advertised on the menu. The complimentary bread, veggies, and cheese are filling and you don't need to order the appetizers unless you're really hungry. We tried the quiche which was not a quiche at all but grape leaves with a rice mixture stuffed inside. I don't recommend it unless you like this type of flavor. My husband did not like his walnut pomegranate chicken. The flavor was densely pomegranate soup and a few pieces of chicken. The chicken was great but the sauce was too strong. I had the vegetarian version of the rice, lentil, date, raisins, and bell peppers. These flavors somehow mixed well but I preferred the vegetarian kabob. The plate portions are quite filling and the servers were pleasant. Though I would have liked for the to stop by more because we needed some water after all that pomegranate. When the waitress brought us our check she sat with a group of friends to have wine and someone else took our check.
I pretty much gave up hope that I'd find a good Persian restaurant in SF...that is until I tried Lavash. One word...DELICI-FREAKING-OSO!The Barg and the Koobideh are fantastic!Will definitely be going back many, many times!
YUMMY! We had the Makhloot, and it was so much yummier than just about any other dessert I've had recently, my mouth is still watering. The rose tea was also very refreshing. I loved the plate of veggies and feta at the beginning, and the rest of our food came out in perfect time. Service was very friendly and knowledgable. We especially appreciated that our table (with reservation) was ready and waiting for us upon our on-time arrival (they did call 5 mins earlier to confirm we were coming).
Bad business, bad people. This place was nice a year ago, but now things have changed. The food does not taste fresh, the service is horrible. I went there a week ago and was exposed to a horrible treatment. The dining room was practically empty, yet the waitress insisted that we sat at a very uncomfortable corner table because she needed to keep better tables available in case a larger crowd would come in. Another waitress was kind enough to move us to a nice table, but the first one came back to harass us and threaten that in case a larger crowd comes in, she would ask us out. This is unbelievable! I paid $70 for a lunch for two and all we ordered was two dishes and one glass of wine. The place has become overpriced, and the service is simply bad.
We came here with friends of ours.. Who LOVE this place... So I was expecting really really GOOD food... and I LOVED everything about this place. The owner greeted our friends and welcomed us :)I normally have leftovers, but NOT this time. I ate everything on my plate. Even had room for CHOCLAVA!! WOW!!! My hubby and I are definetly going back!
Really great food, I had the chicken, my friends had the salmon and lamb. We all really enjoyed our main dishes. We tried the eggplant appetizer. Its texture was a little off. The flavor was unique, worth trying but would not order again. I had a cup of the lentil soup it was really good. The service was ok, had to ask for water which is kind of a bummer. Everyone was really nice though. Desert was really cool. I had saffron, rosewater and pistachio ice cream. It was awesome, interesting flavors, tasty, different and just plain good. It was quite a bit of ice cream and I couldnt finish it all, it would be good to share. Nice ambiance. Friendly staff with OK service. Really great entrees, good soup, so so appetizer, and a remarkably unique desert. Overall great. added bonus: lemon basil.
I was in town for the weekend and mentioned to my daughter that I would like to have Persian food. She immediately made reservations at Lavash, they did not disappoint. Food was fresh and seasoned perfectly. The rose tea was very refreshing and the koobideh was the best. The wine list was just right and reasonably priced. When in San Francisco, I will make it my business to dine there again....
My first time here and had dinner w/friends and family and we had a great time. Great food and great atmosphere. Highly recommend it!!
I wish I could rate 4.5 stars but don't want to do it a disservice by picking 4. My boyfriend and I ate at Lavash last night for the first time and our only regret was that we hadn't discovered this gem sooner! Seems to be a family run place which is great on the friendliness, but a teeny bit (not bad) slow on service. Very cozy and attractive decor. It was a cold night and I was almost too warm near the fire - that's a rare dining experience in SF!Excellent food with interesting flavors even if you are a Persian food connoisseur. Respectable very reasonably priced (though not extensive) wine list. We shared 2 bottles of wine - don't judge! - took 2 boxes of leftovers home with us, tipped well, and walked out for just under $100. I can't think of another place in SF where the quality/experience-to-price ratio is so attractive.
If you want a great Kebab at a great price at a great family owned place, this is the spot. There are a few other Persian restaurants in the city you can choose from, but not only are they more expensive, they're really stuffy inside like they only cater to royalty. I love the Koobideh over rice with tomatoes. The meat is all organic and grass-fed and the owner gets his herbs and vegetables from the local farmers market. And don't forget to order yourself a glass of Shiraz---which also happens to be a city in southern Iran where the grape originated from (my hometown!).
Treated to our wedding anniversary here....what a wonderful choice. We were surprised with a bottle of champagne waiting on the table for us. Four of us ordered different items so we could share and everything was wonderful. We started with the Lavash salad, Dolma and the eggplant appetizer. All tasty. We tried the prawns, lamb, beef and chicken...All so very good. We ended our meal with Turkish coffee (my new favorite coffee) and the Sweet Special, which is pistachio flavored ice cream with chocolate almond brittle....Delicious. We will definitely return.
I'm not going to pretend to be an expert on Persian food, since the most Persian culture I've been exposed to was playing Prince of Persia on the computer. However, my experience at Lavash was great!The decor was warm and inviting. The place was busy, but they were able to seat us after a little wait. The service was EXTREMELY friendly.When we sat down, we were given a free appetizer. The thin bread was soft. The tomatoes, cucumber, feta cheese, mint, and cilantro were ALL fresh and delicious. Not the most complex appetizer...but it was good.The basmati rice cooked perfectly, drizzled in butter, and had a hint of coconut. The lamb chop was more well done than I'm used to, but it was still moist and flavorful. The chicken kebob was well seasoned, had a light lemon flavor, and was very tender. The meat kebob was a combination of beef and lamb. The flavors were perfect and the meat was juicy. It may have been a tad undercooked since it was a little mushy in some areas, but overall it was very tasty. The grilled veggies were fresh and grilled to perfection. The food and the smiles made my Persian experience great! If this is authentic at all, I will be sure to learn more about the culture.and NO...I will NOT watch any movie that tries to pass Jake Gyllenhaal off as a Persian.
This place makes me wish I'd been born Persian. My favorites are the koobideh and lamp chops.
This I might say is possibly the best restaurant in San Francisco.My parents cook Persian food at home and this is very authentic, well presented and just divine.I agree that the users that give low review complain for trivial reasons. Yes space is tight, but it has a feel of Paris or old Tehran. There tea is to die for and baklava too!
There is not enough stars in the sky to rate this place. The most amazing Iranian food I've had!The atmosphere is very cozy, pretty, and clean. The place seems to be family-owned and the matriarch was your typical Persian mother -- attentive, sweet, very concerned for our comfort.The food!!! the absolute best was the kashk-e bademjan appetizer (roasted eggplant dip) -- warm and delicious. For the main course, the lamb chops were truly the best I've ever had. Seriously! The other meats were great too and the koobideh kabob was particularly delicious. I think it's pretty fair to judge a Persian restaurant by its koobideh because every place has it and it's often not terribly "exciting," just a satisfying staple -- but here, the best koobideh of my life! Very tasty, well-spiced, tender. Unbelievable. And of course, the Persian rice was spot-on and the touch of grilled tomatoes and onions gave each meal the perfect finishing touch.We came here for lunch, though by the prices, I would say it's probably more fitting for dinner -- unless you want to splurge. About $12-$19 per main course. No wait at all during lunch. Don't know how it would be in the evenings.Yum, getting hungry just thinking about it!
super cute date place.food was great, service was excellent, ambiance cozy.i don't recommend sitting next to the fireplace tho - it gets too hot!!
Coming from a Persian, this place is good. It's small, so make a reservation. Other than that, enjoy the food!
Back to Lavash after trying other persian restaurants in the bay area. Lavash is really the best one. Diner in a romantic ambiance with the most spetacular combination of flavors in a perfect balance. This time we had the bandemjan appetizer and headed to the kobidee and finished with the rose ice cream. I'm writting this review while full, but my mouth still waters when I remember how amazing it was.
I hesitate to give any restaurant 5 stars, especially one that doesn't have the trappings of a high end restaurant, but based on a quality-value test, I think this one deserves it. I think we must all be Persian, because their food and service satisfies that most primal desire to feel comforted and satisfied. My main course was the Adas Polo, an amazingly delicious mixture of basmati rice, lentils, pitted dates, raisins, sweet onions, orange peel, cinnamon, chicken, and saffron. The chicken was melt in your mouth tender and the blend of sweet and smoky flavors was out of this world good. My wife had the Shishlik (lamp chops) and my son had the Koobideh (large skewers of ground lamb & beef) both served with rice and some grilled veggies above large rectangles of lavash bread , which is my new favorite bread. We also had a vegetable skewer side. All were excellent. Even my son said the food was quite good, which is rare praise indeed.Before the main course we had Sabsi Paneer, which is a plate of grapes, walnuts, herbs, feta cheese, cucumbers, tomatoes, and lavash bread (practically a meal in itself) , but it wasn't really necessary, because they bring a mini-version of it (minus walnuts) to every table at no charge. Wow! We had so much food we took 2 boxes of it back home with us. But it was the quality of the dishes at very reasonable prices that really amazed me. Their food got the care one would expect from the likes of Chez Panisse. The desert was also a treat. My son wanted the Makhloot, which is combination of two deserts - a rose water-saffron-pistachio gelato and a rose water noodle frost sorbet (which our server said she called 'white worms' when she was a child). The house wines were quite good for the price and the service was as friendly as it gets. And the restaurant is nicely decorated with the feel of a country home. I just hope Michael Bauer doesn't get wind of this place or reservations may become impossible to get.
Nice family owned restaurant. The younger generation served the table. We order quite a few Kabobs to try and some lamb chops. Bademjan - a beef and eggplant stew was also ordered. They were good, not great, but tasty enough. I always had a thing with middle-eastern rice; long-grain, firm and not sticky - yum. What was great for us was the Kashk-e Bademjan - "a seasoned roasted eggplant topped with roasted garlic, mint fakes & saffron." The saffron part was just interesting, so we had to try it. To our amazement, it turned out to be brilliant. I actually thought there was meat in it, but they assure me it does not. We did ask them how it was prepared, they said that it was a family secret and even the younger generation doesn't know about it yet. I even ordered an extra order to take home. It was quite empty when we started at about 6pm, but by the time we left there was a wait outside.
What a delightful place! Although the decor looks more Tuscan than Persian, is is nice and homey. We were quickly seated and served by the waitress, who checked in on us regularly throughout the meal (perhaps because we were the only guests in the restaurant...). The only other people appeared to be the owner's family, who were relaxing in the corner and chatting over cups of tea.We had the Kookoo Sabzi as an appetizer, and it came with a yogurt based dipping sauce, and a plate of lavash bread, cucumber, tomatoes, cheese and basil leaves. For the main course my husband had the shrimp kabab and I had the veggie kabab. Both were served identically - with basil leaves and a bed of rice on lavash bread - and both were delicious. Everything was light and perfectly spiced and flavored. The grilling on the kababs was just right. We washed down the dinner with cups of Persian tea and the choclava. We found the choclava too sweet, but it went down well enough with the tea. So everything was wonderful and I would definitely recommend it to other people, but sadly, I will not be going back there again. I am a vegetarian, and once I've eaten the one veggie entree on a restaurant menu, I never see the point in going back there again.
This restaurant is amazing. The owners and other staff members are beyond nice and welcoming. For my appetizer, I tried the Aash-e Reshtesh which is a noodle soup that is minty and lentil. I also tried the Doogh yogurt soda drink, which tastes like condensed milk and soda. It's a much acquire taste, which the owner was very kind to warn us of. We wanted to order 2, but she recommended us ordering 1 first and trying it to share...we stuck with the one. For my main entree I tried the Koobideh, which is a combination beef and lamb dish. For dessert I had the baghlava, which is sweet, fluffy, and wonderful. Everything is very flavorful and delicious!The prices are very affordable and they can accommodate large parties. When we left, the owner gave all the girls roses. It was a great birthday celebration and I will definitely go again. I have no complaints about this restaurant.
I've been here twice so far, once with my parents and once with a group of friends. Even though the place is tiny, it's definitely possible to have a decent sized group there (we had 10 people), as long as you phone ahead. The staff is attentive and super friendly. The atmosphere is warm and cozy.The food is amazing. I've grown up eating Persian food and I've eaten at many Persian restaurants, but this restaurant was by far my favorite, even when comparing to some of the big guns in Westwood. That being said, nothing beats a home cooked Iranian meal. Prices are less than what I would expect for the quality of the food. Plus this is an actual Persian restaurant, not middle eastern, which is a rare find in this city. I will return soon and try the persian gelato...
I have one word; CHOC-LAVAH!!! Wow. Even if you're stuffed, which you will be, get a piece to go. No, no. Get TWO pieces to go. You'll thank me. The restaurant is small but very well appointed. I had to laugh a little when I read Bianca's review saying that the restaurant used to be smaller. I made reservations for 6 pm on a Saturday. Couldn't find a place to park so we got there 15 minutes late and we were seated right away. Our table for 2 was really small and I'm a big guy. The staff did a great job of juggling our dishes and glasses onto and off of the table. We ordered wine and an eggplant appetizer which came with lavash. The eggplant was served with fresh herbs, dry cheese, cucumbers and fresh tomatoes. So fresh and full of flavor. The only reason that Lavash is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is that their lavash is weak at best. There are many middle eastern bakeries in the Bay Area that make great lavash. This lavash was thin and didn't really have any flavor. We ordered the Lavash Special for two which came with two lamb chops, one chicken kebab, one ground meat kebab (lamb and beef ground together) and one vegetable kebab. I was worried that it wasn't going to be enough food. Silly me. The meat was perfectly cooked and SO DAMN TASTY!!! The chicken kebab was breast and thigh meat. Some of the chicken breast meat was a little dry. The whole thing was beautifully presented on a platter lined with the afore mentioned lavash. After it got soaked in the meat and vegetable juices it got pretty tasty. The special came with rice garnished with some sort of saffron sauce. The whole thing was great. The service was great. There were two servers sharing the floor. They were so friendly and accommodating. Wonderful hospitality. We waddled out of there, Choc-lavah in hand, very satisfied for $60. That included 3 glasses of wine. I can't wait to go back. Next time I get to the city I WILL STOP IN AND EAT 2 PIECES OF CHOC-LAVAH!!!
deliciously fantastic:) I especially love their joojeh kabab :)
It's not all together surprising to see so many strong reviews for this place but I suppose if there were demographics listed alongside these reviews, a precious small percentage of them would turn up to be Iranian or people who have had the good fortune of having terrific Persian food.I was very disappointed in this restaurant's food despite being very eager to try it out, finally.They recently expanded and moved next door to accomodate more 'sit down' areas which was definitely a good idea as it was previously set up really only for take out....FYI, Persian food is best when eaten warm and right off the grill so kudos to them for expanding their place.Unfortunately, they're limited by a very disappointing cook who clearly has no idea how to prepare Persian food.First sign of an authentic Persian restaurant and how much they aspire to quality cuisine is the nature of their rice...And not only if they are using high quality long grain Basmati rice but if it is cooked well...What distinguishes Persian rice from any other in the world, IMHO, is the amazing aroma and fluffiness of it...The rice here is very marginal and even Maykadeh produced more authentic rice.The main dishes...If rice is #1 in terms of signs of a great Persian restaurant, the kabobs are 1A....And, this is a 'bread & butter' for a Persian restaurant that wants to survive past the initial curiosity phase with a restaurant in an otherwise quality depraved area for restaurants in the Inner Sunset of SF...And the kabobs here really were quite terrible.Barg or the filet/sirloin kabob is probably to Iranians what the hamburger is to Americans, it's a quintessential staple and barometer for good cooking...But even an Iranian at home could whip up Barg that would dwarf the ones done so poorly at Lavash...Not even touting the virtues of having Niman Ranch meat saved an over grilled and poorly tenderized skewer of kabob...It didn't taste like the typical kind of barg, it was dry and clearly overcooked...And the portions of the barg pieces were miniscule in comparison to how they are typically cooked and probably explains to some degree how easily it dried out and got overcooked....Incredibly disappointing.The chicken kabobs were similarly disappointing although slightly better than the barg...Still overcooked, still poorly seasoned (Tasted as if it had simply been basted in seasoning rather than actually properly marinated).The prawns kabob is not a typical Iranian fare but 3 small prawns in a Prawns kabob dish for $9.95?....Ridiculous...And, yes, overcooked & dried out as well.Is it all terrible?...I can only say that the grilled vegetables were pretty good but that hardly accounts for much in the bigger picture here...The main elements to a successful Persian restaurant, their rice & kabobs, were atrocious.Disappointing too because the family establishment is run by a seemingly sweet family and the Inner Sunset area is in dire need of an improvement in the local fare...Unfortunately, this has to be the worst example of Persian food in the city...If you are skeptical, all it would take is a sampling of either Leila's (Crocker Gallery), Alborz or Maykadeh (North Beach) to get just an idea of what proper Persian food actually tastes like...And they're not even the cream of the crop for the Bay Area...South Bay has some fantastic places for Persian food.I was excited to see some Persian good come into the area but the owners of this establishment have to put in a new cook and re-do their preparations if they intend to survive...Always a good barometer for how good an ethnic cuisine is, is to check out just how many Middle Eastern people are actually eating there...I suspect within a month or so, you won't find one there.Reaaaally disappointing
Had a great dinner at Lavash tonight where we had the taste of Persia which comes with a chicken, a lamb/beef, and a filet kabab, all of which were really excellent. I'd be hard pressed to pick a favorite, but I think I could say that the lamb/beef combo and the chicken were better by just a bit as compared to the filet. We also had the yorgert and cucumber salad plus an absolutely delicious apatizer that I can't remember the name of (it was the only one without feta) that I would eat again in a second. Overall, we'll definitely be back especially given the location and friendly service.
Sooooooo good. It must be if I just got back home and HAD to add to their already stellar collection of reviews (#1 reason for going there in the first place). I had the salmon (Mahi kabob) and bf had the chicken. Both were flavored excellently - the portions appear big, but they're actually just the right amount of food since most of it is rice. Surprisingly, had room for choclava (!) for dessert - I think I may prefer normal baklava, but it was tasty anyhow. A little bit expensive to be a normal "take out" place, considering all the other cheapish options in the neighborhood, but we'll definitely be back for a sit-down dinner or with guests. The staff is super friendly as everyone says. Yumm...!
Lavash makes a chicken kebab that melts in your mouth. The eggplant appetizer is to die for and the ambiance is so cozy, especially on a cold San Francisco night (there 365 of those) when the fire is lit in the back of the restaurant.
Best Persian food in SF! and yes, i'm picky and Persia...
My goodness! This is a great restaurant. Everything I've ordered from here has been absolutely delicious. They really know what they're doing. The staff is always nice and courteous. The servers are prompt. The food is warm, fresh, and tasty. I don't have a single complaint about the food or the service. I highly recommend this place for anyone who wants to taste the best Persian food in SF.
delicious place! very good food, very small yet nice atmosphere! Prices are fantastic for the quality of food. Somewhat easy to find parking. Great service! Overall for the price this is unbeatable if you are looking for Persian food.
Food was fresh and good, but the service was spacey (and flaky). The restaurant is TINY (intimate) but cute. The rice dish with dates (can't remember what it's called) was really really good. Recommended.
:) Amazing every time!
Mmmm..okay, so I've only had Mediterranean food once and I don't remember what it tasted like. But a couple of days ago, my friend told me that we should try this place for a quick and good lunch before our dance rehearsal. I was definitely a fan right when I stepped into the place. The area was really cute and gave off a comfortable vibe. I ordered the mahi kabob because I read a review that highly recommended it, and I wasn't disappointed. When the plates came, my friend and I just kinda stared down at them because they were huge but looked so appetizing. The vegetables, mahi kabob and rice were neatly placed on top of the bread (I forget the name), making it even more appealing. The mahi was juicy and soft; the only thing I didn't like too much was that it was a bit too tangy for my taste. But everything else made up for it. The grilled vegetables, especially the rice and the bread were amazing. I was so full and satisfied that I wasn't even able to finish my plate even though I really wanted to. Definitely go here for a nice lunch date with someone or a small group.
Great Food!Friendly attentive service. Need a reservation if you come later! Had Ada Polo-wow like home made. Desserts looked great too! So happy we found this one on Yelp. I'll be back!
This was my first time experiencing Persian cuisine. At first I thought it was a Greek restaurant, but after dinner I spoke with the proprietor for a while (awesome guy, btw) who set me straight. Interesting tidbit I learned from him: Lavash is the word for the style of bread they use, apparently it originated in Armenia way back when and is now a staple all over that corner of the world. But I digress...Had dinner there on a Tuesday night, and it was spectacular. Started off with a tomato/cucumber/feta/walnut/basil/coriander appetizer served with lavash bread. Very fresh tomatoes and yummy feta. Walnuts were ok, not very flavorful. For the main dish, we had the kabob platter for two. I highly recommend this. It allowed us to try most of their grilled offerings: lamb chops, marinated chicken, ground beef/lamb 'sausage' (similar style to what you'd find in a gyro) and assorted grilled vegetables. The lamb chops were awesome - very flavorful and tender. The chicken was by far the best meat on the platter - the marinade and glaze that was used gave it an amazing flavor, and it was grilled to perfection - not too dry. The ground beef/lamb sausage was also good, but came in third place to the chicken and lamb chops. The vegetables were fresh and not over cooked. It was also served with basmati rice. The service was terrific - lots of attention to our table. The portions were huge - the platter for two fed two hungry people and we still had a small portion to bring home. Ambiance in the restaurant is nice - I especially liked the fireplace. Prices were very reasonable. Wish I had saved room for desert, the baklava looked awesome and they had choclava on the menu as well - not sure what that is, but will try next time.
I have never had Persian food before. My friend told me about his great experience with Persian food and thought it would be great to try out Lavash since I'm located in the Sunset. Remember to order the Maast-o Khiar (yogurt with cucumber) as an appetizer and save some for your kabobs. I got the steak and filet minon kabob, which were both delicious. Since I was eating Persian food for the first time, I'd thought I'd try the Doogh (yogurt soda). That was a bad mistake! I guess it's an acquired taste so please don't hold it against me! I also ordered the Persian tea (which consists of 5 different types of black tea) . . . and that was a great decision. The ambiance is really nice and almost romantic . . .which isn't good if you go with a fellow male friend (given you're another straight male). Lavash is a family owned business and everyone there is super nice. When you leave, they send you off with a genuine good bye. I would definitely go to Lavash again.
Finding parking in this area is such a pain, but I will come for their delish food, lamb kebabs with the rice was what I liked best. Dining with 14 other girls in the middle of this place still made me feel cozy and the staff was very inviting. The best part of the evening on a plate? That bahglava (I think that's how they spelled it on the dessert menu) ... or baklava. The BEST baklava I've had so far. It wasn't crunchy but it was soft and chewy and so flavorful, not icky sweet. I had to get 4 orders of it to go, no way I was gonna not have any for later!
A tiny little restaurant with three tables built for people the size of gnomes! Luckily, I'm only slightly larger than a gnome, so I enjoyed the experience very much.Chicken: spicy and tangy... flirted with me as though my husband wasn't sitting right there.Lamb/beef: shiny and glazed... like my husband's eyes as he blissfully devoured it.It would be a great place for take out, too. I plan to check out the prawn skewer next time.
I wasn't very gung ho about having dinner here, but not for any other reason other than I didn't think I liked middle eastern food. Yogurt and falafel? Yuck. Except that I shouldn't have pre-judged because the food at Lavash is damn fine. I had the beef and lamb kebabs and they were a tasty treat. Bonus Info: You know how when you have a kebab, half the time you end up with chicken catapulting from your plate to your shirt as you try to pry it off the stick? Or is that just me? But HOT DOG there wasn't a skewer on my plate! Just meat and rice and the accompaniments. I wasn't going to have dessert but what is that? Is that pistachio, rose water and saffron flavored ice cream? Really? SIGN ME UP! And ohhhhhhh girrrrrrrrrrrl...it was awesome. Subtle and sweet and interesting and GOOD.Good food? CHECKUnique dessert? CHECKAmbiance? CHECKService? CHECKValue? CHECK
Best Persian I ever had. My wife and I got the Lavash Special (for two). EX-CELL-ENT!!! The food was great. The place was very cute and homey. Not too fancy, but there was pretty flowers and plants which made it look nice. I'l highly recommend going here.
Horrible service soooo bad had to talk to manager
So I have a mixed review....my dish, the Bademjan, was quite good. The beef kabobs were exceptional. But the Ghorome Sabzi and chicken kabobs were bland and just so-so. The Sabzi Panir was also pretty bland, no flavor. Maybe I just don't know what it's supposed to taste like. Eh, just not worth the money I'm afraid.
As a Persian myself and due to my long history of criticizing Persian restaurants I should confess this place was one of the most amazing places I have ever been to throughout California.They say that you probably should have Persian food in southern California but I tell you guys that these people running this business stick to some rules which most of the middle eastern restaurants don't.Amazing hospitality! cute waitress , very friendly ,very beautiful interior design which makes a wonderful ambience.The food was really decent and an amazing experience.Try the Baklava and as they call it "Choclava" .you have missed something if you have not dared to try it.Definitely recommend it! don't even think about Alborz or Meykadeh in north beach.
I didn't like the food at all. I got persian soup that started with aash and a veggie kebob which consisted of bell peppers, onions, and zucchini. I was hoping for some mushrooms or less sour zucchini and more spices, I guess I should've went with something meaty. My favorite part of the dinner was the complimentary appetizer that was goat cheese, lavash bread, cucumber and tomato slices served with a bed of mints leaves and other greens.The service was great - it looks like a family-run restaurant and there was a big party of some sort gathering in the middle. The decor is very cute and romantic, I loved the table with different mini dishes by the entrance. I would definitely be willing to come back here to try some other dishes, I believe I've just made bad choices in ordering (judging from other people's reviews and 4.5 stars).
Why does Yelp rock? Ebisu is packed, wife is getting peckish, we're in town to have dinner with a friend - who you gonna call? Yelp to the rescue! Lavash popped up, we walked a few blocks, we waited a few minutes, and then got a table near the window. The beef/lamb and chicken were awesome, especially the former. The veggie skewer was likewise good. Sumac? Thought it was a tree. It was, if I understood our waitress, a dried, ground berry. Regardless, tasty! Service was excellent, from the hostess on down to the rest of the staff. Reminded me of eating at grandma's home, just replace the Persian with Sicilian!
I LOVE this restaurant. Their adas polo and jujeh kabob are phenomenal. And their mast o musir is so thick and creamy that your spoon will stand upright. To top things off, their wait staff is super friendly and patient while you decide which delicious goodies to order. The restaurant is very small and fills up quickly, but it's definitely worth the wait. Oh and don't forget to order a fesenjoon over tadig appetizer....mouth-watering indeed.The only drawback is that they are closed on Mondays. :-(
I went here once and thought the food was lacking in flavor, very plain. The portions are only OK, and don't reflect the prices. The service was good, though. That said, I've never wanted to go back.
Well slap my ass and call me stupid, this place is good!We were feenin' for some Persian food so we hopped on the Lavash train and took a sweet ride to heaven. I've been to Alborz and yes everything's betta with butta, but the kabobs at Lavash are oozing with natural juicy goodness from the meat itself. I'm gonna throw it back to the 90's real quick because the Fesenjan & Baghlava were the BOMB! Yeah, I said it. I like the ambiance with the electric fireplace and warm yellow walls. The lady serving us was really sweet too. You can tell she cares and genuinely wants you to enjoy your experience. I'm so glad there's finally a good Persian restaurant close by because this is now my favorite.Let me put on my sports bra because I'm jumping for joy for Lavash!
After reading all of the good reviews about this place, my girlfriend and I were excited to check it out.However, our experience was completely disappointing. The staff was curt, especially our waiter who had a bit of an attitude. The food was lukewarm and mediocre at best.I don't really understand how this place could have gotten such good reviews. Honestly, the only good thing about our experience was the dolma.We definitely will not be coming back.
Julie, will you accept this rose?Yes - this is exactly what the owner of this restaurant did (for all 7 girls)! Like a scene out of the bachelor, we gladly accepted our roses. As for the food, impressive! We were once again another huge party - and since this was a surprise birthday dinner, we occupied the restaurant for nearly half and hour before the girl of the hour arrived. No dirty looks, no pressure to order - all on a Friday night! Major props to the owner.In the Know: Great atmosphere - had a rustic feel. Food is of large and delicious portion - koobideh is a definite winner. Doogh (drink) - don't drink...unless you like that sour milk taste (very much ACQUIRED) and baklava is quite big - but you can never have too much buttery and flaky goodness! Service was great - definite family feel. The owner is very motherly - nudgingly telling you what she thinks is good for you.
Delicious! I wish I could eat here every night. Perfect neighborhood restaurant.
Mmm meat and rice with spice makes everything nice
Great restaurant. One of the best I've been to in a long time. Delicious food and great service. 5 stars for sure.
This cozy little restaurant is divine and has an air of elegance to it. The atmosphere is lovely (especially on a rainy day, as mentioned by others), and the food is seriously succulent.I have eaten Persian food in many different places, as well as home-made Persian food, and this is THE best Persian food I've had. The owner was extremely sweet and put together a special dish for us, because he happened to be there, and we got the best seat in the house -- in front of the burning fireplace.I highly recommend lamb kabob, and any appetizers.It is a small location so if you're a large party, make sure to call in advance.
Yummy, yum, yum.It's so nice to have a good Persian restaurant in my 'hood. The service is great, and I love the bigger digs they moved into by switching spaces with the burrito place next door. I also love the Niman Ranch meat.My only complaint is that their servings of rice are rather meager for a Persian joint. Besides that, though, this place is well worth the visit!
This place is absolutely fantastic. Lavash is a true family run restaurant, and the service is very friendly and welcomed us warmly. They were really fun, treated us very well and it was very apparent that they truly care about creating a great customer experience.The staff's care also extends fully to the food - the Dolmas were better than any I've ever had. We ordered the Lavash combinantion plate for two, and everything included had very complex and unique flavors. It was absolutely delicious and I highly recommend it!
im overall impressed :)ordered:1. eggplant spread- pretty good and hit the spot because it was cold outside2. lentil soup-not amazing but still enjoyable3. lavash special (2 lamb chops, 1 chicken skewer, vegetables, and beef/lamb koobideh)-the koobideh was cooked perfectly and the lamb was tasty4. bastani (persian ice cream) & choclavathe bastani was my favorite! I loved the light but noticeable hints of pistachio and rose water... the choclava was whatever...(but than again i tend not to like any desserts made with phyllo dough because they tend to be too sweet)... BUT! when we put them together... YUM! ... this place is perfect for a date because the ambiance is intimate & cozy
I went here this past weekend with friends. It was my best friend's birthday and she wanted to try something different, so I yelped "Mediterranean food" and Lavash showed up on the list. Turns out that it's an Iranian restaurant. Since none of us has ever tried Iranian food before, I thought that we'd give out palette's a little adventure. Lavash is a small but charming restaurant. The employees are very helpful with suggesting what to order on the menu. The help was great because we had no idea what to order. I ordered the Fesenjoon, which is chicken with ground walnut served with pomegranate sauce. Sounds weird, but it turned out to be really good. My boyfriend had the koobideh, which we thought was a little on the dry side but had a good taste. Nothing overpowering. My best friend got the joojeh, which is a chicken kabob. Again, the chicken was a bit on the dry side but the taste was excellent. For dessert, we all shared a makhloot, which is half bastani and half faloodeh. The bastani portion is Persian gelato flavored with rose water, saffron and pistachio, while the faloodeh is rose water noodle frost served with lime juice on the side. My advice is to eat the Faloodeh with the lime juice. Without the juice, it's like taking a bite of rose water soap. No joke. Lime juice makes it taste much better. This review is rated at 4 stars, but I'm actually giving it 3.5. Service could've been a bit better. I noticed that the waiters were giving more preference to other patrons at the restaurant compared to our party. And not to mention, they kicked us out of our table when we were not even done with our dinner quite yet. My friends and I had already paid our bill, but we were winding down and drinking the rest of our beverages, like many of the other patrons that I had observed at the restaurant. I could see from the corner of my eye that one of the waitresses was eyeing our table. A few minutes later, she comes up to our table and says, "I'm sorry to do this, but we have other guests that made reservations and you're sitting at their table." Well excuuuuuuuuse me. We made reservations as well and I'm pretty sure that we have the right to enjoy the rest of our dinner. There were plenty of other tables that didn't have a "reserved" placard sitting on top of the table, so why couldn't they just get one of those tables? That was my main gripe of the experience. I might consider coming back for the food since I really enjoyed it, but the service was such a turn off that it's highly unlikely that I'll be jumping at the chance to return there anytime soon.
The food was good and fresh. I would go back.
The Koobideh was delicious.We enjoyed our dinner at the adjacent Mexican restaurant because the one table in Lavash was occupied.The right amount and combination of spices made it a simple yet flavorful dinner.The rice had some sort of butter and/or saffron on top that perfectly complemented the lamb-beef skewers.Yum.I can't speak for their beverages, because I bought a Costa Rican beer from the Mexican restaurant where we ate.Service was great! A pleasant young lady brought our food through some connection between the two restaurants.Beautiful smile. Thanks! :)Can't speak for the decor either. Never got more than a peek of the place from outside.The decor at the Mexican restaurant was really nice!
Many Middle Eastern cultures are known for their kebabs but in my opinion, the Persian do it the best. And of the many Persian restaurants I've frequented, this has to be one of the best. I ordered the roasted eggplant dip and the mixed kebab plate of beef and chicken. The eggplant was a good dish but a little too sweet for my taste. I like my foods to be more savory as opposed to sweet but many diners will like this dish. Still, I managed to eat 1/2 of the dish by myself so you could say I liked it. The kebabs were perfectly cook and were moist and flavorful. I savored every bite of the succulent pieces of meat.  The chicken must have been the juiciest piece of meat I've tasted in recent memory. I will gladly go back the next time I visit the Bay area.
I have been to Lavash several times now. Mostly we have taken out as we only live a block away.The food is tasty, but to me the portions of meat, fish, and vegetables are small for the price. They tend to fill up the takeout platters with lots of rice, and lavash.Also, not food related, but I have been a bit turned off by the place as they apparently removed the three beautiful flowering plum trees from the street in front of the business. There was no neighborhood review of the tree removal, and folks in the community are prety upset about it.
This is my favorite neighborhood restaurant. I would go every day if I could. We first went there with some Persian friends, who consider it one of the best Persian restaurants in the city. Simple menu -- lots of grilling -- but delicious. As a pescetarian, I've enjoyed the shiraz salad (cucumber, tomato, onion, chile, lime), lavash salad (flat bread squares, walnuts, feta, herbs), grilled veggie kabob, grilled salmon kabob, ice cream (flavorful in a floral sort of way). I love all the herbs (cilantro, basil, parsley) and seasoning (sumac is amazing) that you can eat with the kabobs.The newly renovated/expanded space is pleasant and roomy. I appreciate how they will rearrange tables to accommodate a large group.The only reservation I have is that the single server, who appears to be the owner's daughter or similar relative), comes across as apathetic and not engaged. Usually she is unresponsive when you make your order (she *might* make a barely perceptible nod), such that you're not even sure that what you said registered in her brain. Sorry if you don't like your job...but put a little energy into it, for goodness sake!
if you're craving for some yummy persian food (like we were tonite) then this place hits the spot! definitely order the yelp favorite, koubideh (2 skewers of ground lamb and beef) with basmati rice.i had the zeresh pollow (mound of basmati rice flavored with barberries and raisins) with the most tender pieces of chicken (dark and white meat).also try the shiraz salad (diced cucumbers and tomatoes) and the bademjan (eggplant spread) for starters. so delish!
My husband and I ate here last night, and wow, what an amazing find! We were a little bummed that they didn't seem to have our reservation, but luckily they found a table for us! (The people who arrived without reservations 5 minutes later were not so lucky and were told it was a 45 minute wait....so better make a reservation if you want to eat here!) We started dinner with an appetizer, Kookoo Sabzi, an herb "quiche" (eggless but absolutely delicious) then tried two soups, Soup-e-Adas (the lentil soup) which was filled with flavor and just fantastic, and Aash-e Reshteh, which was exotic and tasty enough to finish, but had an underlying taste of burned garlic that neither of us were crazy about. For dinner we each had the Kabobs, Joojeh (chicken) and Mahi (salmon) and were very pleased with our choices! The chicken was tender and full of flavor, the salmon was cooked perfectly and sooo sooo good! We didn't even finish our dinner and were utterly stuffed, but having never been to a Persian restaurant before just had to try a dessert! "Bastani", was our choice, the persian rose-water gelato. They got the flavoring just right, it was so yummy, not soapy-tasting at all like some rose-flavored desserts we've had in the past. (They need to ditch the wafer they serve with it though, as it was as tasty as a piece of cardboard.) Other then that, no complaints at all! Ambiance was cozy, music and lighting just right. Service was incomparable, seriously! We were treated like family, everyone was so friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable about the food they were serving. Loved this place!! It just doesn't get much better then this. So, make your reservation and go, you won't regret it!
Dinner was great here. The complimentary Saabz plate was very good. Kashk-e-bademjan was tasty and Soltani was as good as we got in Iran. A very happy meal :)!!
What a great place for dining. Small, warm, cozy, elegant, quiet.The server was very diligent and helpful. She suggested splitting our orders and gave us choices for vegetarian dishes. The food was very good. Not spicy and with a bit of garlic, which I find it rare and a proof of fine cuisine: flavor should come from the main ingredients, not from throwing lots of garlic so much so you end up with a sick stomach. The price was very reasonable for such restaurant. I'm planning on returning.
Lipsmacking delicious. The sumac berry powder on the table kicked every dish up by a notch. I was adding it to every bite (except the yogurt soda & the dessert)Yogurt soda - slightly carbonated, lassi like, with cumin, crushed mint & rose petals. Refreshing!Lavash + Panir + Mint + Cucumbers + Tomatoes with a dash of Sumac (served while waiting for our meal) - Yum!Green salad - simple and delicious. Lentil soup - mild and nice. Add the sumac & bam!Chicken, kobideh and prawn skewers were delicious. I found the Salmon too fishy, but I also am not a big salmon fan.Dessert - half faloodeh and half pistachio gelato was super. The lime juice addition on the faloodeh sorbet rocked!
I would give this place 4.5 stars if I could. The food here is excellent, the greens and fruits were fresh, and there was a woman there who made it feel like we were in her home. The place is clean and done well with a fireplace and it is also extremely small. They have really packed in the tables & chairs to the point where it is almost a little uncomfortably tight with the wait staff trying to get around- but dont let that stop you. I suggest reservations to make sure you get a seat. I was glad I made one.We had the sabzi panner (cheese, fruit & herb plate) which was absolutely amazing; Ghormeh Sabzi (beef, herb, bean & lime stew)--delicious; and the Fesenjan (chicken, walnut & pomegranate stew)-yummy! We also got the tadig (persian crunchy rice) which is also great- although I didnt see it on the menu, I asked for it as it is a must with persian stews. yummmo. Then we had the Rose Tea and Persian Tea. I was expecting the rose tea to be a mixture of black and rose, but it wasn't..so if you are looking for caffeine free go for that.. the persian tea was excellent.
I don't walk into a Persian restaurant to get kabobs and I wouldn't even enter the restaurant unless there was something other than meat on a stick. So I got Zereshk Polo (chicken with some spices and basmati rice with raisins and barberries). The description failed to mention that there was BUTTER used to prepare the rice, so I didn't touch the rice after my first bite. Shame. I didn't see any raisins either, but the barberries sure were tart. Hmm. $15 plus tax and tip for a few pieces of chicken. Well, there was a complementary plate of lavash with some cucumbers, tomatoes, cheese, and herbs. Yea, $15+ is still quite a bit for a few pieces of chicken. At least it was cooked well with flavor and had the fall off the bone texture. The service was nice in that some of my friends ordered a stew and the waitress gave them a sample to see how they tolerated it basically. 2 of the 3 changed their orders, and the 3rd one just diluted it with rice.
Seriously people? This place is called "lavash" (Farsi and Turkish word for flat-bread) and they serve the worst lavash I have eaten in .. well I can't remember worse. Thin, bone dry, no flavor. Like a raw tortilla. The lentil soup was bland and the chicken kebap was as dry as the lavash. My babaganoush (kashk-e bademjan) was marred by chunks of burned garlic (what they term "roasted garlic"). Not good food.
Lavash is amazing. So amazing that they are expanding! They should be opening up next door, I was told when I went to obtain my favorite koobideh kabob, during the second week of April.I hope I can make it till then.
Woo hoo! I had a hot date at Lavash the other night and it was awesome. We had ghorme sabazi, koobideh, yogurt salad and a baller off menu order, the ta-DEEK, which is the crispy burnt fried rice at the bottom of the pot. MMMMMMThe owner/server is super great and she made the whole experience just lovely.Lavash rules and I can't wait to go back!
Really good food!! Service is good but a little slow. The food makes up for it!!
I'm coming back from a few months in seclusion to write this review.This place is OUTSTANDING.GREAT food for the price.AWESOME ambiance.UNBELIEVABLE service.The family that owns this place is great. They really do everything they can to ensure that you're comfortable and happy with your experience.
2 people. 1 Koobideh plate and 1 Lamb plate. 1 Shiraz salad and 1 Yogurt Salad. 1 Orangina and 1 hot tea. We shared everything except for the drinks. Delicious, warming, perfect.There is a small metered parking lot on 7th just North of Irving. At least I think it was on 7th...maybe 6th? Driving around SF trying to find parking when you're not familiar with the city - disorienting. But parking can be difficult in the area so try the lot.Anyway, the place is tiny. 6 people max. A 4-top and a 2-top table and that's it. We were there around 8pm on a Monday and sat down right away. If you're sitting on the 4-top, which is by the door, and in front of the grill, watch out for the sparks. The again, the sparks/embers were probably flying because the guys were trying to close for the evening.Take out seems to be popular and probably a good idea giving the size of the place. The portions are good and very filling. For some people it might be enough to share 1 dish but seriously, it's worth getting 2.I'll be back for sure.
fellow yelpers did not disappoint, lavash really does deserve the 4.5 stars. went there last night with a party of 5, had 7:30 reservations and were seated promptly. we ordered our wine and were ready to eat!-free appetizer of lavash, feta, cucumbers, tomatoes, and fresh herbs was a great starter to the course, we all loved the freshness and cleansiness of the herbs. -kashk-e bademjan - the seasoned eggplant appetizer was delish, we were glad we ordered 2 for the table. you really taste the roasted garlic and mint in the eggplant, went really well with the lavash bread. -lavash special for 2 - split this with the hubby as everything looked so good and we couldn't decide on 1 dish so we decided to go for a taste of everything. the shishlik (lamb chop) was done just right, super tender and juicy, the hubby actually picked up the bone and sucked it clean...that's how good it was. the koobideh was by far the most juicy koobideh i've ever had, hit with just the right spices. the veggies and the joojeh were alright, nothing to write home about.-rice, they have the most fluffy buttery basmati rice that went so well with our lavash special.the others at the table all loved their food as well. they ordered the prawn kabaob, veggie kabob, and joojeh.wished we had saved room for the dessert as the makhloot looked so good.bottom line: definately will go back if craving persian food in the city. a little neighboorhood gem that i'm glad we found! make reservations as the place fills up quickly.
In all fairness to Lavash, I have no idea how the food is, as I never got a chance to taste it. My sister and I walked in at 7pm on a Friday night and did expect some kind of wait since we didn't have a reservation. The hostess said "there are no tables" in a way that made it sound like there would be no tables ever, and she didn't even offer to take down our names or put us on a waitlist or anything. My sister finally asked if we could wait. The hostess gave an exasperated sigh, then took down my name and phone number and said she'd call when a table was ready. That was last September. I'm still waiting for her to call. Think I'll take my business somewhere less snooty from now on.
this is my second time here, but never reviewed it the first time around. sad thing is, i would've given it 5 stars the first time. i remember loving it so much i wanted to go back, but this time around it was just, good. - Soup-E Adas (Lentil soup): i love lentil soup, and they make it good here. full lentil beans, on the chunkier side with veggies. not a fan of the places that blend the ingredients down into a thick broth.- lavash special: chicken, lamb, veggie, beef. bbq meats, nothing super exciting here. a little on the dry side. i think the first time i came, the chicken was cooked perrrrrfect and that's why i wanted to come back. - shiraz salad (cucumber/tomato/onion salad): a favorite of mine. light and refreshing. - Faloodeh (Rose water noodle frost sorbet): rose water noodle is like a bean thread, soaked in rose water, then frozen, then put this on top of lime juiced sorbet. it wasn't awful, but it was a weird texture and flavor. refreshing, but i probably wouldn't get it again. - Bastani (Persian gelato flavored w/ rosewater, saffron and pistachio): this was better of the 2 desserts, but didn't tickle me like a good 'ol chocolate cake dessert would. i should've stuck with the baghlava. - mint tea: they used to serve this with a saffron rock candy (it's still on the menu too), but they've changed this to some sweet sticky thing. i didn't care for it too much, obviously because i can't even remember what it was really. the mint tea itself was good with lots of fresh mint leaves. the ambiance is nice and warm, like being in a home. the service is friendly and attentive. i'd say try the place once at least.
Went there again. Love this place!!!! Jeweled rice is so delicious. One of my favorite restaurants of the moment.
let me just say...this place is gooood. I haven't tried anything here I didn't like. The koobideh (lamb and beef) is cooked to just the right tenderness. I also like their yogurt salad with cucumber, it's quite refreshing. The atmosphere is quiet, clean, small and dimly lit. It is perfect for taking a friend visiting but probably not as good for large groups.
I am a connoisseur of food. All kinds of food. French, Italian, Indian, Persian you name it and I love them all. Many years ago developed the taste for the delicate spices in Persian food. Tried even my own version of Fesenjan at home. So when my daughter mentioned about this little Persian place I had to try it. We ordered Fesenjan and Tahdig and brought it home. I have to say this is the best Persian food, period. The family run place is very friendly and the  ambiance is cute and very cozy. We will be back for more soon.
I went there last night because I purchased $40 for prix fix dinner and a bottle of wine for two from bloomspot.com.  Walked in around 6:30pm, and the restaurant was half full already. It's a lovely, cozy restaurant, a great place for a casual dinner with friends or a romantic date. We started our meal with a bottle of Shiraz, that was very good. our appetizer was Kash k-e Bademjan (seasoned roasted eggplant topped with roasted garlic, mint flakes and saffron) and that was very delicious! The entree comes with lamp chops, chicken breast and some type of sausage with grilled veggie, yummy! our meal ended with a piece of delicious Lavash dessert that i don't know the name of. comments after dinner: my best meal of the week!
Update 2/22/08:I ate at Lavash today. Spectacular. Great food, and really friendly service. If you want Persian, go there now!Note: I haven't eaten at Lavash yet.But I was walking by yesterday, saw the grand opening sign and the Persian name, and so I put my head in for a second.The owner was a really friendly guy.The inside is tiny, but it smells the way it's supposed to, and most importantly:THEY'RE SERVING THE SAME ITEMS THAT THE OTHER PERSIAN JOINTS CHARGE 2.5 TIMES MORE FORThey'll get their 5th star when I eat it.
My little sister introduced me to Persian food years ago, and I am always on the lookout for a good place to get it. I had a monster craving for it earlier today and found Lavash.It was AWESOME!Everything was delicious. I had the cucumber yogurt, koobideh, and the shabzi panir. It was one of those meals where you are totally stuffed afterwards, but can't wait to eat the leftovers. Also, the restaurant is so inviting. I walked in to find a very clean, romantic feeling dining room and a friendly hostess.Their number has been entered into my speed dial.
seriously it's about damn time!until lavash opened, i could only get persian food at two places.1.) a fancy table cloth restaurant that makes me feel uncomfortable because the prices are too high and the staff swears i understand farsi.2.) mom's house [in san diego]the day after i saw this place spring up i had to jump on in and try the koobideh. the owner greeted me as if he was an uncle of mine and i was coming over to his house to eat. for $7.95 i was served 2 koobideh kabobs, basmati rice with a grilled tomato and bit of saffron atop, and some sabzi (mixed greens), all on top of a piece of ... lavash! i also had the shiraz salad (delish) and a cup of tea, made from an authentic samovar (also delish).the place is small, go here for take out. i ate inside, but that's because i'm special and three tables were open. tho i did see a guy come in with his son and order food to have delivered next door at the burrito joint. on my way out i saw him and his son sitting in the taqueria window chowin down on some persian food while his son mowed a super burrito.i end this review with an overused quote from arnold "i'll be back".
I love my Persian food and I now love Lavash. Organic Neiman-Ranch meats and as-good-as-homemade dishes. Service and vibe were excellent. Family owned business and their love for food and life shows. Highly recommended.We had the Khorest-e-Bademjon (Eggplant and Beef Stew) and Jojeh Kabob Soltani (Chicken kebab and ground beef kebab) - both the best I've had in the city, and I've eaten at Alborz and Maykadeh many times.This is my new go to spot for Persian food.
Best Persian food i've had outside of my grandmother's kitchen! Great food, friendly staff, and really nicely designed cozy space!
Nice Surprise!Super fresh, really tasty - portions are crazy big - you could split a kabob entree and have a few starters.Owners are gems! Im totally going back.Try the chix kabob! Love the limited wine list - keeps it simple!Great place for family & kids.
Oh my gosh. I am in love, love, love with this place. This is my new favorite restaurant. I have told friends many times, that I wonder if I had a past life I might have lived in some Persian country or close or India or Thailand.... Okay, yeah, that's a little random but I think what I love are the spices from these countries, especially spices curry and rubs, including tumeric, cumin, corriander, and various chili peppers.Anyway, I eat lamb as my alternative meat. And often times I don't mind some gaminess from the fat. But here at Lavash there's none and the flavors from the spices cooked perfectly with the lamb made it the most scrumptious dish I have eaten in a long time.My friend and I ordered the 2 person kabob dish which was a chicken and lamb and little bit of ground beef dish. My friend ate all the ground beef and ground lamb and we shared the rest which was 2 lamb chops and lots of grilled chicken. All of the savory, tangy, spicy flavors blended well together and the meats were juicy and tender.The atmosphere and service was also quality. It looks as if it's a family owned business and although relatively new, there seemed to be regulars who have become fast friends with the family. Our dish had actually been sent to another table, so to apologize for the wait they gave us an eggplant appetizer that was also so yummy. All in all, I am going back there as much as possible before it gets too popular.
Went here for a quick lunch on a Friday afternoon before dance rehearsals with my friend. The only reason my friend & I went here were because of all the rave reviews on yelp it received. The place was adorable, cozy and just gave off that cool Mediterranean vibe. I ordered one of the lunch specials..for under 9 bucks, I was FULL as a hot air balloon. My friend ordered the mahi mahi kabob for 12 bucks. The fish was a little overcooked for my liking. Both plates came with the fish/meat, grilled vegetables, a big heap of saffron rice, cilantro & onions on the side, and a thin sheet of flatbread underneath it all. The water was served in a hourglass shaped pitcher which I loved. Irving Street has the best little hole in the wall places like this one! I would recommend this cute little place for a small group or a one-on-one.
professional staff, nice environment, delicious foods
Yes, the baklava - and choclava - is that good. BUT, it's wicked expensive at $5.50 a piece. I wanted to take some to a party, didn't check the price before ordering and received a bill for $70. My fault, I know, but.....come on. People like this place but more shenanigans like this and you're really pushing it. A piece of pre-prepared pastry should not cost the same as a traditional plated dessert just because it's a dessert option.
I'm so happy to have a new place to add to my lunch time repertoire!Lavash just opened, and we happened to wander by as Nazeela was handing out samples of their Joojeh (chicken) and Koobideh (beef/lamb).I was hooked! I walked into this quaint little shop (seriously small, 2 tables) and Nazeela told us the Joojeh and Koobideh were her favorites. We each ordered one, thinking that we could sample each others (since they come with 2 skewers each). As we waited, she offered us a glass of wine or pomegranate juice, we couldn't say no.The food came soon enough, and we were shocked when we saw the portions. We easily could have shared one plate, there was so much food. The joojeh and koobideh came out on a plate atop a delicious lavash, accompanied by basmati rice, grilled tomato, basil and green onion. There was so much food. I was impressed with how delicious, fresh and tender the meat was. The joojeh (chicken) was marinated in lime, saffron and olive oil and grilled up to perfection -not the least bit dry! The koobideh was outstanding - take my word. I do not like beef or lamb, and these skewers were supreme! The combination of ground beef and lamb seasoned with onions and saffron seasonings was heavenly. Believe me, the fact that I even liked this is a true testament to how delicious it is!The dishes tasted best when a small piece of meat was place on a torn off portion of the lavash, and eaten with a piece of grilled tomato, basil and some of the seasoning (available at the counter) on top. Service was extraordinary! I felt like family. We're totally going back - but next time we're sharing the Joojeh Soltani!
So good. My new favorite Persian restaurant n the city (sorry, Maykadeh). Very small, but quaint. Friendly service. So fresh and not overly salty! Really good lentil soup, shirazi salad, kotlet, eggplant stew (esp yummy) and hot tea. Kids loved their yellow chicken and fluffy saffron rice - we'll be back. I'm craving it again already....
Lavash seems to be closed, perhaps for remodeling since it only had, as one reviewer said, "three tables built for... gnomes."We visited at noon today, a Saturday, and there was butcher paper in the windows...I have to provide a rating so I am just going to give it five stars. Someone please let me know if I was mistaken and I'll take down the review.
This review is way overdue.Atmosphere- 5/5. Really nicely done, rich colors, a fireplace, candles on the tables, etc. Some of the wall booths have comfy cushions, and throw pillows in for some truly Persian flair. A bit cozy, but it only adds to the atmosphere.Service- 5/5. The several times we have been here the staff has been sincerely friendly, accommodating, and they go above and beyond other wait staffs with their attention to detail, cleanliness, etc. Having worked front-of-house for several years in my youth for a high-end place, I am impressed.Food 5/5. The food comes out super quick (but then again, we tend to get there before the rush), the temperature is perfect, and the flavors are rich and enticing. The jeweled rice, the kabobs, the herbed beef stew, all of them are amazing. The dual desert of saffron ice cream with pistachios on one side, and rose petal flavored sorbet with fresh lime (or sometimes lemon) juice is amazing. Beverages 5/5. The Turkish tea, the rose petal tea, the pomegranate juice, all are fresh and very tasty.Don't walk, run! Yum.
Went there twice and its been amazing food everytime. The only thing is, they can get pretty busy and you'll have to ask a couple times before they can remember to fill your water glasses. However, the food doesn't change, always tastes good.
So I took a night off from eating korean food to check out this highly rated restaurant according to Yelp. I must have misread/skimmed the reviews because I thought this place served Mediterranean food and was looking forward to eating hummus. Turns out, it's Persian/Iranian which works for me too. Came in around 6ish with the bf and the hostess asked if we had reservations (no, ofcourse not). She seated us right away anyway in the packed restuarant. It reminded me of Le Charm because of the squishy ness between the tables. If you're looking for a dim lit setting with hard to pronounce dishes and not so bad Persian foods, this is it. My favorite was the Persian gelato ice cream - to die for! 1extra point for showing me and explaining the different desserts they had.
This place has permanently scared me. Pulling that long hair out of my mouth the way I had to (like an endless rope) has left me traumatized. I give this place 0 stars.
What a GEM!!! Thanks must go out to my fellow yelpers b/c I hardly go out to this area of town to grab food, but this restaurant made it well worth it.Some HIGH points:1) VERY AFFORDABLE - I think that we paid approximately $6.95 per plate (not including beverages or taxes)2) VERY TASTY - I loved the chicken flavored with lime....EXCELLENT!!! The boyfriends koobideh was good, but I think that the chicken ROCKED!!!3) Service was quick & friendly4) Restaurant was cleanSome low points:1) Parking is a PAIN in this area. Especially in the rain!2) The restaurant really is tiny. There are three tables that are large enough for three couples.
Easily the best Persian food I've ever had bar none. There aren't enough good things to say about this place. The staff and owners are very warm and inviting, making the entire experience great. The kebab, yogurt, and baba ganoush are amazing as well as their specialty rice that has a burnt crust with the tomato sauce.
This is the first and only Persian place I've ever eaten. As far as I can tell it's the Best ever! Haha. I also live in the building on the corner of this block and it so easy to grab high quality food with great service. Go here or else!
Awesome place. Great koobideh
I love this place! I went here with a few of my Iranian friends and ordered the Koobideh and it was fantastic! The best kabob I've ever had. It was perfectly seasoned, tender, and delicious. Another friend orderd the Fesenjan and it was delicious. It was sweet and a little tangy but rich in flavor and the chicken was tender and it just fell right off the bone. Also, the appetizer of feta, cucumber, lavash, basil, and tomatoes was very refreshing.
Absolutely delicious. Everything on the menu I tried was perfect and their shishlik kabob ( lamb chop) was just incredibly delectable. Loved their cozy ambiance and great service. Very reasonably priced too. Definitely a gem in the city!
Tiny cozy simple tasty fare! Came on a beautiful Saturday afternoon after 2 hours of furniture shopping. We went around the block a few times before snagging a prime spot. Score!The place is so tine that we missed it the first time! Back track and found this VERY clean hole-in-the-wall - very tight quarters. The owner took our order - Koobideh (beef/lamb), Joojeh (chicken) and a cucumber salad - grand total of $21. Not bad for the amount of food you get. No lunch specials.We sat on the one of the 4 itsy-bitsy-tiny table and watched the owner and his sous chef grill the meat on charcoal - yes - charcoal. The younger gentleman stood by with a large cardboard to fan away the smoke and smell.The huge platters came with meat, grilled tomato half and rice (no butter for us) over lavash. The Koobideh came with two long rolls of grilled ground beef/lamb while the Joojeh got 5 large chunks of tender succulent chicken on a skewer. We smothered everything with the creamy, refreshing and tangy cucumber yogurt! Great balance to the wonderful spices from the meats. The lavash was nice but it was too soggy to handle.Customer service was nice. While we were there the owner and his lady companion were having lunch. Next time I'll probably do what they did - have the lavash cut into squares to be used as a wrap.Give it a try. It's good food and will not break your budget.
I have been here 3 times and though the food is good, this last time knocked another star off. I ordered food to go and they said it would take 25 minutes. I arrived there 30 minutes later and it took them 20 minutes more to get my food ready! I'm glad you're getting a lot of business during this recession, but I should have seriously cancelled my order and driven the distance to Alborz.
Excellent Persian food. Great atmosphere. Service is attentive. Mixed kabob plate with yogurt salad hit the spot.
Wow! Every part of this meal was delicious. After reading the other yelp reviews, we decided to give this place a try. It was amazing. I loved the free plate of herbs and feta. Since this was our first time, we decided to try the Lavash Special which was a sample of different kebabs. Everything in it was unique and delicious! The lamb chops were the best. They were very tender, but crispy on the outside. To finish it of we had Choclava.... a chocolaty twist on Baklava. The staff was very helpful in picking a dish, and they were very quick to meet your needs. Yum! I would highly recommend this place. We are definitely going back soon.
I've been here twice in the past two months...once with a friend who's father is from Iran and he raved about how authentic the food was. The staff was friendly (a big deal for me), and the atmosphere is great. If you come with a decent sized group, they'll gladly serve you up a few dishes "family style" so everyone can easily share. Excellent deserts too! Can't wait to go back!!
I go here all the time. The food is delicious, the owners are friendly and treat you like you are eating at their home, and the prices are reasonable. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a great Persian dish!
So went to Lime Tree through the help of yelp. It turns out the place was small, got no place to sit, and it didn't seem like anyone was leaving soon. So my friends and I left and walked right into Lavash, another place I wanted to try out. The place was small and cozy, with a friendly staff. Food was good, good use of spices, they didn't over do like many other place. The slick beef and lamb cop is to die for. Chicken wasn't bad, beef stew with tomato base was OK, the mix meat of lamb and beef was a no-no.All and all I would go back, and everyone in the table also said the same. Oh, and I like their warm good-byes and Thank you!
cozy spot, good food!!!!! everything we had was great, can go wrong!
Tasty, succulent, simple decor, warm feel. Yay! I'm so glad to be near this place! Now I can get more of their kabob combos. Mmmmm....Times visited: 1
The koobideh was pretty good.
So Lavash has essentially traded spaces with La Avvenida and in return has received a wonderfully renovated, warm, golden space-complete with romantic fireplace and corner booths. Some perks:-Bigger, better menu-Seating for more than 10 people-Delicious food. We start with the roasted eggplant and lavash squares. My dinner partners gobbled it all up. It's a delicious creamy, smoky mix of charred, mashed eggplant, herbs and what looks like a saffron or yogurt creme and olive oil on top. Definitely delicious. Served warm, a great way to start a meal.Entrees: Beef tenderloin (Barg) w/ lavash, rice, grilled tomato and herbs. Simple, well cooked. Even though the beef was medium well, it still retained a lot of flavor and juices. My only wish was that I had gotten some tzasiki (Greek I know) or other dipping sauce for moisture. I ate a lot of the beef sort of korean style, wrapping the leaves of basil and mint around the beef before devouring. Chicken kabab and lamb/beef meatball kabab-chicken was nice and moist colored with tumeric. My dinner parter refused to give up any of her meatball. So sad. Chicken fessanjoon: chicken stewed in a pomegranate sauce. Tangy, I'm not sure how close to traditional this actually was, but the flavors were saucy and rich-almost raisin like. Dessert was the BEST part. We had a slice of the homemade baklava and the Persian ice cream-which the owner said was saffron and pistachio, but I personally could taste rose. First of all, the baklava was a nice, pie wedge shaped piece - good to share, but why would you share unless you had to?! Honey, nuts and BUTTER-so delicious together. None of that rancid butter taste that you can get from baklava that's been sitting around, this stuff was amazing. The ice cream was also incredible-apparently not made in house but by a local artisan. Very rich and has that butter fat cream mouthtaste that tells you this is the real deal-no artificial gum arabics or any of that rigamarole. I also have to mention their Persian Tea-which has scent notes of bergamot and rose and tastes an awful lot like Earl Grey, but it was this warm brandy color and enhanced the other flavors. The restaurant was FULL by the time we left at 8:15pm, and I'm sure that tons of people are going to be heading out here as it is now part of the 9th avenue restaurant scene. Parking is INDEED a bitch, so you know, take the train. Still, lovely service, warm interior that's not too fancy.
Update 12/07:Unfortunately my last to-go from Lavash gave me a lavish allergic reaction - angry painful welts abounding, massive itching and all. I have no idea what could have caused it, the only thing I know of that gives me this reaction is penicillin and perhaps naked cat wrestling. I can only think maybe some sort of spice or food additive was present that was not in my prior meals. Sadly I cannot risk eating there anymore, the allergic reaction took several ouchy days to recover from :(---------------------------------------------------------------It's is the kebobibest. Glad to have another great take out option in the neighborhood, I can always use another excuse to avoid cooking (really, you do don't want to see me wielding sharp objects too often anyways) and these generous simple tasty well packaged dishes are a welcome addition to the arsenal. Lavash, consider your saffron flier added to my rainbow of to-go menus
yum! delicious food, friendly service and cozy neighborhood atmosphere.
Best Persian food in SF that Ive had a chance to taste!
I heard from a friend who has just moved into the Inner Sunset that this was a great Persian place. One night, I talked my BF into making the trip over and trying it out. Are you kidding me?! This place was awesome! For a smaller place, the ambiance was incredible, the food was delectable and the entire experience was just right. The koobideh was fantastic and the shiraz salad was really fresh. The plates are pretty big so try to think with you stomach versus eyes. The presentation here really sets the tone for an excellent meal, as well as great service. I don't think I would enjoy being here with a large group, but for a group of 5 or so, that special night with the person in your life, or a catch up sesh with a good friend, this place is perfect. Now, please open a location on my street so I can attend every week, thanks!
I had the beef/lamb, it was herbaciously delicious (saffron and onion), with a hint of smoke, and the meat was moist and digestable. Low fat except for the butter on the rice (no butter please!) I wanted more of the heavenly vegetables. The fresh mint and basil rounded the flavors nicely. A whole wheat lavash option would be appreciated, but it's not a dealbreaker.   The place is TINY. You eat in their face (or on the sidewalk), so shy folks beware, face the wall.   The meat is Natural, this means NO HORMONES, NO ANTIOBIOTICS, NO GENETIC ENGINERRINGS. It's what got me in the door, as well as their prices, tastey natural meat for less than $8?! Magic.   Their takeout is in a recyclable aluminum tray, which is second only to biodegradable/compostable containers, so it's on the green side of the spectrum.
I just love this place.Meats and produce are very fresh and tasty. I have not tried that many things because we always order the same items-Joojeh Soltani- it is just so good. Kashk-e Bademjan- you must try it! One thing I love about this place is the food is not overly heavy or oily. I am gluten/wheat-free so I skip the lavash bread, but I don't miss it because the rice is EXCELLENT.Eating in it has a cozy warm environment that I just love. We also order for pick-up sometimes.If you haven't tried I highly recommend it!
i've been meaning to write a review for lavash for several weeks now, but it's been hard to know where to begin. i feel kind of guilty calling them out on their shortcomings because they are obviously trying really hard, but my experience there was one misfire after another. i'll try to recap politely: first they were out of the wine we wanted - in fact our server admitted they were out of most wines - next, our food order wasn't put in (oops), then when our dinner finally arrived they were two completely random dishes instead of what we had chosen. it was almost impossible to get our check when we were ready to go too - the server was clearly enthusiastic about persian culture but pretty blas about actually waiting tables. i'm honestly not sure what was going on, but major ineptitude from both the front and back of the house definitely soured this outing.in their defense, the mystery food was quite tasty. an owner or manager also brought us out a couple of complimentary desserts as an apology (one chocolate baklava and one more traditional baklava) and those were heavenly. i really cannot fault the food here. even the initial table snacks of pita, veggies, and cheese were excellent. there's just something on the operational side of things that is killing this restaurant's mojo. when they get their shit together they are going to be unstoppable, but for the moment you're probably taking your chances.
Excellent food and great atmosphere. The flavors were great, service friendly. Loved it.
We came here for dinner with a couple friends that happen to be Iranian. The restaurant is small but very warm and inviting, bustling with activity and conversation. At times it did get a little loud but it wasn't bothersome.We had reservations for seven ( the place was packed when we arrived and reservations are recommended ) and spent three hours there and we never felt rushed.The service was attentive-our waiter did a great job. A very nice lady stopped by our table a couple of times to check on our party of four ( not sure if she was the owner ) and chatted with our friends in Farsi.We felt like we were at someone's house for dinner.We enjoyed two bottles of wine, a very good cabernet sauvignon. We had an appetizer with eggplant that was very good... don't remember what it was called. I had the prawns, 2 had the barg and 1 had the koobideh and everything was flavorful and satisfying.For dessert we had the baghlava and the bastani and it was a superb ending to our wonderful dinner.We definitely look forward to returning very soon!
WOWOWEEEWA - Khalee Khoshmaseh!I am a persian lady - and I have to say, many of the persian joints I have tried never amount to my mother's cooking. BUT this place is unbelievable.First we started with the :Maste - mooseer = garlic yogurt and lavash bread (not on menu but it is a staple and offered it)Sabzi Paneer = fresh herbs and cheese (along with walnuts, lavash, and grapes). This was amazing and very refreshing.For our main courses we got:Koobideh and Joojeh.WOW - these were perfectly spiced, marinated and cooked. The meat melted in my mouth and the rice was cooked to perfection. I loved how perfect the portions were as well. Not too large and not to small. The prices are very reasonable. It was about $40 for all this and beer. Not too shabby!Definitely going to go back and bring my parents.
Good food and portions. A bit overpriced as well. However, friendly staff and nice atmosphere. Would go back.
Super, fantastic and cozy too. My sister and I were so tired from spending marathon hours @ UCSF Hospital and as soon as we walked into Lavashwe knew we were going to be taken care of!The staff was lovely and friendly ,great service and the food yum!We spoke with the beautiful owner and when I commented on her pretty lipstick she pulled a new one from her bag and gave it to me!Talk about full service, it does not get better then that!We will be back.
excellent kabobs......magnificent quality....delicious stews......Their dishes tastes like how my grandmother's dishes tasted. Very reasonable price for kabobs.
We were looking for a new place and had recently had really good Iranian food up near Sacramento. So, we searched yelp and found this place. We headed over, and the first impression wasn't great, but it got better at the night went on. Because we didn't have reservations, the hostess wasn't the most friendly, but was still able to seat us within 10-15 minutes. The appetizer plate (definitely not the standard basket of bread) was delicious and unexpected. We got the Kashk-e-bademjan appetizer, also good. It's been a while since we went, and now I can't remember the rest of our order. I do remember extremely good vegetable kabab, along with chicken and lamb chop... I think it was the Lavash Special. We had plenty of food to bring home for lunch the next day. Also, there was some sort of pie shaped bakalva that was super popular, unfortunately they were sold out by the time we got to dessert. We'll have to go back to try that.
I love Persian food and this was the best I have had. I had the Soltani kabobs. Yum! Even better than the food was the service. My companions had not had Persian food before and the server explained everything very carefully. One of my companions ordered a drink which our server said was kind of an acquired taste so she brought a sample for my companion to try first. It is a very small restaurant, but very comfortable. Food great! Service great! Ambiance great!  We initially went there because we were visiting Golden Gate Park and just looked for a restaurant in the area on Yelp and we are glad that we did. Will go back. Thanks Yelp.
I will echo the previous reviews and say Lavash is truly AMAZING! I had never had Persian food before and didn't know what to expect when sister took me there. Everything is delicious and family that runs the restaurant is so gracious! Great food in a lovely environment with friendly staff, what more could you want? I only wish we had a Lavash in Seattle.
I went there last night with a friend. When I walked through the door the place was packed! But the warm delicious smells grab my attention that we had to eat there. We had a lovely house bottle of wine and their eggplant appetizer was amazing! Its a lovely small place. I recommend!
Best Persian restaurant in the bay area. I am Persian, been eating Kabab for 26 years so i have done my research.
Quick Summary: Great Persian food for the cost-conscious eater!I went to Lavash about 2 weeks ago with three friends. I read the reviews and was attracted by the low price point. Once we got there I realized two things. It's a Persian Restaurant (i thought it'd be middle eastern ... falafels etc) and the space is TINY. A total of 6 people can dine in. That's it! So, if you're a party of 8, i wouldn't choose this place.Being of persian heritage, i enjoyed the variety of things they had on their menu. I went for the Koobideh and with that price tag they were damn good. Compared to Shalizar's koobideh it was a bit 'dry-er' , but definitely good. The Mast-o Moussir was also very good. I can't think of anything that i disliked. Our server was pleasant to talk to, though she had her hands full closing the place, so we didn't chat too much; plus she endured my ill-fated attempts of being funny, so i have to give her credit for that as well. Food arrived without any unusual delay.Overall i'd say that this the perfect to-go-persian-food-whole-in-the-wall type of place. If you want more 'fancy' stuff, check out Shalizar in San Mateo. if you like garlic & yogurt, get the Mast-o Moussir!!
Get the baklava. That's all I have to say. It will blow your mind. This is the world's most amazing baklava and you will not be disappointed. And, anything you order from the menu will surely be a hit as they know how to make some delicious persian cuisine ;)
Yet another amazing dinner at Lavash. This time going for the lamb and beef kabobs, which were tender and an inspiration to how I just may cook all my future hamburgers. The yogurt dish is my favorite, as always. Zach tried their very unique beef stew, which isn't anything like a beef stew. It kind of smells like parsley, but it's coated in loads of fresh herbs, with a thick sauce that is infused with all the unique spices of the cuisine: coriander, persimmon, etc. The flavor is very powerful and very different, but well worth the gamble. Still love the ambiance and the personal touch to the service from the family owners.
This is the best Persian restaurant in the SF bay area, by a good margin. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is warm and friendly. Highly recommended.
So awesome. The eggplant appetizer was great and wasn't your typical Baba Ganoush type - I'd never had something like it before, but I'd definitely order it again. Our Adas Polo was delicious. The chicken was super moist and it came with raisins (there were plenty of them) and dates over rice and not too much rice at that. It was a little squished inside, but that kept us warm and cozy.
I had the roasted eggplant for appetizer and the combination of Barg and Koobideh. Both were pretty good, but I would have given a 5-star rating if they weren't so oily.The service was efficient and attentive. The owner lady Nazia was very friendly and fun to talk to. Persian food is hard to come by in San Francisco, I'll definitely go back again.
The food was really delicious, and the flavors are so out of the ordinary. I can't wait to go back.
Lavash now occupies the space that used to be a flower store. The space is tiny with 2 tables so they seem to be concentrating on the takeout business.Their chicken kabobs are divine! I was hooked when the family was passing out samples a few days before their grand opening so I went back for a proper order when they finally opened. You can really taste the lime marinade and with basil and mint, grilled tomato, rice, and lavash, it's quite the lavash (pun on lavish) takeout meal.
LOVED this place. Had to wait for a table, but since we had no reservation, I'm not complaining. It's really cosy and kinda romantic, which could have made for an awkward dinner with my roommate. The food was too good for us to notice awkwardness. I recall free appetizers. Yum. I will definitely go back - maybe even on a real date (oh, a girl can dream).
I've only been there once, but that experience left a huge impression! Food was great! Service was even better. This was one of the most pleasant restaurant experiences in my life, they even gave us a complimentary appetizer which was delicious!I had chicken kabab with rice and vegies. It was perfectly seasoned, very moist, and filling, but most of all it was ORGANIC MEET FROM A LOCAL FREE RANGE FARM!
This place was about a 3.7. We went here so we could have some healthy food and this place definitely provided. We got the feta, herbs, walnuts, champagne grapes dish, with an eggplant dish, and the most amazing herb quiche type thing. It was a great way to start the meal off. The two hungry men I was with got kebab dishes with rice and cucumber yogurt sauce, and were very very happy and full. I got the noodle, garbanzo bean, herb and lentil soup. It was a little bland but I think it was because the noodles in it were overcooked and lost in the thick soup. The service was fantastic. It is run by a family who moved her from Persia somewhat recently. Their baklava was fanfuckingtastic. mmm.
It is a very small restaurant but everything is perfect. You can experience fine persian food like what they make in their houses.
Lavash lived up to the reviews that led to me going there. The veggie quiche appetizer was herbed to perfection & prolific, garnish and dipping sauces were everywhere. The kebabs and stews were a chance to try something new & I might just work my way through their entire menu. This is a good place for those who are already know - or - want to try Persian food. The simplicity of certain dishes like kebabs (nicely taken off the skewer) makes it accessible, while the more complex jewels like fesenjoon (pomegranate based chicken stew) are a nice step aside from what most foodies consider typical Middle Eastern fare. Clearly they have something to teach us about Persian cuisine here, and I am all student. Great environment: I went for socializing and ended up discussing business over dinner, but it would have made just as charming of a date location.  They were right there with the attentive service but allowed us to have our conversation, too - very impressed! The people who own and run the place are genuine & friendly -- but not in the omg-dreading-going-back-there-way. Sigh, where oh where *would* the Sunset be without it's long-standing tradition of wonderful, Persian-owned businesses? A great addition to the neighborhood, can't wait to go back!
I love this restaurant! This has to be some of the best Persian food ever. The koobedeh is really good and the ambiance is incredible. This is without a doubt my favorite restaurant in the sunset.
The food is DELICIOUS!! The service is great! I was there on NYE so dinner was very busy and the food came out slow but it was soooo worth the wait. The atmosphere was relaxing and serene. I had a salad w/ ground beef and potato patties (yum) and a chicken dish (soo yum). The food was tasty, fresh, and juicy. I would definitely come back again...I think I want to come back this weekend!! Parking is a bit tough since it's only street parking but once you're seated and enjoying your food the search for parking and walking was alllll worth the while. Enjoy Lavash!
My wife and I had dinner there last night. We loved it.We ordered the combination kabob plate and it was delicious. Service was impeccable. The atmosphere was warm. We'll be back to try other items on the menu.
Absolutely amazing! For a white guy only having had Persian food twice in my life, I may not have a ton of experience with the cuisine to make a valued judgement. However, my GF is persian and according to her, this place is about as good as it gets. Must go, but be sure to make reservations as the place is small and very popular. PLENTY of food for the price as well.
After reading the reviews I sent my husband to Lavash for take-out. The food was very delicious. I had chicken skewer with rice, veggies, and the cucumber yogurt. My husband had the lamb-beef skewer which he said was very tasty.  We will defiantly be back.
One of the best restaurants in the neighborhood. We visit this charming restaurant whenever we are celebrating something special and want to stay close to home. It's an excellent family owned and operated restaurant where you always feel welcomed. The food is excellent and portions are always plenty. The staff is exceptional and most are family related to the owner Nazilla who is the best hostess. This place has such a warm place in our heart it will also be the dinner site for our wedding reception.
my first dining experience at Lavash was wonderful, and the food was tasty. we were first served us with their complimentary dish of herbs, feta cheese, cucumbers, tomatoes, and pita bread. we love the taste of a combination of mint leaves and basil. Lavash Special: 2 pieces of Shishlik, 1 skewer of Joojeh, 1 skewer of Koobideh and 1 skewer of vegetables. it was a great pick. all the meat was juicy, tender and flavorful. Basmati rice: great texture and taste. (I ate it more than usual)Dessert: Chocolava: the best of all, buttery flavor with a layer of chocolate. love it.Bastani: Persian gelato flavored with rose water, saffron and pistachio. the taste of rose water is definitely interesting. worth of try.Turkish coffee: the least favorite, it is about 1 oz. , nothing special, except kept me awake for the first couple of hours at the bed time.
The most bitter statement I can make about Lavash is that my husband discovered it. I take my family foodie responsibilities pretty seriously, and don't really like someone stealing my thunder. (Note to self: your competitive spirit may be bordering on unhealthy.) Anyway, petty grumbling aside, this was a fantastic find (even if I didn't find it)! The decor is warm and cozy, and as if reading my frozen-to-the-bone mind, the owner offered us a toasty table by the fireplace. Everyone who served us seemed truly happy to be doing it. And the food was divine. My favorite may have been the kashko bademjan. The roasted eggplant was complemented by some crispy fried garlic and herby sauces. They also offered some more of the signature lavash for dipping, along with feta, cucumber slices, tomatoes and greens. The bounty was overwhelming. My aash reshteh soup was everything I remember it to be, and much more. The mint, lentils and noodles had clearly been simmered a while, but still tasted fresh. My husband ate too much of his soltani combo, but couldn't be persuaded to stop once he was full. What I really couldn't fathom was, after clearly needing to loosen a belt strap or two at the end of this gluttony, he instead ordered the baklava. That's what good food will make you do.
We were in the mood for some kabob so decided to check out this spot. We were seated right away. Our drinks came right away, if in the mood for coffee not the place to order it. Pretty bland, not good here. After our drinks it took awhile for the waiter to take our orders. It was not so busy, but there was only one waiter! We got a free appetizer which was pieces of pita bread with cucumbers, feta cheese, & mint. I had the lamb kabob, it was served with rice on top of this flat pita bread. Not a bad spot, but not like I would come out here again.
This place is beautiful and the food is yummy. The owners are kind and gracious people who make you feel welcome as soon as you walk in. I love the food. I am not Persian but i have Persian friends and have eaten food their Mom's make (so yummy) so i have something to compare it with. I love this place
I've visited this restaurant 5 times and I feel I can finally write a review. Each time I've visited in the last year or so I've left feeling satisfied with all aspects. The food is delicious, the portions generous and the service friendly. They've added kotlets to the menu, which I was very happy to see. The kabobs are spot on. The rice is perfect and I love the lavash they use on the bottom on the kabob/rice plates because it soaks up all the juices from the meat and tastes delicious! I keep going back...it must be good. Brings back a lot of wonderful memories of persian cooking...yummy!
This is LA quality persian food! That is all I have to say. Even better this is persian mom quality food! The only thing is try and make a reservation because it can get crowded and you may have to wait a long time.
Fills a serious gap in SF dining: Iranian food that Iranians like and you're not spending your entire weekend budget on lunch. The Iranians I took here now take me here. They like not having to spend 25 bucks on soltani. This is a plate of ground beef skewer and steak where the menu calls it filet mignon and you're sitting there looking at london broil. Must o khiar (cuke n yogurt) is fantastic. Koobideh (ground beef mixed with onions and spices) is great. The rice is better than the Iranian Friend's mom's rice. Probably cuz they use real saffron while the mom uses tumaric (for that saffron color). Plus, love that tasty joojeh (chicken). The soltani is still not filet mignon, but nobody said it was and that's worth the extra star I took off for not giving enough rice for take-home and there being this three-yr-old banging a glass on a dish to punctuate his screams. Get the dessert if you want something, in fact everything, that tastes like rose. Do not pay attention when a persian dessert says anything but rose, because rose is all you're going to get. Tastes like your grandma smells, only without the clove gum.
Awesome new find! My bf and I stumbled upon this place on Valentine's Day, without reservations, and we were seated immediately and not rushed out--surprising to us, since this is a very romantic and small space! Everything we had was delicious and well prepared down to the hot mint tea. The "quiche" on the appetizer portion of the menu was incredible, although we all agreed (including the waiter) it wasn't really a quiche. :-) If you like Middle Eastern cuisine...this is a MUST try. I can't wait to return!
Been to Lavash a couple of times now, and I'm thinking I'll make it a regular destination. The kabobs are good, particularly the chicken, and the baklava is amazing. The prices are very reasonable, and most of the staff are very friendly. The downsides to Lavash are minor, but you have to know what you're getting into.. It's physical size (seats about 10 max) can make it hard to get in, or somewhat uncomfortable even if you can. I think most people do takeout. In addition, some of the details are a little off. For example, they seem to only have plastic cutlery and bottled beverages since it's primarily a takeout place. Most annoying to me is the extremely limited menu. There are zero mezzes, and your appetizers are pretty much limited to fresh herbs with goat cheese (not necessarily recommended). For the main dishes, it's pretty much just the kabobs. Anyway, with that expectation set, I'd say Lavash is great. If nothing else, I'd say definitely drop in for desert - get some Baklava and some Tea before you head home :)
Their ghorme sabzi is the best in the bay area. They can do better on their kababs though. Very nice ambiance, absolutely beautiful interior design.
Best Persian food in the city!
This restaurant gets the full 5 stars for one reason: Kashk-o Bademjan. This dish was so unbelievable, it was my favorite dish that I had out of my three day stay in San Francisco. I'm usually not a huge eggplant fan, but this dish was out of this world!! The main courses were also pretty tastey (although I'm not as much of a meat lovaaa) I got the pomegranate chicken, which was very unusual and yummy. The prices are also really affordable, and the ambiance and service are wonderful! We also picked the restauarant since it is walking distance to so many great places like the Golden Gate park, Japanese Gardens, and the DeYoung Museum. Anyways, everytime I come back to SF I will be sure to go to Lavash to get some Kashk-o Bademjan!!
Service was Great, the place was really nice and cute. definitely going back there.
Good food and service, very affordable considering the food that they serve, some of the best kebab ever. Smaller place that requires reservations for larger groups.They got beer and wine selection and one of the waitresses is hot. Staff is professional, place (including the bathroom) is clean and neat.
Excellent food - For the appetizers, we had the Kashk-e Bademjan and Yogurt Salad. Loved it. For main entree, we had the Lavash Special. Loved the Shishlik, Joojeh and Koobideh. Then for dessert, we had the Mahkloot and Tiramisu. Love it! Love it! At first, I thought the serving would not be enough. I was so full when I left. :) Excellent service. People were genuinely nice. Can't wait to go back to try other items on the menu.
I think this is my favorite place to eat in the city. The owner is REALLY nice and so is the rest of the staff. I really just want to say THANK YOU.
Wow, wow, wow! This place is incredible. I'll go back any day of the week and be so happy. The friends I've sent here have also totally loved it. This is definitely Iranian food at its best. Unbelievable. And it's great heated up a few days later, too, so definitely take it home if you can't finish your dish.
I picked this place based on yelp reviews for my birthday, and it lived up to its reputation. Friendly service, cozy and cute atmosphere with a nice fireplace and decor. I had the Zereshik Polow - absolutely delish. My friend took a bite of his food, his eyes rolled back in his head, and he started going 'mmm, mmmm' so much I thought he was going to have an orgasm. That pretty much says it all.
Definitely make a reservation - it's SO good, but very difficult to get in without the reservation. I wish I could eat here every single night. The food is great, service very nice, the atmosphere is great for friends or romance - did I mention the food is GREAT?!Enjoy!
My husband and I were visiting from out of town, and wanted to take my mom and aunt out for dinner last night, which is not an easy thing, because they are both excellent cooks, and it's always dicey to suggest eating out (it's never as good as what they can make at home). Being Russian-Armenian, they know an awful lot about delicious middle-Eastern food, so going to a restaurant that specializes in exactly the type of food they know the MOST about, is even riskier. It turns out the ladies had recently enjoyed a visit to Lavash, at the suggestion of a friend from church, so we figured it was a safe bet.I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. The service is attentive, and courteous, and the waitstaff seemed to show up at exactly the right time, and never more or less than we needed. I asked about the chicken kabob, since I prefer dark-meat, and was told that it's all mixed in together, so it would be a mixture of both white & dark meat. I worried that the white-meat might be dry, but I ordered it anyway, and honestly, it was so delicious, I couldn't tell which piece was which. Everyone else got the lamb/beef dish, and they loved it. I especially enjoyed all the fresh greens that came with each dish. The lime dressing on my salad was so refreshing, my mom joked about how we needed to figure out the recipe. The waitstaff seemed genuinely gratified every time we told them how delicious everything was.The portions were so generous, I was sad that we were all too full to try dessert, but it's something to look forward to the next time.It was a little noisy in the restaurant, but you can't blame people that are having a good time. I got over it as soon as all the incredible food started hitting the table. The owner was so kind, that when I left the restaurant to bring the car around (it was too cold and windy for the ladies to walk to the car), she made sure to let my family know when I arrived out front, so they wouldn't spend any extra time in the cold. Talk about going above and beyond the call of duty. Can't wait to go back!
I went there for lunch last week. I found the food was good but the service was slow and not focused (although the restaurant was empty). My friend told me they had discontinued their lunch specials at affordable prices, maybe it would be a good idea to bring them back?
So my review is way over due. The first time I went to this place it was just a little hole in the wall. The food was amazing but it was so small. Since then the place has swapped places with its neighboring restaurant but it is still somewhat small. Iranians eat late so don't be fooled make a reservation. I'm very picky with my selection of Persian food, but this place is amazing. The service is like a mom pop place but very professional. I only eat the kabobs and they are so good. Portions are large for Americans but medium for Iranians. They use the right amount of butter and saffron. My wife gets the stews and she really likes them too. "Not too oily, yet tasty" is what she says. The salad Shirazi is excellent also and the kashke badimjan appetizer is real good. I have recommended this place to many people (non-Iranian and Iranian) who come to town, and they call me back and tell me how much they liked it. A pilot friend of mine took all the crew with him to the restaurant. They liked it so much that they catered the plane with it on the way back to NYC. One thing that is not on the menu is Ta-Dig (crispy rice) but if ask for it they usually have some in the back. I just moved to the DC area and I miss my lavash :(
My roommate and I went here last Sunday night for dinner during a torrential downpour. With soaking shoes and socks, and our jackets soaked clear through to our skin, we were lucky to grab one of the 3 tables in this tiny, tiny place. I think that the most amazing part of my experience (aside from the food which I will get to talking about in a second) is the fact that they have an open grill with smoldering briquettes only about 5 feet from the seating area. The smell is amazing...not so much a cooking food smell (although that is definitely prevalent), but more of an open campfire smell.I ate the Koobideh - ground beef and lamb w/ rice and a few vegetables over lavash bread and I drank hot tea, which they brew in a super-cool machine right on the counter. We shared the herb plate for an appetizer, which consists of fresh basil, cilantro and mint served on a plate w/ small bits of lavash bread, walnuts, feta cheese and tomatoes. We got to make our own appetizers. Fun!The wait staff, er, I mean wait person, as there was only one was attentive to our needs and made sure that our teacups were always full.After this meal - which was definitely substantial in portion - we were prepared to brave the rain once again. I am definitely going back.
The Ash-e Reshteh soup is awesome. The food tastes fresh and is delicious. I will go again whenever I am in the mood for Persian food.
This place sucks. The service is ok but the food is bad. REALLY BAD.
Yummy!!!!! I had never had Persian food in my life...until I fell in love with a Persian man who's mom and dad made the most incredible food. That bastard broke my heart, but it healed, but my craving for excellent Persian food never went away. I have tried a few places around SF, but Lavash blew them all out of the water. First, the staff is incredibly nice and helpful. Also, the ambiance is so comforting. The beef is organic and is so juicy and flavorful. The rice is out of this world. I loved it. I will definitely be back....and I'm hoping to run into a tall, hot Persian (single!) man when I'm there!!!!
Very good food for a good price. The plates are satisfying without being crazy big. The service is quick and friendly. The restaurant is clean and small but the owner Saeid also owns the Mexican restaurant next door so you can sit down over there and not feel so cramped.I recommend the barg and koobideh with shiraz salad must-o-mussier. But everything is really good. It is a great place to try and I will keep going back!
This place is excellent. I had the eggplant appetizer, and the lamb koobideh entree. I can't wait to try this again!
Good food and good folks behind the counter.Thank you Lavash. This place has a bench with three chairs and three little tables (only seats three couples) but its food is awesome. Feel good Mediterranean food? Well here it is. I ordered the Koobideh and a couple of salads. I'm planning on working my way around this menu. I almost wish they were bigger so the odds of me getting a seat would go up. The guys behind the counter were really cool and mellow. No one hurrying you to finish so they could get the next folks in there. They also do togo orders. Sweet.I'll miss smelling the flower shop that was here, but I'll love smellin' this place.
Excellent Persian food and very reasonably priced. I've been to all the Persian spots in SF (Alborz, Meykadeh) and Lavash is my favorite.
Sweet baby jesus!!!! The lamb chops are like little meaty drops from heaven! My husband and I like to share the platter for two which has grilled veggies, lavash soaked in the yummy yummy juices from the lamb, chicken and beef also served on the platter. Everything is seasoned in the most amazing way. Eat here once and you will seriously be hooked!!!
The food was pretty good, I had just about everything on the menu with a group of people. Pricey though.The place was a bit crowded, they could probably grow into a bigger space. They're busy, with a line out the door, boss lady was kind of rushing us.All in all, I wish I could give it 3.5.
The place was very slow the evening I dined here. Only one other table besides us, made me wonder because the food was delicious! They had everything I wanted. I had the kubideh with rice, bread and fresh vegetables. My favorite is the yogurt cucumber sauce which I will pour over all my food and dip my bread in. The place was super clean and very cute. Tip: ask for raw onions to go with the food, and butter to stir into the rice because it was a bit bland. Even my persian roommate enjoyed this!
Beautiful place, nice food, excellent service.
Small, cute and inviting...I really liked this place and its perfect for intimate gathering with friends or evne a date. The food was DELICIOUS (mouth waters a little just thinking about it). The Koobideh (ground beef skewers) were so juicy and flavorful and even tho I do not eat rice (carbs) at night, i couldnt help but have about 2 bowls of it...there goes my diet but it was well worth it!
Mmmm....lavash, your food is so tasty, your service cannot be beat and your atmosphere relaxing. Don't spend three times the price for half the food and service. Forgive me for comparing apples and oranges, but we also went to Ana Mandara for dinner, and Lavash is far better at Persian than Ana Mandara is at Vietnamese fusion...Lavash is an inviting and cozy place, with a fireplace at the heart of the main dining room, big thick curtains decorating large windows, and beautiful flowers at the entry, even amazing orchids in the bathroom! Ok, so you're not going for the decor, but it is romantic and reasonably priced....AND the food is excellent and plentiful. SO that makes it a better date place. We had the Koobideh, with tender skewers of perfectly grilled lamb and vegetables, with saffron rice. We added a skewer of vegetables for good measure....It was all perfectly done...Somehow we had room for the desert and the rose infused ice cream is amazing as well. Their service was equally praiseworthy, not overbearing and not neglectful. Lavash is one of the best kept secrets in SF for Persian food!
Delicious. Nice atmosphere, good service, and the koobideh, mast-o musir, and kashk-e bademjan were REALLY good. Better than Alborz and  a nicer atmsosphere with friendlier service than Maykadeh. Highly recommend it.
I've gone twice to this place and have walked away quite content. The first time I had the joojeh. The second time I had the koobideh. Each time added a vegetable skewer. Although the chicken was a little dry, everything I had both times was well seasoned and quite tasty.The skewers are cooked over real wood, which gives it a nice flavor as well as gives the place a bit of charm.As people have noted already, the place is tiny. As I have no shame, such things bother me not. Order up, sit down, and watch them cook your skewers!
We went to Lavash in our trip to California. The place was great since the owner has studied interior design. She has decorated the place beautifully. The Persian culture and atmosphere is covered the area. The food also was great. In fact, we went there for a dinner and the food was so good that the we went there again the next day for lunch! Kahske Bademjoon was the best one we ever had, also Koobideh was great. I surely recommend this place for a romantic dinner, or for a family gathering.
My best friend in college was Persian. She would come back from visits home laden with her mom's home cooking, we'd spread out the feast on her Persian carpet in her dorm room and taste all sorts of new flavors. The spirit of a true Persian meal is festive, exotic, and always welcoming. The flavors are deliciously different and fresh. In San Francisco-proper there are very few authentic Persian places or markets. When I used to live down on the Peninsula and was craving a Persian meal, I'd drive to Rose Market in San Jose. They grill outside and have the proper fixings inside. Since I no longer live with my friend, I've turned to re-creating some of the dishes myself. Her mom taught me some, and gave me a cookbook. Most of the time I make stuff myself now, but if I wanted to go out for a meal I go to Maykedeh (in North Beach) or down to Shalizar in San Mateo. Both of those are decent. I only tried Alborz once (on Van Ness) and didn't like it.I've been eyeing Lavash since it opened and soon after transformed from a take out joint to full-fledged restaurant (fireplace and all). Finally, last night I went in and grabbed takeout for dinner. We tried a stew (sabzi) and the chicken kabob. My sources had told me that Persians never order stews out. When they go out, they get kabobs, because stews can be better made and simmered all day long at home, while kabobs are better at a restaurant. This was very well demonstrated at Lavash. The stew was much more watery than I've ever had it before, and interestingly it was made with beef rather than the traditional lamb. I didn't mind, the beef was fine, but the thin-tasting (and looking) sauce was a bit sad. The kabob, on the other hand, was delicous. The meat was plentiful, well seasoned, cooked to perfection (still juicy but definitely cooked through... tricky with chicken), and served along with Lavash bread, a half roasted plum tomato, rice, and some fresh sabzi (herbs). Oh, and they throw in a little packet of sumac (the tangy red spice powder traditionally sprinkled on kabobs).All together, the place was quite authentic. I am happy to have it in my neighborhood and will go back when I crave good kabobs and am willing to pay a bit (they are a dollar or two more than I'd like to pay, but if you dine in it will seem more worthwhile). I will steer away from the stews. In addition to the sabzi stew, they also had eggplant and chicken koresh, made in a tomato sauce with unripened green grapes. The grapes add a sweet and sour element and are a magical accent... you can find them at the Alemany Farmers market in early spring. I stock up when they are available and freeze them to make this stew. It's really quite simple to make yourself... just sautee an onion in oil with turmeric. Brown some chicken (ideally dark meat on the bone). Add both to a big pan with a can of diced tomatoes and a tablespoon of tomato paste, plus a sliced fresh tomato or two towards the end if you want. Add water just to cover the meat. Simmer as long as you can, adding at least 20 or so small unripened grapes towards the end (lemon juice could work if you can't find them). This is even better the next day. Serve with basmatic rice cooked Persian style (epicurious.com might have the recipe, or just google it). They also had fesenjoon... the sweet and sour pomegranate walnut stew usually served with chicken or duck. I make this also and it's surprisingly easy. You just need the pomegranate syrup (I get mine at a middle eastern market on Taraval street). If you want to eat a full authentic meal this place can really add up... I'm used to having the sabzi (Fresh herbs), feta, walnuts, raw onion and Lavash that traditionally accompany a meal, as well as yogurt. And I was a bit surprised that their rice didn't seem to be basmati? It was long grain white, but not fragrant and slim-grained like basmati, and fairly coated in butter. I will stick to making stews at home so I can have this full spread rather than paying $4 - 7 extra for each item. But for kabob feasts, Lavash is a great option.
Being Persian and a lover of food, I am a big fan of Persian food, and what a treat to not have to trek to Van Ness or North Beach for it. Aside from location, the food is just as good, if not better, and is less buttery than the typical Persian restaurant, making it a little easier to go to more often.The place is friendly, our server was the cousin's owner, and the whole atmosphere is welcoming and relaxed.I am in heaven.
The koobideh was very moist and so was the chicken. Delicious Zereshk Pollo and great mast-o-khiar.And its good to know that they use Neiman(sp?) Ranch meats.The service was a bit iffy, they were very nice but they forgot our appetizers till after we had our entrees.Probably the best Persian food in the city though. And affordable.
Great portions! Very fresh and delicious. My only complaint is that the service is a little slow. However, I have been to a number of middle eastern restaurants and this is definitely one that is top on my list.
Very good! Great atmosphere and seating.
Pretty mediocre.
We decided to check this place out because of all the great yelps, and are soooo glad we did. The decor on the inside is very welcoming. We were seated right next to the fireplace, which was great! The service was wonderful - our waiter was extremely attentive and professional. We came in only about 5 minutes prior to closing (which I normally try to avoid), and they were still incredibly gracious and accomodating. The complimentary appetizer plate was light, fresh, and tasty with a flat bread, cheese, veggies, and a variety of fresh herbs.I didn't love my appetizer (yogurt salad) or the noodle soup my husband ordered, which is just about the only reason I didn't give this place a fifth star.The entrees, however, were phenomenal. My husband had some kind of a ground beef kebab, which I'm generally not a fan of, but it was delicious! I forget the name of my meal, but we agreed it was basically like a Persian biryani...it was chicken, onion, spices, barberries, and some other stuff made into a consistency a bit thicker than stew and served on rice. Absolutely delicious! I would have a hard time not ordering the same thing again; it was just about perfect. The portions were very generous as well - enough to take home a full meal of leftovers!Please do yourself a favor and check this place out next time you are in the area - you will not be sorry!
Great place! The good was outstanding; cooked to perfection. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is cozy. The platter for two (lavash special) is amazing. The perfect amount of food. Everything is super fresh and tasty. Definitely recommend to anyone!
This restaurant is a nice and unexpected treat. The food is good, and they have really done up the space very well, with nice flowers and a fireplace even. Lots of great little touches, like a fine china cup for your Turkish coffee.
Mmmmm....gormeh sabzi is not to be missed, nor the tadich. The owner is great, just like the Persian mom I never had - and the staff was super friendly. Best Persian food I've had in SF so far.
Excellent Persian food and great prices. I recommend the Kashk Bademjoon appetizer. Everything I've had here so far has been great.
I live in the neighborhood and it's great to have a restaurant like this nearby. It's perfect for times when I want to have a fancy meal without having to go with all the fancy-meal hassles of venturing out, finding parking, getting a reservation or waiting in an absurd line... The service here is informal enough to put me at ease, and attentive enough to not leave me wanting. I go for the Barg (beef skewer) every time, and it's delicious. Most importantly, I always leave in a good mood.
I felt like I was walking into a dinner party at someone's house instead of dining at a restaurant. Everyone there is so very welcoming and personable. It's an intimate space with a fireplace that makes it extra cozy inside. There area many options to choose from and being a vegetarian (well, except for fish), I was delighted to be able to sample a lot of the food on the menu. Everything was so fresh and flavorful. I cannot wait to go back for the food and the people the work there.
I subtracted a star due to the uneven wait service and the environement, but the food is soooo yummy. Our waitress was initially very welcoming, discussed the menu with us, got us started on our wine. Then suddenly, poof! she was subsumed by a table of 8 in the back of the restaurant. We did not see her again until we paid our bill. The entire time we were waiting for her return 4 probable employees seemed transfixed by something involving the computer/cash register. We ended up waving down a person we hoped was an employee (he was), placed our order, and the food arrived in a reasonable time frame. I had the chicken sabzi, sooo good. My husband had one of the skewered items. Both came with a substantial, fluffy and tasty mound of rice. The other issue with this restaurant, again, not involving the tastiness of the food, is that there is only one unisex bathroom for a restaurant that when full, seats maybe 30. Expect a line for the bathroom.
High-quality Persian food. The fesenjoon (earthy chicken stew with sweet walnut/pomegranate sauce) was as good as my grandma's. The bodamjon appetizer (eggplant dip with grilled onions and yogurt) tasted fresh.Quiet, relaxed atmosphere for dinner. Very friendly and attentive staff, family-owned and run.
Me and my wife just ate there and IT IS FANTASTIC! What a pleasant surprise. We had the koobideh (ground lamb-beef skewers) and the barg (seasoned cubed fillet) and they were both delicious. We also had the yoghurt salad which was super fresh and an excellent accompaniment to the kebabs. Very reasonably priced for a full meal really. Can't wait to go back and try their homemade baklava!!!Yum!
Lavash displaced one of my favorite SF eateries, La Avenida. However, I found the service to be very pleasing, and the plates of food to match up very well with the price range. Definitely another place that I will check out again for dinner.
I've driven by this place a number of times and finally decided to try it. The atmosphere is cozy and the the wait staff was really nice. I ordered a mint tea. On the side, it had a wedge of lemon, mint leaves and a stick of rock candy with saffron threads on it. It was really delicious and hit the spot on this cold winter evening. Lavash served a little appetizer platter with lavash bread, tomatoes, mint, cucumber and feta cheese. It was a nice little starter dish. I ordered the Koobideh, ground beef & lamb skewers. I am not a fan of lamb at all, but they seasoned and cooked it so well I would have never known there was lamb in it. It was really tasty, so much so I ate the whole plate. I couldn't decide between two desserts, but luckily they had a dish that served half of each. The Makhloot it is! The Bastani was better than I expected, the hint of rose water was very soothing. The rose water noodle from the Faloodeh was a total surprise. It was crunchy, but added a nice texture to the dessert.
For over a year Lavash has been on my "to-try" list and after finally visiting this wonderful establishment I can't seem to figure out why on earth I waited so long. The food is absolutely delicious and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. Our favorite is the Lavash Sampler but you really can't go wrong here...everything is delicious.
I found Heaven in the inner Sunset!! Just thinking about Lavash is making my mouth water!! I have never tasted so much flavor! My poor taste buds have been deprived for far too long! Well...NOT ANYMORE!! Everything we tried was scrumptious, the service was friendly and quick, the prices were VERY affordable and the restaurant was spotless. In speaking with the owner Saeed, I was happy to learn that they will be swapping places with his Mexican restaurant next door, which by the way is also fabulous. This will mean a ton of seating available for the whole family! You haven't lived until you have eaten here.... so what are you waiting for?! Carpe diem!!
After a full day in Golden Gate Park we were hungry so I whipped out the iPhone and Yelp app and found this place after searching for "Persian" as that was what we were craving.Compared to our regular Persian haunt in the South Bay (Chelokababi), the menu was more limited in scope, but based on our sampling, better executed. The roasted eggplant appetizer was substantive and very tasty; I think it was garnished with toasted onion flakes which added to the flavour nicely. As a main course, I had the kubideh dish. The meat was very tender and juicy; I think they use more lamb in their recipe. The rice was done just right and I liked the way they put the rice and meat over a piece of flatbread to soak up the juices.My girlfriend is on a low-carb diet and they were happy to substitute some cucumber salad for the rice and bread.As a dessert, I had the "choc-lava" (baklava with chocolate). What can I say but that baklava will never be quite the same for me. Awesome.As far as the decor and ambiance goes, "tidy" and "warm" are the first two words that come to mind. The furnishings seemed a bit atypical for a Persian restaurant but it was refreshing to see them breaking out of what one might call a "Persian" stereotype. We got the corner table with the cushioned corner bench and it was very comfortable after a day spent on our feet.My only complaint about Lavash would be that the bathroom was out of paper towels and I had to pat my hands dry with a bit of toilet paper.All in all I couldn't be happier with Lavash, and highly recommend it to those who might find themselves in the neighbourhood, and those who might have to go a few miles out of their way--it's well worth the trip.
I love this place. The food is great, the service is great, the atmosphere is cozy and warm.  Not a great place to go if you want to get in and out quickly but a perfect place for when you don't want to feel rushed. They do take out as well but the atmosphere is so lovely I like eating there. There are so many take out places in the neighborhood so it's nice to have a place to go when you'd like to sit down and linger a while. I was so surprised by how delicious everything was and how sweet the waiters were. Highly recommended!
Went here recently for a little celebration.We ordered 7 dishes and 2 apps. I don't recommend the Kookoo Sabzi (herb quiche) and the Ghorme Sabzi (herbed beef stew). Most likely these are appreciated with an acquired taste. Everything else we ordered was delicious. If I was rich I could eat the Shishlik (lamb chops) all day. Minus one star due to service. Had to ask for water refills 3 times. The joint was only 1/2 full too!Next time I want to try the Persian tea and the yogurt salad.
The chicken is delicious! Moist and well-seasoned. It tasted great with the mint leaves and rice. The menu is very simple with only a few options, but to me that just means they pay extra attention to each dish that is prepared. The place is narrow and cozy. We were able to watch the owner instruct a new employee on how to cook the kabobs while we ate.
Pretty much all that has been missing in my humble 'hood has been a Persian restaurant (and maybe some good South American food, but I'll try to focus here). I pretty much always eat joojeh kebab when I eat Persian food; I've come to consider it a sort of litmus test of good cooking, and Lavash totally passes, combining positive qualities of some of my other favorite Persian places (the swift friendliness and tasty convenience of Cafe Pomegranate in SJ, and the deliciousness and quality of Shahrezad in LA and Maykadeh in SF). Plus there is an almost overwhelming amount of sumac available for general use (though it's not that overwhelming to someone like me who pours sumac over her rice every three bites). Like icing on the cake, each dish comes with a pile of fresh herbs, the way that Xerxes intended!
OK - I read a review from am Iranian saying how he took his mother here. Well, as a Iranian I would never take anyone to this way overrated place full of rude and obnoxious staff starting from the owner whom questions you upon your arrival as to how long you will take to eat!!
everything is amazing here! i like that they bring you a free plate of lavash, cheese and vegetables to start. the beef and aubergine stew is out of this planet good! must make a reservation though as seating is limited and the place fills up fast.
I am even more in love with Lavash now that it has opened in its new space. The owners did a fabulous job with redecorating. The atmosphere is casual yet elegant. My favorite item on the menu is the fesenjoon - chicken in walnut and pomegranate sauce! Any of the kabob dishes will be excellent as well. Service is genuinely gracious and friendly. For those of you who are keeping track, this is just one more place in the City where you can find Niman Ranch meat.
I've always had this complaint with SF: no matter how diverse the food is here, the one cuisine that's just not up to standard is Persian food -- Los Angeles is where I've usually had to go to get a good Koobideh.Until, that is, I walked into Lavash, a small, cute place that opened up only recently.I love this neighbourhood: the restaurants just keep getting better and better, and Lavash is a splendid addition to what is proving to be quite a headache in terms of deciding where to eat when in the Inner Sunset.I went for the greatest hit: two skewers of Koobideh Kebab (a mix of lamb and beef) along with an extra skewer of veggies. The meat -- which they put over the coals after I made the order -- was served over a bed of very yummy rice with mint and grilled tomatoes, which in turn was wrapped in bread. And to top it all, I got an ice cold "doogh" to wash it all down.The portion was big enough to feed an entire court at Persepolis, and was delicious enough to transport you to Tehran.
I got take-out from here last week and it was aiiiiiiggggggggghhhhhhhhttttttttttttttt!! I really wanted to like this place and eat here at least once a week since I no longer cook and take out from yummy places have replaced my pots and pans. The chic at the counter did not look Persian but she knew about all the foods on the menu. I ordered two different things one of them was the eggplant/beef stew and the other was the Kubideh. After I ordered I was told that there was no more of the stew I had ordered (this disturbed me that a restaurant would have pre-made stew that runs out by 8pm) This is something that bugs me about a lot of ethnic restaurants...whatever happened to freshly cooked meals...oh yeah I guess they threw those out along with my pots and pans. I did give them the benefit of the doubt on this one since I believed that Stews tend to need a long time to simmer in order to get that perfect flavor.I ordered another type of stew that had beef/kidney beans and lots of herbs. I was excited to try all the food once I got home.....I was very disappointed that after shelling out $12.95 I only received about 4-5 pieces of beef in my stew (usually I would care less but since I am no-carbing it this was my entire meal) The rice smelled delish but that was off limits. My husband enjoyed his Kubideh but felt that it was all too dry and maybe he needed to order some of the yogurt sauce to give it some Flavah. He ate most of the sauce from my stew with his meal. The flavor fo the stew was good kind of curryish in smell and flavor there was some hints of mint and cilantro as well. The meat from the Kubideh was good and flavorful but I was not really all that impressed with the food's flavor overall. I gave them two stars because I felt that the staff was really nice and I would give them another try but my hubby has told me if we go back there EVER he was filing for divorce...so to save my marriage I am going to back away from the Lavash....
Awesome. Finally a good Persian place in the city and it's close to where I live. Now that they've moved to a bigger location it's great for dine in. Food is great. Portions are huge. Prices are right.
Food is awesome! Very fresh and reasonably priced. The service was a little slow, but I was fine since I was drinking a glass of shiraz. The place is tiny so don't go with a large group. It is a great place to go on a date and feast on tasty meats and rice dishes...
Went there last night for the first time. It was great. The decor is nice and the food was simply fantastic.I've been to Alborz and Meykadeh and a ton of Persian restaurants in Toronto. Lavash is definitely number one, if not a close second.I haven't had Ash-e reshte like that in a long time. It felt like home. The Kotlet was very good. We had barg and jooje, and their jooje had that "manghal" taste. We'll go back there for sure.
I love Lavash and her sister L'avenida. Nice local places and out of selfishness I hope no one travels here to come eat, but it is worth the drive. The food is good and satisfying, I have tried the chicken, the vegetables, the fillet, and the lamb/beef and all have been good. They're closed right now but reopening in L'avenida's space with more menu options and I must admit I cannot wait. Good restaurants NEVER open near me and a hallelujah is necessary. My ONLY major complaint is this: someone in an earlier review mentioned a Persian restaurant in Westwood (near UCLA) called Shaherizad that has amazing food (and it does) and they make their own "lavash," which is the best part. The bread at Lavash is not so fabulous. If they made their own, like Shaherizad, it would be awesome. But that's also a big endeavor, and they probably won't ever evolve into making their own. Nevertheless, a lavash-upgrade of any kind would help make this place closer to 5 stars.
So Good! Get Anything. We've worked our way around the menu now, and love everything. Service is great, cozy atmosphere.
Just moved back to SF and found this wonderful surprise. Lavash is very tasty and very affordable. The staff were a delight and made my experience there very enjoyable on the whole. I had the Koobideh lamb kabob and loved every juicy bite. I had the masto-khiar (plain yogurt with cucumber and mint.) as an appetizer and a soda. They do serve wine as well. I've read comment on here that one gripe might be the size of the place, but the owner told me that he plans to switch places with the much bigger Mexican restaurant that he also own next door. Not sure when this will happen but he made it seem like it would be pretty soon.
Cute place. They definitely maximized the room to fit as many tables as possible. For me, it was way too crowded. The tables were too close together and it was a challenge to maneuver out of there. I accidentally elbowed one of the servers two times. Though we had great service. The people there are very attentive and we had about 4 different people take care of our table. I ordered the Soltani which is a combo plate with minced chicken kebab and beef kebab, lavash AND rice. The food was pretty good. The chicken minced kebab was flavorful but there was too much garlic and salt. I went home very thirty from that. The eggplant appetizer was very good but again, there was too much garlic. Don't get me wrong. I like garlic! One of my friends had the lamb chops and they looked incredible. She really enjoyed it. My whole table enjoyed their food. All in all it was pretty good.
The food was amazing , the service awesome , Nazilla ( excuse my spelling ) is lovely.Thanks for a great diner ,we'll be back for more
another inner sunset gem. great food, great service, great atmosphere. if you haven't already tried lavash... you're missing out! go make a reservation now!
I went there for dinner not knowing what to expect...The starter was plentiful since we had a big party. Food was great and totally worth it. I had the chicken which wasn't too bad, it came with rice, tortilla, and a little of garnish on the side. But I tried a piece of the lamb from my aunt and it was unbelievable. The meat was so tender and juicy. mmm...Next time, I'm going to get the lamb. The place itself was a really quaint, cozy dining experience. The staff was really friendly and helpful. I would recommend this place to all my friends who want a really great, friendly dining experience.
I think I only need to say one thing about Lavash: the food was so good that my vegetarian friend kept picking pieces of chicken off my kebab throughout the evening.I'm having lusty flashbacks to it now...
First time went on Saturday with my wife. Will definitely repeat. Food was great. If you appreciate Middle Eastern food you will like this place. Service was very good as well.
I'm just gonna throw out that I'm persian only because another reviewer on here said he was and gave this place 1 star and said it wasn't "real" persian food. I read that review prior to going in, so I was expecting some of what he said to be true. Well, I found it all wrong and this place absolutely is authentic persian and unless things have changed since his review (his review was a long time ago), then he's crazy. The restaurant is small, but the decor makes it quaint, and most importantly, the place is very clean unlike many of the small restaurants I frequent. (Note: just cuz you're a small restaurant doesn't mean you get a pass on cleaning! - some places forget this). Anyways, we started out with a couple of appetizers. Both were fresh and tasty and the yogurt and cucumber dip was a generous portion. We then ordered the kubideh kabobs and chicken kabobs. Once again, both were really good. I was looking for problems with this place and the only complaint I could possibly have is that a couple of my pieces of chicken had some fat on them. I'm use to getting nice cubes of white meat (which the rest of the pieces were). Regardless, the portioning was enough that I'm glad I didn't stuff those down my gullet as well. Another plus is that they give you bread and rice with your kabobs whereas most places offer you one or the other. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for some kabobs.I've yet to try any other kabob places in town. When I do, I'll update this as to how it compares.
We loved everything about this place. We will definitely go back next time we're in SF!
my only other persion food experience was maykadeh a few months ago. for lunch, our party had the beef/lamb kebab, chicken kebab, a yogurt, and a mashed eggplant dish. all of the plates were very tasty, and the waitress was very friendly. of course the restaurant was near empty on sunday midday, so the service was very fast. she was full of recommendations for "novices" and all of her recommendations were spot on. overall a great dining experience, i'll definitely be coming back.
With its adorably tacky faux-crumbling Mediterranean interior (you know, the kind with painted-on exposed brick and balcony window facades that make the walls look like an *exterior*? See also Ambrosia Bakery) Lavash isn't going to be a trendster's choice any time soon. And while Persian food sounds exotic, the menu is mostly kebabs and stews, hardly a new horizon for most. But it's cozy (and warm, thanks to the fireplace), friendly, and all-in-all not a bad place for a low-key date. Food is a little pricey, but I can't knock any of it--both the chicken and lamb are juicy and succulent, grilled veggies are high quality, and when you pile it on rice (or wrap it in lavash bread, which I really could have used more of) you've got a dangerously addictive stir-dry. But the real highlight is the Makhloot dessert, which combines rose-pistachio gelato with rose "frost noodles", truly a unique and sensuous taste if ever there was one.
This my "go to" casual restaurant whenever someone says, "where should we go for dinner?". The food is incredible! Talk about a wonderful, healthy and cost-effective way to enjoy a great meal out. The place is sweet, cozy and the staff is always warm and welcoming, especially the beautiful owner! Yummy!
The one star is because the food is quite tasty. However the service started off shaky and then just was a disaster at the end: The kitchen didn't make one of our dishes and we never got an apology or a comp dish for a bill of $360.Came in with a party of 8- we originally had 9 but we were told last minute that they really could only seat 8. Lucky for us one of our guests couldn't come but wondered why I was told they could accommodate 9 when they could only accommodate 8. We came in on a Tuesday night and were really excited about this place. We ordered 2 bottles of wine and 3 Lavash Specials (serves 2) and the lamb chops and the chicken pomegranate stew. When dinners arrived for 6 we had to wait for the kitchen to start making our last Lavash Special. Of course by the time it arrived everyone else had finished eating. No apology was issued by the presumed lady owner even though she brought the final dish. No apology was issued by the waitress other than a guilt look on her face and when we ordered the baklava and ice cream nothing was comp'd on the bill. When we paid the bill (no additional tip on the already added 18%) for our group of 8, we complained to the young boy at the desk and said that we were very disappointed with our experience. He simply said "Oh well those dishes take a long time". If a party of 8 comes in to eat, it should be presumed that we'll have to wait awhile longer for all the dishes to be fired however it does mean that all 8 dishes should come out at the same time.This place doesn't have a lot of reviews yet and I think it's because it's really nothing special if you can't expect a basic level of service. No matter how good the food is, patrons don't deserve this level of disrespect. Just accepting that it was the restaurants mistake would have resulted in our return (never again) and our recommendation to others. Lavash, you made a big mistake: I have a lot of friends that will be told to avoid you like the plague.
Wow. I almost don't want to write a good review, cause then my chances of being seated may go down.... but I shall do my civic duty!Incredibly delicious, very healthy if you tell them to hold the butter, and wonderful service. What more could you want?
I am not Persian, so I can't speak to the authenticity of the food, but I can certainly say this: after just one meal here, I'd begun to crave the shiraz salad, the unbelievably tasty rice, and the various meats in all their tasty glory. I had the joojeh the first time, but I've had most of the main dishes now, and each one maintains the glory.The restaurant itself is adorable, as is the wait staff we usually get.As a college student, the prices are almost too high, but my boyfriend and I come here anyway on a regular basis. It's that good.
This is a nice cozy restaurant. I went in on a Thursday night dinner with some friends. We had the sabzi panir as our starters - it was pretty good. I had the veggie kabob for my main course and found it to be ok ... lacked some flavor. Choclavas for dessert were terrific!
Cute place. tiny. the kabob was super, the rest was okay/good. I would certainly go back.
The food here is great especially during lunch. Their lunch special is less than $9 with one vegetable kabob and koobideh. The rice was cooked to perfection. If I were to visit the city again, I would definitely swing by for some delicious kabobs. The only drawback about this place is parking; afterall, it is San Francisco.
I ate here with my wife and two kids (13 and 11), and all of us agree that it deserves 5 stars and a return visit. We tried multiple appetizers, kabobs, and a stew. All were excellent. The atmosphere is nice but still casual, and the service highly attentive. It is very reasonably priced for the size of the portions and the quality of the food. One of the best surprises was that there were many vegetarian options for my daughter (she made a meal of several appetizers and wants to come back and try the veggie kabob).
Awesome kabob! Barg (filet mignon), koobideh (minced beef/lamb), joojeh (chicken) -- all impeccable! All Niman Ranch! Also, must try doogh (yogurt drink), esp. w/ mint!
Continuing to impress. The restaurant menu has become more extensive by the additon of jeweled rice dishes (the Persian equivalent of biryani) and more appetizers. The ambience continues to be pleasant.. The rose tea was pretty amazing and yummy--floral, with a touch of mint and sugar. Continues to be one of our favorites.
What an experience! We stopped for lunch based on the recommendation from all you Yelpers out there and I must say this was the best food we have had in a long long time. We ordered sabzi panir which comes with cheese, herbs, walnuts, grapes and fresh vegetables. The combination of herbs with the panir was absolutely heavenly. Make sure you order the tea along with it which our waitress informed us is infused with herbs and a hint of rose water. The service was outstanding - the waitress was very charming and knowledgeable about the food - after all she was an Iranian from Tabriz herself!We ordered chicken kabobs, lamb chops and kasha-e-badamjan. All three were outstanding. The kabobs were juicy and tender and the rice fragrant with a hint of saffron. The lamb chops were done just right on a lavash base with basmati rice as an accompaniment.We had a lot of food to eat and yet felt light - the combination of herbs and fresh ingredients do the magic!I will recommend Lavash to anyone who goes to SF or lives there - it's an experience not to be missed. I wish I lived in SF just to be able to eat at Lavash more often.The only watch out is that they get extremely busy in the evenings and dinner wait can be as long as 45 minutes to an hour. Parking can be a problem at dinner time. Reserve ahead and ride a cab instead! Overall a full five star rating.
great food, good service, wished they would fill my water more, but overall they were awesome. cute servers too.
Came here with my husband a few weeks ago...He is 1/2 persian and a very picky eater. He had the Kubideh plate and I had the Chicken. Delicious and beautiful presentation. Loved the refreshing herbal salad that came with the dinner. Good portion for the price! The owners were great hosts and very hospitable. The place is sparkling clean and very good ambiance. Can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu.The only complaint which I have to deduct 1 star would be the lovely tea we had after dinner was not steaming hot.......The baklava was good but the one from Park Gyros was much better.Will definitely go back soon.
If I were a more spiteful person, I might be tempted to give 3 stars.So after so many positive reviews, passing by several times, and just being a sucker for good Persian food in general, I convince a friend to come eat with me after work. The prices at Lavash are just too good for the quality food they serve. I really couldn't tell the difference between here and say Alborz or Maykedeh, but then again I'm not a Persian-food expert, and they all taste good.The place was very small, but cozy, and I already knew this reading the reviews and passing by beforehand. There was a lady in front of us and the girl cashier working at night was very friendly... to her. She asked her how the customer's day was going, small chatted that she wished today was Friday when it was really a Monday, and smiled like she was family. She finished ordering and now it's our turn. Then, like a light switch, the smile vanishes and a serious visage takes its place. I try to be friendly too and ask her how her day was going. ...Silence... Okay, I'll just order. Koobideh for me and Joojeh for my friend. I then ask for an order Maast Mussier. "We're out," she said curtly. Fine, "Do you have any Maast Khiar instead?" "Yogurt salad?" "Yes please," I respond. "You want to order yogurt salad?" "Yes." I think I saw an eye roll. "To-go or here?" "Here please, thanks." We sit down in the corner.Meanwhile, a young man orders afterwards, and the friendly conversation continues... for him. The water comes, and we thank her... silence. The napkin and utensils come, another thank you, another round of silence. And finally the meal comes, a final thank you, and a final non-response. Meanwhile, the nice couple beside us has finished eating and the girl cashier/waitress warmly asks them how their meal was and if they wanted any Baklava for dessert. They politely say no with a kind laugh in return that their bellies were too full from the excellent food. Thank yous are exchanged by all as the couple leaves Lavash positively satiated.I don't have to go into detail about the meal because like everyone else's here, it was excellent and my friend and I finished everything set before us. It was that good... and affordable to boot. Dinner's over, we're the only ones left in restaurant and it looks like only the young male cook is left cleaning the grill. We get up, walk out to another bout of what seemed like unappreciated silence, and as I look back to see if anyone is there, I get an awkward glare back from the cook.I dunno if we did something wrong to start with. I don't think so. And we certainly didn't show any disdain while dining either. "I think they don't like us here," I tell my friend as we're safely out. "But the food is so good, I think I can endure another night of awkwardness."4 stars for the food alone. -1 star for the weird evening.Edit: I've been back here many times since and that previous cashier/waitress is gone. Now mostly the owners (family) take orders and run the bills and they are very nice and friendly. 5 stars now.
Delicious food and wonderful service everytime I go - which is now pretty frequent, as I work just blocks away.The feta/pita/cilantro plate, which you get when you sit down is great. Very clean and friendly place. Love it!
The food and service are spectacular. The workers are extremely nice. Portions are extremely generous. They are a neighborhood gem, with many Persians choosing to dine here - always a great sign of an authentic Persian restaurant. Thankfully they take reservations! Can't wait to return!
Excellent food excellent service. What else can I say. You gotta try it.
in my ongoing attempt to try literally every restaurant in the city - starting with those nearby my house. i drove around to see if i could locate a place that i'd never been that looked more than just a taco stand (metaphorically speaking). lavash seemed to be a prime contender but i was just not in the mood for a sit-down experience. lazy sunday evening and all. so i did the old order-and-pickup thing. the koobideh (spelling?) was a tastey blend of beef and lamb and spices. the rice had a nice flavor as well. fairly one dimensional dish though with just a little besides the rice and meat. and while we're on the topic, what's the deal with the lack of 4+ star restaurants in my hood? the richmond and the sunset is an oddball battle. all in all, i'd say the sunset is much more gentrified and way more diverse. the richmond mostly felt like downtown-chinatown with very few non-asian stores/restaurants. the sunset on the other hand, has a selection of indian, italian, american, middle eastern, etc... along with the usual sushi and asian mix. but wait a minute, while searching for 5 star places, i realizes that the sunset is 0-175 or so. whereas the Richmond had a few to choose from. Clementine, Chapeau, The Richmond, and i'm sure i'm missing some spots... but if i am, i'm missing them in the richmond. although the richmond has on-average lower-end eateries, they also have the few high-end places in the area. the best that the sunset has to offer is Eos which is in Cole valley, over the hill from inner sunset. other than that, fine cuisine eludes walking distance from my condo! sucks.
I love Lavash! The food is fantastic-- so fresh, so delicious. And the restaurant is run by a lovely Persian family who make everyone feel at home. Highly recommended!!
Short review, to the point: went to Lavash on a Sunday around 1PM. Had a soltani (ground beef kebab+steak kebab+rice). Awesome meat, very juicy, great buttery rice. The koobideh was the juiciest I ever had! Good service albeit slow. Definitely recommended.
Great little neighborhood place. Very friendly service with the host even offering to call my cell phone when a table opened up. Tried a few of the kabobs (chicken was the best) and a stew with beef and eggplant and all were good and even seemed on the healthy side. I'm not a dessert person, but enjoyed the Baklava and the Persian ice cream (saffron and pisaccio flavor, yum!). Pricing was very reasonable for SF. Highly recommended.
So far the best kebab place in the city. I love me some Koobideh and it is amazing here. Can't go wrong with it here. Great, authentic middle easter food and friendly service. Came here on a Sunday night and had to wait 30 minutes for a table. We left our cell phone number with them and had a glass of wine at the new wine bar that recently opened up next door. We'll be back for a repeat visit the next time we have a craving for Koobideh.
Liked: * Ambiance - This family run restaurant is warm and inviting. Gracious hostesses almost made us feel as if we were family. * Shiraz - awesome wine.* Pistachio and safaron icecream - this was the highlight of the meal. Definately a must try.* Greens quiche - more like a souffle * Decent sized portionsDid not like : * fesenjoon - chicken in walnut and pomegranate sauce was too sweet for my taste. If you don't like your curries sweet then definitely avoid. Our server should have warned us. For next time : * Need to try the kabobs.
"STAY AWAY!...Unless you want to be rushed through your meal!"That should be the sign right on the door. Lavash is truly OVERRATED. This is San Francisco, so I am sure you can find another Persian restaurant with better food & service. Let me say that the first time I ate here, I was impressed. The salmon dish left a great taste in my mouth. So, I returned. This was a BIG MISTAKE. I will NEVER return to this horrific place called a restaurant. Here's why: SERVICE IS THE WORST IN ALL SAN FRANCISCO. No doubt about that. Given that it is a bit pricey, you expect a certain caliber of food and service. WRONG! Not at this place. I was rushed out as soon as I ordered dessert. I was shocked to be rushed out, given that I was with a party of 5 and we all had ordered a dish, appetizer, drinks and dessert. Yet, there comes the lady with glasses and disgruntled gray hair asking us to leave. Not even in a coy way. Just flat out saying people are waiting for the table and that each table is only given about an hour to eat. Hello?? Then why did you still bring me the dessert menu and take our dessert order? Money. That's why. It's all about money to this lady. I believe she is the owner. Making money is totally fine, but if you are in the restaurant business, you have to know how to get people to feel satisfied and welcomed at your restaurant--not rushed and offended! That is exactly how I felt after leaving this place. I was embarrassed too because I had talked this place up to the group I was with. So, to be kicked out after a mere 45 minutes of dinner, I was terribly disappointed. Please people, spend your pretty penny elsewhere.
The review on the lamb chops did not give them justice. They are beyond reality! I have been dreaming about them like a lost romance since last week when I tried this place for the first time. My wife tried the shrimp kabob and went wild over that as well. In fact, writing this review just made me place an order of the same to go! One thing to keep in mind, this place is really small, so if it is packed... order and sit in the Mexican restaurant they own next door.
This place was awesome! The rose tea with fresh mint and saffron rock candy stir stick was amazing. I had the walnut pomegranate chicken dish with rice. Everything was fresh and well prepared! I felt like I was having dinner in a Persian home, the service was prompt and gracious. This is a wonderful family run restaurant with excellent Persian food!
i went there today with my good friend & it was awesome! i loved the rice! i almost ate it all! i got the Koobideh & my friend got Joojeh. we both loved it! i really enjoyed the turkish coffee because i love coffee. we started with kashk-e bademjan. it was awesome! i loved everything there & would LOVE to go again!
went here for the first time last night. my boyfriend and i ordered the Lavash Special, which had a chicken kabob, a ground lamb and beef kabob, two lamb shanks and a veggie kabob. i have never had such flavorful veggies (even the onions were delicious) and the meat was perfectly seasoned and tender. the space is a bit crowded but we still managed to have a nice, intimate meal. i highly recommend this place. do not leave before you have a slice of baglava!
I work nearby and tried to call in a to go order around 6pm on a Friday night. I was told that it'd take an hour, so I canceled it. A few weeks later, on a Wednesday, my husband was in the area around 5pm, so he picked me up and we arrived for dinner around 5:30. We were the first patrons of the evening, and were alone for another 10-15 minutes. My husband ordered the lamb/beef kabob dinner and I had the chicken kabob (I guess). Our waitress was very sweet and nice and I wished I could have tipped her $20 for cuteness alone (but, alas, we're in a recession, trying to save for our first house, etc etc. A few minutes after she took our order, she returned with a nice, light appetizer of pita bread, cheese, mint and veggies on the house. The lentil soup was great and our entrees were large and very filling. My husband didn't really love his kabob, and I really didn't either (it reminded me of something akin to sausage), but we both really liked the chicken, the rice and the atmosphere and will return...someday.
Nice Persian restaurant although I did not think the food was as super as described by other Yelpers. The best things were (1) the appetizer plate with walnuts, feta, cucumbers, tomatoes, grapes, herbs, and lavash (walnuts and feta were extremely fresh) (2) the grilled lamb chops, and (3) the Persian tea. We were disappointed by the Zereshk Polo (chicken with barberries - the rice had an odd flavor, the chicken had very little flavor), the chicken kabob (dry, no flavor), and the lentil soup (blah). Large portions, they do not skimp on the amount of food. Pleasant service fell off towards the end when the restaurant got more crowded.
Finally Persian food hits the inner sunset! Mmmmm... koobideh plate and shiraz salad. This food is nice. The only thing that would make it better would be some fresh hot home made lavash instead of out of the package. Really though this is a great addition to the hood. We'll go back.
The food is fantastic! Eggplant stew, shashlik, desserts - everything! I think that's a bad idea to describe the taste - you just need to try this wonderful, wonderful food. But I want to mention the unique atmosphere: sometimes it's a design, that creates the atmosphere of a restaurant: walls, furniture, curtains, table-clothes - that's not that kind of place. What makes this place so friendly and cozy is the people working in Lavash. They are so friendly!And also I disagree that this place is bad for groups. It was 10 of us and everything was excellent and fast enough (Sure we made a reservation before).
It was a pleasant experience. The food is incredible, chicken kabob, basmati rice, standard salad brought in place of table bread...all tasted homemade. Table by the fire is the best..extremely friendly family owned restaurant. I'll be back for take-out.
amazing food! the rose tea is good too.
As a vegetarian, who also happens to be persian, I had given up the quest to find a persian restaurant that catered to vegetarians (above and beyond the standard rice and salad I expected to find). So you can imagine my surprise when I stumbled across this gem of a restaurant on yelp (technically, my husband found it based on its amazing reviews). This placed surprisingly lived up to its fab reviews. I was pleasantly surprised by the vegetarian appetizers and vegetarian main dish (which was really good!) The ambiance is fantastic...a warm, inviting "home away from home." My husband and I loved our food and left room for dessert (which was the best part!) The turkish coffee and baklava are *delicious*. I kid you not. I seriously really loved this place and would definitinely go back. The staff really seems very attentive and genuine. I'm definitely going back and would wholeheartedly recommend this place!!
Wonderful food and service. The Choclava was superb, though I will have the regular baklava in the future since the chocolate buries the awesome pistachio taste I love.
what an amazing experience! the restaurant is beautifully decorated, with a cozy and romantic ambiance in the evening...perfect for a cool, san francisco day. the food is delicious! this was our first trip here, and we were so impressed. we had the most incredible lentil soup, and the kebobs were incredible! will definitely be back.
Seriously, the best place to have Persian food in the Bay Area! Growing up eating Persian food, I'd like to think I know when I've found the next best thing to my grandmother's home cooking. The people are great, the atmosphere is welcoming and the food is on point! Super easy to get to (right on the N line). If you only try one Persian cuisine place, this better be the one.
4.5 Stars. Great service, delicious food, but slightly higher prices than I'd normally like to pay - but that does not deny the good quality. Everything we had was delicious, although I will say I preferred the lamb chops over the pomegranate chicken stew (a bit too sweet for me). I actually can honestly say that I loved the roasted eggplant appetizer over babaghanoush (and I LOVE babaghanoush). Overall a great experience with a lot of personal touch. I will definitely be back. My one regret was not having the baklava - i was way too full :(. Bon Appetit!
Fantastic, simple Persian food. I only tried the lamb koobideh, but it was well spiced and adorned with seasoned basmati rice, fresh herbs and a roasted tomato. Prices are very reasonable, and the portions are generous without being silly large. Remarkably, there seemed to be more meat than filler on my plate!As another reviewer pointed out, they are tiny, but the owner (very nice guy) will let you sit in his other restaurant next door if they are full, and will bring the food to you.
I am customer that they didn't recagnize who will order a hundred dollars of food to go here and there. I SAW THERE TRUE COLORS TOWARDS PEOPLE SINCE HE DIDN'T RECOGNIZE ME , OR BELIEVE I EAT THERE. REGARDLESS OF WEATHER OR NOT IF I WAS A CUSTOMER OR NOT I CAN'T FORGIVE THEM. Today we decided to to grab a quick sandwich next door and my 3 year old daughter had to use the bathroom an the gentleman inside denied us access. to the restroom because we ordered food at the sandwich spot yellow submarine witch were excellent. now my little daughter is crying and she has to hold her bladder and she is crying saying she has to go potty. i even explained to him that we spend hundreds of dollars in his resteraunt and that we only spent 11 bucks on a sandwich. he then told me to make the sandwich spot let me use the bathroom and i told they were closed now. i begged him to let my little daughter to just urinate and he had no sympathy towards us and had no compassion towards my crying daughter. my wife was holding my buetiful little girl and i was holding my sons hand who also needed to urinate but was able to hold it. we left with my daughter shaking and crying holding her stomach crying out (i need to use potty mommy/daddy) it hurt me inside that i couldn't help her. this resteraunt had no sympathy at all. the guy was more upset that the sandwich spot (the yellow submarine) was drawing a crowd. he kept insisting that we ask the yellow submarine to let us use the bathroom. i was so upset about this incident that i will never eat at lavash again. i'm so nice ti people that it hurt when i pleaded my case to the host both of them (young guy and old guy) wow i'm still in shock that this guy looked right at my daughters innocent face and denied her use of the resteraunts bathroom even as i explained who i am and that i have food ordered to go in the hundreds constantly from them and that i pass the word to all about how neat it is to eat at a persian family resteraunt. if they have a heart of ice how much love can be takin in respect to there food preparation and quality control.
How do you say "yum" in Persian? I love this place. It's close by, the staff is really friendly and knowledgable, and the food is great. I have a meeting nearby every Thursday night and now I pick up a carryout meal every week to bring home. Had the chicken with pomegranate last week and my mouth is still watering.
Well, I'd heard mixed reviews about the place from my children who are 1/2 Iranian. One said that the food was awful except for the chicken kebob, which she ordered since they didn't carry her favorite dish, chicken barg. The other said that it was pretty good. So, I wanted to try it myself. And I would have, if they'd have let me in! I went there last night and although the door opened, the restaurant had other customers and it was 8:30 PM, my friend and I were refused service. The reason? We were told by an older blond Iranian women (who I presume was the owner) that  they close at 9 on Sunday. I won't go back.  I'd rather spend my money at a restaurant that wants my business.
I love this place....excellent food, very clean, friendly owner and affordable meal. I had the combination of chicken and koubideh....it was delish. Will go back for more!!!
Yummy, pretty fast, went w/ group of 10 business folks for a lunch, no reservation. We all left very happy w/ our food.
I can't say enough about how good the food is at Lavash. I ordered the Zereshk Polow and my boyfriend ordered the lamb chops. We barely spoke during the meal because we were savoring our amazing dishes! My chicken was flavorful and tender, and was complimented well by the basmati rice with barberries. The lamb chops were perfectly seasoned and seared. We ordered the Bastani (wonderful!) and full-bodied Turkish coffee for dessert. The service was very friendly and the owner was so gracious. We will definitely be back many, many times!
my dad makes everything they have on the menu, but we just ordered 200 dollars worth of food and it was super good! everything was finger lickin' good and im so glad that we have left overs! yay for me
It's all good. No wait, it's all really good. No wait, it's all scrumdidiliumptious and fanfoogootastic. I've never had anything here that didn't leave me impressed. Like the roasted eggplant spread appetizer something-or-other. All the meats are cooked to perfection. Always juicy, succulent, and bursting with flavor. My favorites are the koobideh, chicken, and most recently the salmon. I recommend the combination plates so you get to try multiple things. Most everything comes served with rice and on flat bread that can be used to wrap up food and juices from the plate. The place is kind of small. Some might call it cozy ... provided they're not the unlucky ones sitting at the table directly in front of the door on a cold night when people are constantly coming & going. From what I'm told, the owners of Lavash also own the Mexican joint next door to it ... and actually moved Lavash from there to it's current location ... probably because of high demand.
Well priced, homey, and delicious. It feels like you're eating in someone's living room, which I love. The service is attentive and kind. The pomegranate chicken dish (forgot the name) is so good, but it can get a little sweet at the end. I got the lentil soup, which hit the spot.
The Lamb was amazing, I'm salivating just thinking about it.
I was really excited about going to this place. I have to say we got here late since we couldn't find parking. We finally walked into the restaurant at 9:30 and they closed at 10. I felt bad and we asked if they stopped serving, but they were very welcoming and asked us to sit. So we tried the eggplant dip from the appetizers and the green salad. I have to say i wasn't impressed with the salad or dip at all. It was just bland. But they do give you a plate of cheese, herbs, tomato, cucumber and lavash as a free starter. That was better than the appetizer and salad we paid for. So i'm an optimist when it comes to new places because i want to like it. So i told the bf that I'm sure the main dishes will be great. He had the koobideh and I had the joojeh. The meat was amazing! it was well marinated and was very fresh, I'm giving them 3 stars for now because my chicken was still fairly pink in the middle and I like my red meats rare but definitely not my white meats. I'll just say that maybe it was late and they were rushing a bit, even though we had to wait for our food for a long time. The flavors were definitely memorable so its worth giving them another chance.
great dolma and lentil soup. excellent service. a beautiful space. but WOW did it get noisy! we had a very good meal (early friday evening) but when the restaurant filled up , we could barely hear each other. the tables are very close together, the surfaces are hard, it was not a good place for any kind of conversation. and i must say the young people (teenagers?) at the big table next to us who were (all) playing with their cell phones the entire time we were there made it unpleasant for me.
All I can say is holy sh*t, this place is good. This kind of restaurant makes one appreciate that they are living in SF. This is the best Persian food I have ever had. We had the eggplant appetizer and skewer combination plate for two. While it was way to much food for our light appetites, the food was so amazing, that we still it all. Though I did pay the price for stuffing myself silly.
Delicious food, cozy atmosphere, served and prepared by a lovely family.
Lavash is outstanding! I eat there at least twice a week. The portions of meat are generous and the food is delicious, not to mention very healthy! I love the ambiance and the way it feels like a home cooked meal. I recommend the the joojeh soltani combination, but don't forget to also try the barg plate. Its all great and you can't go wrong. The owners really go out of their way to accommodate you and service is great!
Hard for me to evaluate the food since I really have no nose or palate for Persian cuisine. I'll probably come back here for another visit; the service was friendly and helpful. Plus, it's small and cute and makes a decent place for a date.
This place was horrendous. As an Iranian, I assume all these people that are rating it so high just have simply not had good Iranian food. We were visiting SF and this restaurant was recommended to us by someone who clearly didn't know any better. Not only was the food sub par (really, the rice was too oily, the meat was not tender...), but the service was AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL! I hate to speak ill of my fellow Iranians but I was ASHAMED to have brought a friend there. First of all, we were asked to switch tables TWICE!! The place is small, but they could have planned better. They seated us, then realized they'd have to move us to be able to fit a party of four next to us. Terrible. Then to add to it, they FORGOT OUR APPETIZER after I asked 3 times. THREE! Our servers were awful and acted annoyed when I asked for a refill or anything. I was incredibly disappointed and wish I could stop all of you from going there and wasting your money. It's too overpriced food that isn't even good and is served by rude people. So unfortunate.
I was one of the first people to patronize this place when it was just a little "corridor" next to the taqueria. I love middle eastern food other than those "wraps" that are so popular lately. I loved the idea of kebabs with all the fixin's but was disappointed with Lavash. The food lacked the rich middle eastern spices that usually make the food so distinctive. We ordered one of each kebab so it their method of cooking that was lacking. Their yogurt with cucumber-mint is delicious though and great on a warm day. I was so disappointed, I haven't gone back because I can cook middle eastern food with more taste myself. For some reason, Lavash and the taqueria next door have recently switched spaces so the taqueria is now in that tight little corridor (and their business has significantly dropped off because of it) and Lavash seems to be mainly closed all the time even though they now occupy the more spacious dining space. Unless Lavash intends to improve their food AND vastly extend the items they offer for sale, I don't think they will be in business very long.
jeweled rice. yuuuum. and bastani to finish. couldn't ask for more:)
The owner of this restaurant also owns the mexican place next door. I am friends with a relative of theirs, but this place is amazing regardless. The atmosphere is that of family, and it seemed like the whole neighborhood was stopping by to say hi. Chatting up the owners while our kabobs were being cooked, I felt like we werent just paying customers, but a long lost relative they genuinely wanted to catch up with. I had the lamb kabob and my fiance had the chicken. Both were amazing, but the lamb was extraordinary. I have eaten this food at the man's house, and this was just as good if not better.  The rice was delicious and the actual lavash bread itself was fresh and pliable, perfect for making small wraps with my lamb. The portions were filling, but the cooking technique all but eliminated the grease from the meal s you didn't feel overstuffed. This is a place you would describe as "cozy" rather than "small" and I can't wait to go back. If you are craving persian kabobs at a cheap price (mine was $6.95 per LARGE plate of food which include two kabobs of lamb, rice, and lavash bread) and an atmosphere that really eptiomizes the multicultural, accepting atmosphere of San Francisco, this is the place. The only downside to this restaurant is that I feel like a bad person in comparison to the genuine kindness and love that the owners extend to everyone.
Just came back from this wonderful restaurant. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT . The owner, is a lovely woman that puts all her spirit and love in this restaurant. To be sincere, we eat quite often out and we were surprised to discover that we have 3 blocks from our house a such an "EXCELLENT RESTAURANT". The quality of the food and the price are just incredible. Some high end restaurant in the city should be careful because this restaurant I can tell you will attract more and more people. I' m sure that such good place will be known by all of the real food lovers. I will go back and I will recommended without any hesitation.
Recently I had the pleasure of dining at Lavash, a new Persian restaurant at 511 Irving Street in San Francisco. For a Monday night the place was packed, yet the service was prompt and the food was simply outstanding. The appetizers and soup were very authentically prepared and the main course of lamb keboob was cooked to perfection. We ordered from the wine list with the suggestion of the owner, Nazila, and she could not have picked a better wine.  She seemed to know exactly what everyone in the room needed to fully enjoy the experience. Lastly the Persian deserts were freshly baked to complete a perfect dining experience. This place should not be missed. Get there early because there is going to be a full house any night of the week.
Well.... this restaurant is a shame for San Francisco!!! I have never experiences the service refusal just because I walked in a restaurant with the kids. It was 7 pm on a Sunday night. The restaurant was almost empty, with just 3 or 4 tables occupied. We really looked forward to eating at this place. There was plenty of room to sit four people. However, we were told all the tables were reserved. In Sunset, on Sunday night! Two hours before the closure. Well, we placed a call later and asked for a table for four, and what do you think? They did have a space available. They also asked if we had kids when we called for the reservation. Well, shame on you, Lavash. It does not matter how good your food is, you are not a welcoming business, and I do not think your business should be welcomed in our friendly city. I saw another review for this restaurant when a lady was not welcomed because she walked in with the kids.
