This peruvian place was pretty decent. It seems like they are known for their ceviches, that we did not try. But the sweet potato fries are unlike anything I've ever had before and pretty spectacular. The outside is crispy and the inside was almost gooey, like it melted in your mouth.We got some rotisserie chicken and it was pretty good, though the skin was not as crispy as I would have liked it to be. The side vegetables that it came with were pretty good though.I'd be back but when they open one closer to me. Even if just for the sweet potato fries! Magically delicious!
This busy, noisy, bustling, restaurant was one of the best meals I had on my California trip! You may have to shout to be heard - and definitely book in advance, it was packed on a Wednesday - but it's totally worth it for delicious Peruvian food!Oh, the tartara de tuna. One of the most glorious seafood dishes ever! The delicious, crispy empanadas (we had the one with sirloin, onions, egg, olives, raisins) were such a great blend of flavors, every bite was wonderful. Then my husband and I shared a juicy half chicken, which I ravenously dipped in the wonderful chimichurri sauce, while munching on fresh grilled vegetables and crispy yucca fries. The Tres Leches cake was an absolutely gorgeous finale, though we shared it between four of us, we were so full.Service was a little slow, but the food was so good, I was happy to linger over it. Would come back here anytime I'm in San Francisco!
Really good food and great for sharing. Everything was cooked perfectly. Nothing to complain about. Boring review over.
I'm a planner at heart but it's good to be spontaneous sometimes! Our friend Ann S invited us at 5 pm on a Monday afternoon to meet here at Limon Rotisserie and have dinner with visiting Yelpers Yuri and Nadine, and I'm like, why not? We've never been to Limon and though I was in the middle of making a Coconut Cream Pie in observance of Pi Day, I'm always up for having dinner in the city with fun company! I'm so glad we joined our friends that evening 'cause I loved Limn Rotisserie! I can see why this place was packed even on a Monday night. Their food is fantastic! We ordered a bunch of dishes and shared them all family-style. Here's a rundown of what we ordered:Tartara de Tuna -- so light and perfect. Dressing is just right.Ceviche Mixto -- very refreshing, not too acidic and the seafood was nice and tender.Yuca fries -- this was just okay. I'm not a big fan of yuca fries as they are too stringy for me, so I won't get this next time as a side to the chicken.Camote fries -- we got this as a side to our chicken order, and they were fine if you love sweet potato fries. Whole Pollo a la Brasa -- very good. This rotisserie chicken is definitely a lot tastier than the grocery store variety. Loved the marinade and in general it was very moist. The dark meat sections were juicy, the breast a little dry and the wings a bit overcooked. It comes with two sauces and they were very good with the chicken. Lomo Saltado -- marinated beef tenderloin with onions and fries. This was my favorite out of all the dishes. The beef was tender and the sauce was really tasty. Came with rice on the side. I would definitely order this again next time. We also ordered a pitcher of sangria ($30) and that was enough for 6 of us. We didn't try dessert as we were simply too full after all that food. Service was a little slow. We had to ask for the Sangria as it was taking a long time to get to our table. The food also took longer than usual. I hope wait time for food and drinks is better next time.
Limon, with its attractive full bar and exposed kitchen, was looking pretty full. So they seated us downstairs, where the atmosphere wasn't quite as lively, but we could spread out a bit more.Pollo a La Brasa (grilled chicken), comes w 2 sides & aji sauces$24.95 whole chicken - 8 piecesI thought the chicken was dry. Normally I would forgive that, because chicken breast dries out easily, but since rotisserie chicken is what Limon does, then I'm not quite as forgiving. The flavor was okay, but the seasoning didn't permeate through the meat that well. So that makes the aji (pepper) sauces quite necessary. Perhaps it was succulent and tender to begin with, but maybe the juices ran out after they cut it.$4.95 Yuca fries - bland$4.95 Tacu Tacu (rice & beans) - good amount of flavorful carbs$14.95 Ceviche Mixto - fish, calamari, tiger shrimp:It tasted refreshing & tart with meaty pieces of fish, squid, & shrimp with crunchy corn. Apparently the marinade is leche de tigre, "milk of the tiger," whatever that means, basically citrus marinade in Peruvian terms. It was plated with some sweet corn & crunchy corn that resembled corn nuts. It also included sweet potatoes, and topped with slivers of pickled red onion.$16.95 Lomo Saltado - beef tenderloin stir fry w/ onions, tomatoes, fries, soy sauce, w/ rice:Pretty good, when is beef stir fry over rice ever bad? The tenderloin was nice and juicy.I would come back to be proven wrong about the chicken (& also to try the cocktails). I'd like to be reassured that they do chicken right, and maybe my experience was a fluke. But $24.95 is a little more than I would like to pay for chicken. Even for a whole one, 8 pieces, that's about $3 a piece of chicken. My frugal and geek cards are both showing.
I might get a lot of hate on this, but I definitely expected more from this place, granted the stellar reviews on Yelp along with the hype from my friends. We ordered the chicken, ceviche, and yucca. While the food was decent and I have nothing apparent to complain about, it was honestly just OK. The chicken wasn't anything special in terms of flavor and the ceviche portion was small. The fried yucca was probably the best thing that we ordered. It had a nice texture and wasn't too thick or dry. This place is very Americanized and modern so I understand its appeal in that sense. As far as Peruvian food goes, I have my go-to, hole-in-the-wall restaurants in my hometown so I guess I'm biased to those. Again, not at all bad food, but the flavors were just average in my opinion.
I highly recommend this place to anyone that wants to try something new. This restaurant uses it's food to showcase its Peruvian roots in the creative neighborhood that is The Mission in San Francisco. The Restaurant itself is small, therefore, a reservation is always encouraged. Thankfully, I have always had luck when I have gone on Saturday afternoons. The food is obviously Peruvian and IT'S GOOD! Every single time I go I have the Ceviche de Camaron y Pescado (Fish and Shrimp Ceviche.) It's one of the best ceviches that I have ever had. It rivals ceviches that I've had at some of the best, shore side, restaurants in Miami. I bring people here all the time and I've never had someone not like, in fact, people like it so much that they invite other people. This last visit I brought along some friends. One of which had the Carne a la Parrilla (Grilled Steak.) Medium rare, seasoned amazingly and presented beautifully. Do yourself a favor and try it!Pros: Constancy, flavor, friendly staff.Cons: PARKINGMEAL & PRICE (Party of 3)Truffle Mac & Cheese $8.95Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron $14.95Carne a la Parrilla $17.95Arroz con Mariscos $17.95Two Alcoholic Drinks ($ ?)Total Price: $94.77 (Tip $20.00)
My parents and I checked out Limon for dinner on a rainy night. The service was excellent from the very start. I called as were about to miss our reservation and the hostess was able to accommodate us for a slightly later arrival.We were seated downstairs and were served by the sweetest server. The three of us shared half a chicken, truffle mac n cheese, and lomo saltado. The chicken was very flavorful and I enjoyed the aji sauces that accompanied it. The mac n cheese was the best item of the night; it was rich without being overpowering. The lomo saltado was seasoned well but we all agreed that the beef was a tad overcooked.We finished the meal with a delightful bread pudding.
Eat like the Moche did!Ceviche was reportedly created by the Moche people in northern Peru about 2000 years ago and continued to be consumed by the Inca. Fortunately for us all, we do not have to travel that far back or that far south to sample what the Moche left for us! In Limon you get to choose from a small, but delicious, selection of Ceviches. I like them all, but you may want to start with Ceviche Mixto whic has fish, calamari, and tiger shrimps in it. The plates are small, but are sufficient to give three or four people a good size taster. They have a full bar, so I highly recommend trying pisco sour along with your ceiche. If this is the first time you try this potion, stop at two! It is potent!My favorite dish there is the marinated free-range rotisserie chicken. It comes with a couple of sides and tastes wonderful, but that is not to say that the other dishes are not just as delicious.The service is usually good, but I have noticed that when the place is overly busy, the service level may fall drastically. So you may want to time your visit to avoid huge crowds.
Limon is a wonderful place to catch up with friends over a delicious dinner. We came here on a Friday night just before the dinner rush hit. We had a reservation and were promptly seated downstairs. I ordered the Arroz con Mariscos ($17.95) and a whole chicken ($23.95) with trio sauces and yuca fries and camote frito (sweet potato fries) on the side. The Arroz con Mariscos is delicious and I highly recommend it. The portion is small and barely enough to make you feel full. The chicken is very tender and tasty. The chicken and the sides were shared between two people and it was more than enough. The waiters were very quick to clear the table. I was in the middle of eating and the staff started busing the table and asking if we wanted boxes. I felt incredibly rushed to finish my meal.
My taste buds are still feeling awesome from my meal at this place two nights ago. No seriously this place is awesome. By far the best Peruvian cuisine I have ever had. So this is setup more as tapas style; which is great for a romantic dinner. We tried the half chicken with two sides, steak empanadas, and the slow roasted brisket. There was not one bad part of this meal. Everything was absolutely delicious. If I had to pick the brisket was my favorite. With the carrots potatoes and gravy it was just delightful. If you order the chicken I recommend to get atleast the half as the portions are not huge, especially if you are sharing.For drinks tried the Sangrias and they were nicely prepared and just enough strong. Service and presentation here was also a five star rating.If I had to make a complaint it would just be that the basement area felt a bit warm. That is literally all that's wrong in my opinion. If I ever come to SF again I will be definitely returning.
Yup... still the best rotisserie chicken in this city or probably any other.
This was the best meal I had while in San Francisco. Also proof of why the group should leave the restaurant choices to me. We all really enjoyed the lively atmosphere and the small plates we shared for dinner. Between four of us we shared five items and found it to be a good amount of food since we had dessert plans after dinner. The individual plates are smaller portions, but they are very satisfying foods so you don't need much to be happy.We had three of the meat hot plates including skirt steak. We were all impressed with the flavors and preparation of the meats. The sauces served along side were all really good too. We also enjoyed fries and the truffle macaroni and cheese. These didn't disappoint either. We spent the whole meal remarking on how much we loved all of the flavors and sauces.
TLDR - good Peruvian food, a little pricey; definitely recommend the ceviche and rotisserie chickenI've both dined in here and had food from catering. The food dining in was obviously better, but their catering isn't a bad option. Food is generally served family style, so I'd recommend coming with a few people to share several dishes. Portion sizes are on the small side though, especially for the price, so either don't expect to get very full or expect to be paying quite a bit.From dining in:-CEVICHE MIXTO ($14.95) - 5/5 [fish, calamari, tiger shrimp]Really good and fresh! The ceviche has an ever-so-slight kick to it from the chilis. Not a fan of the texture of the corn though, but I feel that way about all ceviches with that corn. Portion size is really small, unfortunately. I've had this for catering as well and even then it was really fresh!-POLLO A LA BRASA ($16.95, half chicken) - 4.5/5[choice of 2 sides]Their well-known rotisserie chicken. A little greasy, but the chicken is really tender! The half chicken portion comes with 4 pieces of chicken so it's good for sharing between 2 people. For our sides, we got the CAMOTE FRITO (sweet potato fries), which were perfect, and the VEGETALES SALTEADOS, which were too greasy for my liking. The chicken isn't quite as tender with catering and it's a little greasier, but still pretty good-CARNE EMPANADAS ($8.95) - 4/5[hand-cut top sirloin, sauteed onions, hard boiled eggs, olives & raisins]I wasn't a fan of the catered empanadas because the pastry was soft and way too oily, but the ones dining in had a perfect crisp to them. The beef filling is flavorful and a tad bit sweet from the raisins. There's a pretty good bread to filling ratio too.From catering:-ENSALADA RUSA ($8.95) - 4/5[beets, potatoes, carrots, choclo/corn, peas]Nothing fancy. It's a pretty simple salad really, but I love beets and it was light and refreshing (without the aioli) in comparison to the meat and stir-fried veggie dishes. Some of the roots tasted too earthy though. Probably wouldn't be a go-to item for me dining in but good overall.-TRUFFLE MAC & CHEESE ($8.95) - 4/5MMM truffle oil! So heavenly. Rather rich and creamy so I couldn't really manage to eat more than a few bites, but it still didn't feel super heavy and didn't taste as cheesy as most mac and cheese (it was more creamy than cheesy)-LOMO SALTADO ($16.95) - 4/5[beef tenderloin stir fry, onions, tomatoes, fries, soy sauce, rice]A little on the salty side but the beef was cooked pretty well. Not the most tender, but definitely not dry or tough/chewy.-SECO DE COSTILLAS ($13.95) - 3/5[braised beef short ribs, huacatay-cilantro broth, potatoes, carrots, peas]Not bad, but also a little salty. Beef was a little dry-CHICHARRON DE POLLO ($11.95) - 3/5[crispy chicken marinated in soy sauce, garlic, aji amarillo, salsa criolla]Most of the chicken was super dry, tough and overcooked, but some were slightly more tender. I think the chicken was supposed to be crispy but the chicken we got every time we catered was never crispy. Okay flavor but mostly just salty and greasy-CHAMPINONES ANTICUCHEROS ($10.95) - 3/5[stir-fried mushrooms, garlic, onions]Normal stir fry. Salty and greasy like everything else-VEGGIE EMPANADAS ($8.95) - 2.5/5[mushroom, spinach, choclo, mascarpone cheese]The filling was on the salty side and too creamy from the cheese. Not a huge fan.
What the hell? Just because I'm seated at the bar the people seated ten minutes after me get their food before me? I don't care they got their food but why have I been waiting for forty minutes for food? I also reserved a table and surprise surprise none were available when I arrived for my reservation... Doesn't that defeat the purpose? The food is good which is why I came but I only had take out before so maybe that's the way to go. Thank you I'm still starving.-- the food I was staring at for twenty minutes was mine as I expected, restaurant is busy and pretty sure the hostess read this and that was why she came over and made sure we were fed. I feel a lot better now. Thank you hostess lady!!
A great sit down place for large groups. I usually come here with last minute out of town guests. It's hip without being overly SF yuppie. No offense to any of my fellow yelpers, I can be overly yuppie sometimes as well. The chicken is great (thank you for always eating the drier white meat, boyfriend) but I think the other dishes are massively underrated! That being said, the portion sizes (aside from the rotisserie chicken) are a bit small for sharing. The ceviche, while bright and delicious, is enough for 4 bites total. The same can be said for the specials (5 pieces of shrimp for $15?!) and other on-menu items. Overall, tasty food! Unfortunately, no guinea pig... What's peruvian food without some cuy?!
I had a new co-worker come in from Germany and we wanted to show him around San Francisco at night. What restaurant does your Peruvian co-worker Sergio recommend for dinner. Limon acourse. Limon is located on 16 th street in the Mission district of SF and it was bustling on our Wednesday night visit. For drinks, we all had the Pisco Sours, a Peruvian brandy with lime juice, syrup and other flavors. Wow this drink was fantastic. Limon has a fully stocked bar plus some nice mixed cocktails.We ordered the following appetizers:Yucca Fries: similar to Yams Sweet Potato Fries: Strips of sweet potatoes Ceviche Mixto: raw fish, shrimp and calamari in the lime & lemon juice Tartara de Tuna: raw tuna in lime & lemon juice with spices.All of the appetizers were flavorful, I love seafood and could eat Ceviche all night.The main entree to order is the rotisserie chicken. The Pollo ala Brasa is slow roasted over an open flame and it can be order as a whole chicken, half or quarter. Since we were a party of six we ordered the whole chicken. It was so good, the seasoning and the taste were so flavorful. The dish also had three Aji sauces (dipping sauce) for the chicken and appetizers.After having these dishes I can see why my friend visits this restaurant often. I think I need to plan a trip to Peru in the near future. Highly recommend this restaurant.
Dropping a couple of stars due to what is clearly a case of over-booking and poor service. We had a large reservation for 14 at 8pm, but we were not seated till past 8:30pm and we only received enough tables and seats for 12! We had a couple people trying to squeeze in on the end of the table, and there was definitely not enough room for the plates nor our elbows. This is while I see them seating multiple other large parties... it looks like they overbooked and were trying to maximize profits for the night. When a small two-top opened up next to our group, we asked if we could just attach those tables to ours so that we get enough room. Nope, the hostess refused and said those are held for a reservation. Well, they seated two people there immediately, but left open a couple of four-tops right behind us instead, which never got filled.There were a lot of other service miscues such as not getting any service utensils or any explanation of our menu.
I had a birthday party with 17 guests and Limon won rave reviews from everyone! The food was delicious. We had ceviche, salad, chicken, and another tasty dish which is part of the $29 menu option for large parties. They served us family style which worked perfectly for the large party. The cocktails and sangria were all creative and tasty. When we arrived there was a mix up and a table had been set for us upstairs. The manager Maria was very gracious and made sure we were moved downstairs so we had a bit more room. Enthusiastic thumbs up!
Negative Food poisoning... I ordered leche de Tigre and a few hours later I was very ill. It tasted like the raw food was saved in the fridge for days.
Good average tasting food. Place was packed! 1 bathroom in the upper floor!?! Highly inconvenient and it was disgusting! Place was packed! Which I guess is a good sign. Not worth $25 for a whole chicken maybe its the area but I have had better Peruvian chicken. The portion of sides (yuca and rice) was honestly a rip off. The chicken sauce is good and our waiter brought the yuca when we finished our chicken! Had the Jalea too and I was like OMGosh what is up with these portions! It was good thou! Not Mama cooking good food, but good! Again, 14 bucks for like a personal size! But I guess you can ge away with that in SF. My family is from Peru so don't mind the comments Im just comparing food to my families and this place falls short. Ahhhhh Would I eat here again? Im not sure if I would. But if aren't overly critical like me when it comes to Peruvian food than this is your place! I guess Im perfectly content with hole in the wall places with a soul food taste.
Limon! So good. I just can't wait for my next visit!I visit San Francisco often for work and end up in a lot of the same restaurants as I tend to hang out in the Castro and Mission. My friend Aaron decided to take our group to Limon on Van Ness for dinner and drinks. I was excited as I am not that familiar with Peruvian cuisine.He easily made a reservation over the phone for our group of 10. Upon arriving we let the host know that we had two cancelations due to a rainstorm that was attacking the bay area. The rain was needed... but it was a doozey! The hosts seemed unfazed and quickly rearranged the table.As our group arrived one by one... we ordered drinks that were quickly delivered. After everyone was seated, our server was there to take our orders. As we chatted and sipped our drinks, the food surprised as it arrived so promptly! It was all yummy! Everyone loved their meal.The dcor was modern, clean, and pleasant. The bar area was handsome. It appeared that there was a private dining room in the back for groups, but I can't be sure.The server continued to check on us and friendly bussers came by frequently to remove empty glasses and dinnerware.When we requested a group photo, the server was very accommodating. She took the multiple photos and worked hard to get a good shot.I can't wait for my next visit to Limon!
This restaurant is as yummy as the name leads you to believe. Food was comfort food meets fine dining.
Great food, great atmosphere! The empanadas were amazing. We ordered a couple of whole chickens; they were cooked to perfection. We also loved the Yuca fries. All around great dining experience. We had always wanted to try Peruvian cuisine and we are so glad that we did.Prices were a little steep, but what we expected for San Francisco.
This place had more of a sports bar feel to me then a hip restaurant. Maybe because we were sat at the front of the restaurant instead of in the back - there were TV screens everywhere.We got the ceviche which was decent. Tasted good but portion size was tiny for the price.Service was good - got our sangria order wrong but changed it straight away with a smile which was great. Location is great - right next to the other bars and shops in Mission. Would go again to try other dishes.
A hot Sunday in SF got us craving for some ceviche. Lolo's nearby was out, so we hopped on over to Limon to see what they have to offer! This place has great tapas to choose to from!WE ORDERED:---------------- Lychee Sour - (mixed with Peruvian alcohol) Not really a big fan of this one, and no it wasn't the egg whites that turned me off. I think it was because the drink was somewhat warm. My friend had the Passion Fruit drink and hers was refreshing and cool. Get the passion fruit one instead, the flavor was so much better also!- Ceviche Mixto - We love variety and this came with fish, calamari, and shrimp. It was delicious except the cuts of the fish was pretty big for some reason.... lol. Nonetheless we got our ceviche fix on a hot Sunday!!! *Still dreaming of the delicious Peruvian ceviche we had in Puerto Rico though*- Pulo a la Parilla - I'd recommend getting this grilled octopus with mash dish! Every bite was so good and the sauce is a bonus!- Lengua a la Parilla - The marinade of their beef tongue is sooo good! I'd come back here just for this dish! The beef tongue is not chewy and dry so the flavor really stood out at every bite!Overall, Limon did not disappoint with their tapas/small plates offerings! I wish we had tried more dishes, but seriously eating and drinking at three other places *and all the walking* before coming here really took a toll on us and our appetite. * FOUR STARS, WILL RETURN*
This place has such flavorful food! And the service was very hospitable. My friends and I happily enjoyed a bottle of sangria and split a chicken and truffle Mac and cheese. It was late when we arrived so there was a lot of seating but we reserved just in case since it was an option. If it's your first time here, you can't go wrong with the chicken. It's a must!
Made reservations here on a Tuesday at 7:15pm. Arrived a little early and was able to be seated... SCORE! FOOD:We ordered the tuna tar tar for starters which was very fresh and tender. I do wish it was a little more on the serving size. We ordered the half chicken with sweet potato fries and tuca tuca (sp?) which is essentially mashed rice and beans. The chicken was juicy and seasoned flawlessly. The trio sauces were a perfect compliment. My fave was the habanero mango sauce which I assumed was going to unbelievably spicy, but surprisingly it was not. I wish there could have been more tuca tuca to match the amount of fries. The fries were cooked differently than I had them before - crunchy on the outside but still soft in the middle. It was nothing less than perfect. The sauteed mushrooms we ordered were so soft that one slice with your fork would cut it in half. The sauce was to die for as well. The dessert menu was limited and we went to to try the favorite: chocolate molten cake. It wasn't the best (hence the minus star)SERVICE:Everyone was very friendly and I love when they ask if you've been there before. They are welcoming to any questions you may have and can answer them without hesitation. Everything came out very quickly and our waiter was very prompt despite how busy he was. Our service was so fast, our dinner was literally done in less than a hour! LOL. Overall, I would LOOOOVVEEEE to come back and try more of their menu items. Everything is tasty, cooked effortlessly, and delightful. I would definitely recommend this place and make reservations! By 8pm there was a crowd out the door.
Yum.  Came here with some friends while I was in town.  We got here around 7 and didn't have to wait for a table. They took us downstairs and we got seated right away. Their paella was out of this world, I would come back just for this.  We got lots of plates to share, a half chicken with their beans and rice and yuca fries. Their beans and rice was definitely good and packed with flavor. We got got a steak with mashed potatoes which was again well seasoned and well cooked.  We also got the mac and cheese which I thought was just average. I had better mac and cheese elsewhere.  I didn't think it was to die for.  The service was really good and they came and refilled our glass several times.  I would definitely come back just for the paella next time.Also toward the end of our meal, it started getting really crowded and loud. I was yelling just to talk to my friends.  I definitely didn't like that but I also felt people talking loud was out of the establishment's control.
Came here on a Saturday for lunch and was seated right away.. and we found parking right across the street! Score.Being hearing a lot of good things about the chicken here so I have to give it a try since I am in the city.Ordered the Truffle Mac n Cheese and half chicken which came with 2 sides. We choose yuka fries and taku taku (sauteed rice and beans).The chicken came out very tender, juicy, and flavorful. I have to say that it is pretty yummy.The sides were okay. There was nothing special about the taku taku. The yuka fries were a little more special because it is not served everywhere.The truffled mac n cheese was not bad. Didn't taste much of truffle in there tho. It was pretty good, but not the best.The whole time we were there, I have to constantly ask to get my water cup refilled. Overall, the chicken was the best part of the meal and following closely by the mac n cheese. I didn't really care for the rest.
Was a little worried we had made a questionable decision as they walked us down to the basement. However, the food we had was delicious. Definitely try their signature chicken- our whole table wished we had ordered more of that. Service was good and food came out fast. I wonder if they could do a bit more to improve the ambience of the basement so you don't feel like you're dining in a cellar. That would step this place up a notch.
I rarely write critiques about restaurants, but I felt compelled to write one. My parents are visiting from Hawai'i... Naturally, I want to take them to my favorite places in San Francisco, especially the "good eats" that SF has to offer. We went to one of AJs and I's "go to" restaurants... Limn Rotisserie the South Van Ness location. We arrived and were seated, the hostess was very nice and inviting. We ordered, and asked the waiter if what we ordered was an adequate amount for three people. He suggested the red snapper ceviche as another option.  I told him that my Mother was HIGHLY allergic to shellfish especially shrimp. He assured us that shrimp was not incorporated in this dish and was safe for my Mother to eat, so of course we were excited to try it. The dish came, Dad went first, then Mom... I was next when I noticed not one, but an inexcusable amount of thinly sliced shrimp towards the bottom of the dish. I quickly alarmed our waiter. I proceed to reiterate that my Mom is HIGHLY allergic to shellfish, and that she could potentially go into an allergic shock due to this. He apologized and said he would "comp" the ceviche and would order us another one without shrimp.... telling us "the kitchen staff is new and made a mistake" (as if this was acceptable) being the nice "local Hawaiian" family that we are, we accepted his "lame" excuse and went on with our evening...  The second one came. It was delicious then ... I FOUND A SLITHER OF SHRIMP at the bottom of the bowl. Although only one, my Mom started getting hives in her mouth (luckily she had her medication). Our waiter FINALLY decided to send the manager over, she apologized, and said she would "comp" the ceviche and our sangria (as if that would negate the fact that my mother was having an allergic reaction). The women sitting next to us saw and heard what was going on. She decided to take it upon herself to speak to the manager. She spoke to the manager upon our and her behalf as service was not up to her standard as well.  This was unacceptable as I felt that our entire meal should have been "compensated"as my MOTHERS LIFE WAS IN DANGER!!!! Although we were "comped" our Sangria, ceviche and was given a little discounted rate, I feel that that was the least they could have done. THANK YOU to the awesome women who "stood up." for us! I am currently closely watching my Mom while she sleeps, hoping that I don't have to take her to the emergency. She was complaining of swelling of the throat and hives in her mouth due to "new staff in the kitchen." You can bet that I will NEVER return to Limn Rotisserie South Van Ness ever again. Thank you for making my parents vacation a memorable one!!! *SIDE NOTE:Our waiter charged someone else's credit card, thinking it was my Dads... THEN.... Charged for something that should have been DELETED.... NEVER AGAIN... EVER!! ALSO, if things couldn't get any worse, the dipping sauces for our rotisserie chicken was served AFTER most of the the chicken was consumed.
Limon is super consistent and always very good. This is true of all its locations, though this one is probably the least hectic. Rotisserie chickens are the standout...moist and flavorful. Even better dipped in the aji amarillo sauce, which I could swim in if they let me. Empanadas are excellent; crispy fried shells loaded with high-quality meats and fillings. Perfect with a squeeze of lime and more aji sauce for dipping. On the side, I particularly love the tacu tacu -- a tasty rice and beans dish topped with little slivers of red onion. Limon is nothing fancy and can get loud and crowded, but it's usually relatively easy to get a last-minute booking and always pleases. I'm a big fan.
The grilled chicken paired with yuca fries makes an amazing dinner. Not a big fan of their ceviche, the cuts are just too large and is just not the right bite size.The service is nice, the location and hours are convenient, and the price is affordable.
If you like Costco chicken, or KFC's rotisserie chicken, you're going to enjoy the rotisserie chicken here at Limn. While it's a bit pricier than Costco or KFC, it's 1000 times better.I came here with a buddy of mine who was visiting SF. I had heard great things about Limn, but had never gotten around to trying it. My friend and I were in the Mission and were looking for places to eat, and Limn popped up. I was in the mood for Peruvian food and my friend had never tried Peruvian... So this place definitely hit the spot! We ordered the lomo saltado, chicharron de pollo and half rotisserie chicken with sides of yucca and rice/beans mix. The chicken also comes with a side of three dipping sauces, which are great to dip with just about anything-- the chicharron, the lomo saltado beef, and the rotisserie chicken, and best of all -- great for dipping fries and yucca fries in! My favorite dish was the rotisserie chicken-- the meat was perfectly tender and seasoned inside, which was a whole lot more flavorful than Costco chicken! Parking here can be kind of tough, so I recommend taking Bart if you can. Service is pretty good here as well.If you love Peruvian food, definitely come by here and check out Limn! (try the chicken!)
The chicken is awesome as well as the beef tongue dish. The cocktails here are pretty good as well. Great place for any occasion.
Absolutely love this place. Came here last week for the first time since it seemed like one of the healthier choices in the Mission. For lunch, there was no line on a Sunday at around 1pm. For two people, we ordered a half rotisserie chicken and the ceviche mixto. Both were excellent. The rotisserie chicken was incredibly juicy, tender, and not overly greasy. It came with three dipping sauces - one chimichurri sauce and two other creamy sauces with a mint flavor and mustard flavor if I heard/remember correctly. I liked all three but I preferred the chimichurri. The ceviche was also delicious with fresh shrimp, fish and calimari. There were bits of roasted corn that provided additional texture to the fish. Not cheap (around 3x the cost of the chicken at Safeway or Whole Foods) but not expensive compared to other places you could go on a date. I would definitely come back!
Remember Myspace? Remember "my top 8"? Well, if Limon Rotisserie were a person, they would be in my top 8. Coming here was very sporadic, and I think that is what made the experience a lot better. We had no reservations, but got seated right away. I will mention that I came on a Friday night after work around 6:30pm. Upon arrival, the staff sat us down right away and we placed our order of Sangria. Keep in mind that the place is pretty small, so make reservations just in case or call ahead. I ordered the Ceviche Mixto, and I thought it was one of the best ceviches I have ever had! I don't want to hype it up for the next guy, but I thought it was food. We ordered Yuca fries as well, and compared to other places I have been to, I thought it was tasty as well. We also ordered empanadas and even more Sangria. We only ordered a few items because we were going to explore the Mission some more and did not want a full dinner. This was enough to keep us going. I will definitely be back, and when I have friends who visit, I know where we will be going for dinner.
Mmmmmm chicken! This reminds me of a fancier Spinnerie except Peruvian. I got a quarter chicken with white meat, and it was pretty moist. Got yuca fries and vegetales salteados. The vegetables were pretty oily. I think this may have been my first time having yuca fries. They paired well with the sauces they provided for your chicken. Arroz con Mariscos is a must get. Such good paella!Surprisingly, the sangrias weren't very strong. Got the white wine one. Taste was pretty good but I think my drink had more fruit peels rather than the actual fruit...
Perfect restaurant for a nice meal with friends.The great thing is that the meal is meant to be shared family style, which means I got to taste everything! My kinda restaurant.Get:- The chicken (obviously). I'm not the biggest fan of rotisserie chicken, but theirs was moist and flavorful (even the breast!!). However - note that the skin is VERY salty. We selected their tacu tacu (reminded me of red beans and rice) and yucca fries for sides, and they were both amazing with the dipping sauces.- The lengua - OK i love beef tongue, so this dish was right up my alley. Flavorful, tender tongue, over a bed of creamy mashed potatoesThe OK:- Lomito Saltado - sauteed sirloin, onions with french fries. This one was pretty good - the onions were flavorful and the beef tender. However it was missing something.Pass:- Truffle mac and cheese - where's the crispy bread crumb layer?? Between the 7 of us, we shared a bunch of stuff (plus a pitcher of sangria, obvi) and it was still an extremely affordable and reasonable meal.I'll definitely be back!!
Great food, nice ambience and swift and efficient service. The chicken is beyond compare, and the servers were great. It is a comfortable place to eat alone or with a group. I will definitely go there again and I don't hesitate to recommend them.
I'm in love with their cocktails. They're delicious. Strong too. As for the food, the rotisserie chicken is the highlight of this restaurant. Hence, their name of course. Along with the ceviches, empanadas, lomo saltado & beet salad. Muy bueno!! I've tried chicken chicharrones the other day and it wasn't good. Too salty & hard. Dessert was good. Ambiance is always upbeat & vibrant. Service was friendly & attentive. Reservations recommended. Will definitely be back.
Holy chicken......... So I had been eying this place for some time and then a friend suggested it very enthusiastically. Finally went and tried and oh my stars what tender juicy chicken and beautiful flavor all around. We got the half chicken with side of tacu tacu (peruvian rice and beans) and veggies. Even the veggies were perfect, texture and flavor. We also ordered the lomo saltado. Perfect flavor and steak quality. Mate said this is the best food he has ever had in san francisco. I do have my loyalties but this place is definitely up there for me too ;)
I absolutely LOVE Peruvian food!We don't have any Peruvian spots in San Diego, so whenever I'm home in the Bay Area, I always make it a point to satisfy my craving.I usually eat at Fresca, but when I discovered Limon, I had to give em a try- and I'm so happy I did! Our usual order consists of:-Ceviche de Pescado-Lomito Saltado-Empanadas (a few of each!)-Arroz con mariscos-Quarter chicken (dark meat)Oh and the pisco sours! Just keep those comin! Everything was really good! My favorite is definitely the arroz con mariscos and the ceviche. It's a very casual spot- and totally perfect for dropping in for a pisco (or two!) and a snack. The service is fast, the staff is friendly, and the food is great and always consistent!
Oh Limn, you've secured a place in my heart for years. I've been coming to Limn for a long time now, and they still serve the best chicken around. It's incredibly flavorful and tender. Pair it up with the sauces and a side of sweet potato fries, and you've got one of the best meals in the city. I've also tried the lomo saltado which is amazing. I'm not a huge fan of the yuca fries or the Tacu Tacu but they are pretty popular amongst a lot of customers. Drinks wise, I would go with a pisco sour or the sangria. Both are great options. Dinner can get really packed, but if you come for lunch you are guaranteed a table. Limn, you are my favorite.
Let me first off say that - when you make a reservation at a restaurant - and arrive on time with your full party, you do not expect to have to wait an hour before being seated. When I arrived, several individuals came after me without a reservation and they were told the wait was an hour and a half and that's pretty much how long my group waited, with a reservation. That totally defeats the purpose of having to make a reservation. Our server told us that this is normal for Limon - but I really have to say that in no restaurant is this ok. There should be a system in place that ensures that those with a reservation are seated before those that do not. Needless to say, we complained about this. That being said - our server did apologize for the long wait, said that he would get his manager to speak with us, and would rush our order (it was almost 9pm when we were seated when our reservation was at 7:45pm and we had plans after - this really was wasteful of our time and it was upsetting). True to his word, the moment we ordered - it was like the food appeared in front of us instantly. The service was incredibly fast (less than 10 minutes) and I almost want to say that we waited longer than we actually ate there. The food was in fact, really great - we had a whole rotisserie chicken (very tender with great usage of herbs), sweet potato fries (crispy, salted appropriately to bring out the flavor), tacu tacu (rice and beans in almost a mash form, a little salty, but I really enjoyed it), empanadas, and lengua (beautiful presentation, maybe 3 -4 pieces so a little expensive for what you get, but worth a try imo). It doesn't seem like a lot, but it actually put everyone (table of 5) in a comfortable spot. The sangria is also complements the food wonderfully and has little chopped fruit in it. Once we started eating, it was easy to forget why we had been upset in the first place (I'm sure this was a previously concocted plan by the manager - very smart haha). We actually never spoke to him/her, BUT the manager did treat us to some desserts to make up for the time that we waited (mango panna cotta and what seemed like chocolate ice cream in a sundae type cup). I would have loved to give Limon a higher rating - but I already think that 3 is pushing it - the wait was a really terrible start, but I do like that staff tried to make the experience better for unhappy customers. I think that effort does go a long way - but it doesn't justify that kind of wait with a reservation. I would love to try Limon again - as they definitely have a lot to offer - but I just hope I won't run into the same issue!
Limn has those good food vibes. It's a little loud inside, but the food is amazing. I'd recommend getting a couple dishes and sharing them - definitely include the chicken. In case the restaurant name didn't convince you already. Tip #1: Delicious melt-in-you-mouth devour-inducing chicken. Tip #2: Make a reservation. There's usually a wait. Tip #3: There's another location about a mile away on Valencia! Don't accidentally send your friend to the wrong Limn...Overall: Although the atmosphere is a little hectic--loud and bustling--it adds to the rustic and homely atmosphere of the place.
Wednesday, 7:30 PM. Quickie:+ Food quality+ Service+ Cleanliness- Slow turnaround+ LayoutAnd then...?Limn Rotisserie has a strong Peruvian game. The menu here depicts an interesting angle on Latin American cuisine. **********Stuffed my face in:1. Truffle mac and cheese   + Creamy truffle, yum!2. Pollo empanadas   + Capers prevented chicken from being too dry. 3. "Lominto" saltado   + Served with fries but get this with rice. 4. Chincha morada   + Tart and not too sweet. Constructive comments:*Do you compost?*Source ingredients
Really like this place. Great Peruvian rotisserie. Their chicken is pretty amazing, as well as the other dishes. I normally go there with a large group so we get a menu for groups which brings a bunch of different types of food. Beware of long wait if you don't have a reservation though. Other than that highly recommended for meats (not sure about fish / ceviche)!
The worst experience of my life it was my birthday and to be completely honest we were targeted and the service was absolutely horrible. I can see why the third street limon was shut down. I remember limon being a go to restaurant but after tonight with the service it is not going to last long. Do yourself a favor don't waste your time here and go to cha cha Chas. To be honest KFC or el pollo loco won't reject or discriminate on you. For the amount of time I waited and the special night of my birthday with friends I was embarrassed and ridiculed. DO NOT COME HERE PLEASE
My group of friends took me here for a "surprise" birthday dinner. It is a place I had always thought about going to but just never made it out. Never have I ever had Peruvian food, but boy am I happy that I did.I'll save you some reading time and sum up my overall experience like this: every time I picked up something new on the table and put it in my mouth it was basically like crack. If you've ever seen that one episode in Master of None (the one where they go to Nashville and get BBQ), and Aziz Ansari's character is like "Mmm, this is really good" *takes bite of another thing* "MMM! This is really good too!!" - that was basically me.Take away from the night: sangria is on point - very sweet, but not overbearing. Crispy chicken (not the one they are famous for, but the other one) is BOMB AF. Get it. Yes, get it. Yuca fries are good too but what makes the dish extra worth is the flight of dipping sauces you can get with it. I was just dipping everything on the table into each one of those sauces. On to the service. I really appreciate what the staff did this night considering the difficult circumstances. Our group had a reservation at 8:30 PM. We were hoping to be seated and start eating shortly after that. Unfortunately, the table that was assigned to be ours was occupied by another large group who had (according to the waitress) been there since 6PM. By the time 9PM swung around, the group was still there and refused to move. The staff at Limon tried their best to prompt the table to leave (bringing the check, cleaning the table, etc) but said that the group refused to. By 9:30, my group was getting a bit antsy as we had another event to attend by 10:30 and we still were crowded around the bar, waiting for our table we had reserved. Finally, when the other group did leave, the staff immediately turned our table around and brought the food out within minutes. They also offered us complimentary glasses of sangria and remained attentive throughout the night. I definitely think that they did the best they could and stayed professional despite the situation.
I've been here 3 times and I will continue coming back! I've ordered the 'pollo a la brasa' plate every time. 4 pieces of amazing seasoned chicken, 3 killer sauces, 2 sides -sweet potato fries and tacu tacu (rice n beans). Out of this WORLD flavor permeating every bite. Feeds 2 well. Red Sangria is better than White in my opinion but both are delicious. Tried the Veggies Empanadas once - they are good but the meat is the real speciality here.Tres Leches. Oh my god. A must-try. Seriously if you appreciate dessert, do yourself a favor and try the tres leches! Make a reservation for the weekend - bar seating is inconsistent, although we got lucky last time. Limon Rotisserie, keep the good times rolling!
I've been coming to this place since it opened and their menu has evolved a bit but all the classics are still as delicious as ever. I like going to Limon as an alternative to Spanish tapas, they're small plates a great for sharing and everything tastes very fresh. I recommend the Chicharron de Poll (crispy chicken) it's very addictive. Always get the Yuca fries ( I live dipping them in the Aji sauces which you have to order separately) The ceviches are all great as well try fresh and well marinated, I recommend the Leche de Tigre which comes with mixed seafood and is spicy. Sangria is great as well fresh fruit flavor and doesn't give you a headache. This is a great place for large groups, they offs pre-set menus for parties over 10. The have a corkage fee and a cake cutting fee( $2 per plate)
OMG! Amazing! I have been meaning to eat at this place, and finally got the chance. My friend and I came to have a nice dinner and catch up after so long. We got the empanadas de vegetables, cevice de pesacado, arroz con mariscos, lychee martini. All were spot on!The service was amazing, the treated us like queens:) I had just gotten back from Miami, and this place reminded of an awesome, sexy place to have South American dinner in Miami. Love Miami, and love that food....so love, loved this place.I will be back, and so should you:)
I absolutely love Peruvian food and was excited to try this place out. We ordered the half chicken (four pieces), Ceviche Mixto, a side of mixed rice and beans, and sweet potato fries. The ceviche was pretty good - what you would normally expect ceviche to taste like. My favorite was definitely the rice and beans with the onion - I couldn't get enough. I'm a huge fry person and the sweet potato fries were perfect. My only complaint is the chicken was a bit too dry for me. I had to wash it down with water.I'm giving this place three stars because the service was terrible. Our waiter came to us only to take our order and drop off the food. We had to flag him down any time we needed anything else and the check. The place we a bit busy but it's not so big that it should've taken away from the customer service. Good place to eat but nothing that I am dying to go back to.
Friday night, reservations made, seated right away downstairs. Waiters were very attentive, but there weren't many people around so that may be why. Food came super fast, but also left super fast too, meaning they were quick to clear our table.Half chicken ($15.95) - Great taste, especially with the 3 sauces they give you. Not dry at all. Also comes with 2 sides. I recommend the yuca fries and the regular fries (I like fries). They were also delicious with the sauces.Ceviche Mixto ($13.95) - never had ceviche before...is it always this sour? It wasn't bad, but I guess I'm not used to the taste. Wasn't fishy at all and if it is supposed to be sour, I guess it was pretty good.Truffle Mac and Cheese ($8.95) - YUM. Get this. Wasn't too heavy but still had the same guilty mac and cheese feeling, which means it's delicious. Very good. Restaurant itself is pretty dark, I guess for the ambiance. Good for date night. Would come again!
Alas, I finally tried Limon Rotisserie!I'm not a huge fan of ordering chicken at a restaurant because it's such a simple and occasionally bland protein. However, Limon cooks theirs nicely, at least for the skin's seasoning. The crispy skin was delicious, salty with a hint of smokey flavor. For the meat itself, dark was very most and white a tad bit dry. But that's when Limon's sauces come in; with the choice of four different sauces, you're bound to find one you like -- aji amarillo huacatay (yellow chili pepper and herb), aji amarillo mustard (yellow chili pepper and mustard), spicy rocoto molido (red hot chili pepper), or chimichurri (chopped parsley and oil).With the chicken entrees, you also get two sides. We opted for the tacu-tacu, which is sauted rice and beans, and the sweet potato fries. The rice was very moist and mild, but a bit mushy. And the sweet potato fries were just okay. Portion-wise, Limon's chicken is the best value on their menu, and perfect for sharing too.Another Peruvian staple is Lomo Saltado: sauted beef, onions, tomatoes, and fries in a soy sauce-vinegar-spices blend. But Limon calls their version "Lomito" instead, as it's a smaller portion and without the side of rice. The beef cubes here were a little too chewy, and the fries were obviously too mushy from soaking in the sauce. But the sauce itself was delicious, salty and a hint of tart.Service was quick, as food arrived within five minutes of ordering. The restaurant isn't that large, but there are two other Limon's in the city: another one in the Mission and one in Bayview. Limon gets busy quickly, so prepare for a long wait during peak lunch/dinner hours; otherwise, make reservations ahead of time.
I've eaten here once or twice but generally get it to go. We usually order the lomo saltado, truffle Mac n cheese and half order of chicken with sides of rice. The food was okay.. Lomo tends to be dry and not tender. I've had better lomo../ the chicken is pretty good with the truffle Mac n cheese. Don't save the truffle Mac n cheese for the day after because once microwaved it becomes very oily and not cheesy lol. Probably fromThe truffle and type of cheese they use . Service isn't the best there.. Waited over almost an hour even with reservations wtf
My group of friends, being spur-of-the-moment types, decided to hit up Limon without a reservation. What we were told would be a "30-minute wait at most" ballooned into almost an hour. Perhaps our hostess was overly optimistic, but twice she told us that our table would be ready after some table was done paying, only to have that not pan out. (What is going onnnn??)So yeah, don't be like this group of dudes that decides on things at the last minute.Once we'd ordered though, the food came really quickly. And everything was seriously ah-mazing! We had:Whole Rotisserie Chicken ($23.95) - 4 stars:Came with three types of sauces which were all great. The chicken was flavorful and not dry. This also comes with two sides; we chose the salad and tacu tacu (sauteed rice and beans which are mixed together and quite tasty!).Lomito Saltado ($13.95) - 4.5 stars:Stir-fried sirloin strips, onions, tomatoes and French fries. Everything was sauteed well and the sirloin was flavorful though just a bit tough. The fries were mixed into the dish but were not soggy.Champinones ($10.25) - 5 stars:An excellent dish with sauteed mushrooms, onions and garlic. The mushrooms were firm and cooked perfectly!Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron ($13.95) - 5 stars:Fish and shrimp ceviche. The fish was raw and marinated in lemon, which means maximum flavor! Came with garlic and corn garnishings.Taro Chips ($4) - 4 stars:Yum! Perfect as a delivery mechanism for ceviche.Chicha Morada ($4) - 3.5 stars:Purple corn-based drink not made in house; poured from a bottle. It was decent, but tasted like any other fruity tea. I did like how the waiter flipped the bottle in the air to shake it up before pouring it for me.Limon's portion sizes ventured on the small side, but the food to dollar ratio was pretty typical compared to other places in the Mission. Overall, this place is a definite crowd pleaser!
Peru is a country I'd visit again just for dinner (except I'd skip the Cuy next time). Saltados, Ceviches, and Rotisserie Chickens are just the tip of that culinary iceberg but damn is it a tasty tip.I was deep in a craving some Pollo a la Brasa the other weekend when I realized that I don't live in LA anymore. While Limn doesn't quite live up to those amazing, rated C by the health board flavors of my favorite shack on Western, the food is solid and good quality. Half a chicken with the yucca and tacu tacu (that's some tasty rice and beans) was just enough for the two of us. Definitely going to go back.
We have been going to this place for several years. I have to say that every time we go, we are never disappointed. It is actually pretty rare when a restaurant manages to keep everything so consistent. Their staff has changed multiple times but still everybody is very good and nice. One of the best places in the city.
A real staple in SF's eat-out scene, 20 years of history shows in the restaurant's popularity and efficiency. As demand and franchise grow, you inevitably lose a few things along the way, while picking up a few hints. Rotisserie chicken once wasn't the hallmark of Limon, if ya can believe it. Cutting to the chase, the food is good. The chicken is right up there with Roli Roti as some of premier rotisserie chicken around town. But it's one of those things that by its nature has a glass ceiling ya know? The rest of the offerings aren't the best Peruvian around town. But you count in consistency, ambiance, and a household name and Limon justifies it very well.All that said, it is pricey for what it is. Demand and supply, and money speaks. Assure yourself knowing lines would be even longer were it any cheaper.
Limn que delicia verdadera. Per recommendation, a friend and I decided to try Limon Rotisserie. The menu was quite interesting, I felt as if I had too many great options to choose from. Being that it was my first time, I decided to try a popular Peruvian dish which was the Lomo Saltado. Delicious. The service and food was great. I would definitely recommend and hope to return soon.
Three of us went here for dinner Friday evening. When I checked in, the hostess listed us as a party of four with a reservation of 8:45 p.m., not 8:30 p.m. as I requested using OpenTable. We were not seated until 9 p.m. so we had a long wait.But once we got a table, everything went smoothly. The servers were very good - attentive and prompt.I had a small hot plate of chicken bits with fries drizzled with an excellent aioli sauce and the meal was very good.My two friends split an octopus appetizer, a whole fried snapper and a small plate of fried shrimp, calamari and fish which came with a very good dipping sauce.Except for the reservation foul-up, we had a good meal and a good time.
We had a reservation on Saturday night, but had to wait about 30 minutes longer until our table was ready. Pisco sour is great. The bartender was so nice and personable. Our server was not nice, was impatient and unattentive. Yucca fries. They are just ok. Sweet potatoes were great. Saut veggies- pretty standard. Ceviche mixto- decent but with really large chunks of seafood (shrimp, fish and calamari)Beet salad - well dressed and fresh Roasted chicken - white meat is amazing! SO JUICY and tender. Lomito saltado- medium rare. So tasty. One of my favorites. I even like the regular fries underneath. Perfectly cooked. Jalea - pretty much is like calamari. It's good Truffle mac - yum!Alfajores- must get for dessert!
If you enjoy Peruvian food, you must come here!!!!!!!!Pisco Sour is most authentic/delicious I ever had outside of Peru. Same goes for their Lomo Saltado, Carne Empanadas, and Steak.  Their maracuya sour is also very good! Reminded me of the Peruvian Amazon jungle.Such a fun, hip atmosphere, too.Please, come try this place just once, and you will fall in love with the food forever.
Spectacular meal. The Pisco Sour was perfection. My husband and I split the ceviche and a chicken plate, which were both delicious. Will definitely go back!
This is a great place for last minute reservations for large groups. The restaurant has a downstairs seating area that seems to be popular for group birthday celebrations. I hosted a group of 9 people for my boyfriend's birthday party last year, and they were nice enough to let me decorate the table with silly straws, napkins, and hats an hour prior to our reservation. As for the food, the chicken (dark meat) was moist and flavorful. I loved all three sauces that came with it and dipped everything we ordered in them constantly. For some reason I wasn't in love with the meat in the lomo saltado but was strangely addicted to the veggies that came with it. The yucca fries and sweet potato fries were also delicious as all fried foods should be. The only dish I really disliked was the ceviche. It was too sour for my palette.
Second time back and just as good as I remember! My daughter ate a fortune in the chicken, sweet potato fries and yucca fries. It's so nice to be able to take her to places and she can just eat whatever the rest of the party is having for dinner.I had the pulpo, empanadas (steak and veggie), chicken, rice bean thing, and ceviche. It's better with a group so you can try a bunch of food without getting stuffed.
This place is really good. I want to eat here again! The GF and I ordered the Pollo A Las Brasa which came with a quarter chicken and two sides. The sides we chose were rice and sweet potato fries. We also ordered a veggie empanada and of course, the truffle mac and cheese. The food came out in a decent amount of time. However, they did forget to give us any of the sauces that were included in the order. We had to ask the server. When our server brought the sauces to our table, he did not tell us what the three different types of sauces were. The empanada was unsatisfying. The peas inside were so strange. It was simply too plain and not worth the price. The truffle mac and cheese was definitely the star of the night. It was rich and flavorful, and the pasta was cooked perfectly. The chicken was moist and fell right off the bone. The sauces complimented the dish well. The sweet potato fries were crisp and fresh. Nom. This place is definitely worth trying. I will be back!
We randomly stumbled upon this place on a Friday night with a group of four. We had the best table without reservation, upstairs looking over the kitchen. Everything we ordered turned out perfect: the chicken and the sides, ceviche, the meat. Oh their specialty sour drinks were amazing.
We love Limon! It's delicious, healthy, and pretty inexpensive.My husband and I head to Limon when we're craving a healthy yet super flavorful meal! Our go to meal is the half rotisserie chicken (or whole chicken, if we want leftovers to take home) with the vegetales salteados (sauted veggies) and ensalada (mixed greens with beets, cucumbers, and carrots).It's pretty cheap - about $15 for the half chicken meal for two, and $30 for a whole chicken meal that will feed 3-4 (depending on how hungry you are).Quick, friendly service, and a cool, trendy vibe are also plus points.Limon is awesome.
1. the waiter was rude and in a hurry.2. the portion sizes are incredibly SMALL. One quarter chicken and 2 sides of fried yuca should be listed under appetizers. Terribly small. 3. I complained to the manager (Roberto O.) about the size portions and he YELLED at me and told me I could leave. After I pressed further about my discontent and left the restaurant, the manager came after me and SCREAMED "go back to Peru!!"4. As a Peruvian, if you want REAL peruvian food, please don't go there. Not an accurate rendition of Peruvian food. Also, the ceviche is NOT good. Peruvians will agree that it is not. 4. Very, very loud place. The complete opposite of cozy.PS. I never review on Yelp, but I feel so appalled by the way I was treated at this restaurant that I feel like I need to warn everyone.
We discovered lmon a few months ago and since then have been coming back every now and then because we LOVE the place! As soon as you walk in the door you can smell the amazing food and I love how you can see the chicken on the rotisserie. The dips for the chicken and the sides (we love the sweet potato fries) are delicious. We also like to order the different types of empanadas and share. A pitcher of red sangria is always great too! The only downfall is the restaurant is kind of crammed and it's a tight squeeze. We brought some friends to lmon and got a super small table which made it hard to fit all the food we ordered.
This place is still good! I haven't been here for a few years and was in the neighborhood (Urban Putt)Get the sangria for sure! Delicious, including the fruits!Pros:Ceviche Mixto: fresh and flavorfulShort Ribs: Tender and soft and full of flavor, but it can be a bit too oilyChicken with the yucca fries and salad sides: All were seasoned well! The chicken was soft and tender. Plus their dips (3 of them) for the chicken were yummy!Wait time: I had made reservations online at 6pm, got there 20 minutes before my reservation time and was seated within 5 minutes even though there were people waiting ahead of me.
Ok. Went with a group and left with mixed reviews. Some of the dishes were really tasty, but others were lack luster. We sat in a downstairs area - this restaurant is super huge - and we felt a little like we were given the B section. Service was also just ok.
Absolutely delicious food and I had a wonderful experience here. Made reservations at 8pm, came here 20 mins earlier, and we were still instantly seated, given that there were others waiting. Food: - they're famous for their rotisserie chicken, so yes do get that! You get two sides with that and I recommend the yuca fries. It comes with only 4 pieces unfortunately, but those were really good. You get 3 sauces to eat with your chicken and basically everything else you order. - TRUFFLE MAC N CHEESE, yes order that. I am a big fan of mac n cheese and this place is off the hook! It wasn't too heavy and you taste the delicious truffle oil.- lomito saltado was okay to me, their steak was a bit chewy and dried out after sitting out for a bitDranks:- Divina Passion - if you like passionfruit, and the tart aftertaste, you will enjoy this drink- Pisco Sour - really delicious! I tried their lychee one too, but that didn't have as much of a lychee kick as I would like. All in all, make reservations, perfect for a date night, I highly recommend it!
If this place didn't have such great food, I would be complaining. Friends and I were super tired from a long day in SF and were dying for a nice meal. When putting our name down, we were told that the wait would be 25-30 min. Which is borderline long, but still wait-able. We didn't get seated until it was close to an hour. The hostess that took our name didn't seem like this gross under estimate of our wait-time was that huge of a deal. I understand that it's a popular restaurant that isn't too big, but I would like an accurate eta to our seats. Once seated, we ordered immediately. Our waiter was very friendly, despite the lack of concern from our hostesses. The ceviche was absolutely amazing - the flavoring and the quality of the fish were perfect. We also got two dishes with beef. The saltado is a staple in Peruvian food and this place didn't disappoint. The meat was tender and the fries, dripping in oil and amazing sauce. The other beef dish was a bit drier but also had a great flavor. For the chicken, we were a bit hesitant to order this at first, afraid that it would be dry. However, every yelp review raved about the chicken and its glory. They were right. The chicken was so thick, juicy and tasty. There are sauces that come with the order, but the chicken also tastes great on its own. It comes with two sides. We got the yucca fries and the taku taku beans and lentils. We didn't expect much from the taku taku, but also we decided to go on the reviews from yelp. Also again, yelp reviewers were correct and the lentils were a winner. To go with dinner, we also ordered a pitcher of the white sangria, which was also delicious like the food. I didn't get a chance to see the downstairs, but the upstairs portion was classy and open. I liked the casual/relaxed yet up-scale feel (contradictory I know, but I don't know how else to describe it).Every dish was amazing and I'm so glad we waited it out. The service here is not the best, but it's worth the food.Ambiance: 4/5Food and drink: 5/5Service: 2/5Overall Experience: 3.75/5
I visited this location on a Friday night after making reservations for four people. They need the entire party to be present before seating. They were able to seat us after 10 minutes and led us down to the larger, downstairs room (which was packed on a Friday night). The atmosphere at this restaurant is lively and upbeat. Due to the high volume of customers, it took a while for our waiter to make his way to our table. We were wondering if they had forgotten about us, but it wasn't a deal-breaker since the food comes out rather quickly. For a table of four, we ordered:1. One pitcher of red sangria - This served about 8 - 10 glasses. The sangria was tasty (not too sweet and doesn't taste like straight-up wine)!2. Two whole chickens - The chicken met my expectations. I usually frequent smaller and more casual Peruvian chicken locations where I get more of an authentic feel. This chicken was on the same level of taste, if "classed up" a bit. 3. Four sides (which come with the chicken- 2 sides per chicken) - We selected 2 orders of tacu-tacu (favorite side - addicting), yuca fries (on point), and sweet potato fries (typical sweet potato fries). 4. Ceviche Mixto - This was very satisfying because I love ceviche! I wasn't a big fan of the corn, nuts, and random sweet potato paste. However, the dish had enough acidity without being too overbearing. Overall, would recommend!This amount of food was just what we needed (maybe even bordering 'too much')!I really enjoyed the experience! Although I know I can get just about the same food for a cheaper price at a more casual Peruvian chicken location (minus the ceviche and sangria), I would come here again with friends for the sit-down, classier atmosphere.
Been coming here for about two years now and they are starting to decline badly.Tacu tacu got me and my wife so sick last night!
You can't go wrong with peruvian food, especially at limon. I've been to both location and the food is delicious! The rotisserie chicken is what everyone raves about but being a pescatarian I opt out..although it smells so good and looks very tempting the seafood makes me content. They're always busy so make sure to make reservation beforehand!! The ceviche mixto is a must, yukka fries, seafood paella, grilled octopus and their piscos sour is my fav!! The jalea is ok..fried seafood is always tasty but you can get fried food anywhere.
Great place for people who have people who have peanut allergies. But note that the desserts have nuts. Everything thing we got was really tasty and the chicken was perfect.
Want to feast? Limon's the place to go.Empanadas, whole chickens, ceviche, and papas fritas (french fries for the gringos) all make for a stellar meal. Everything is seasoned quite well, and the sauces/spices are excellent. Note that things can get a little pricy here, so make sure you're prepared.
This place is one of those old-time San Francisco staples that doesn't seem to get a whole lot of love or attention as the new restaurants, but it's consistently good and reasonably priced. My parents were born in Peru and lived there until their 20's, and really love the food here and think it's one of the better Peruvian restaurants in the Bay Area so you can use that as a baseline for comparison. I also grew up eating homemade Peruvian food and also dined at some of the other Peruvian places in the city (Fresca, Cholo Soy) and this one is my go-to, especially for the rotisserie chicken.Come with a group of 3-4 people and share a bunch of plates so that you can try a little bit of everything. Pollo a la Brasa - You can get a whole, half, or quarter of a rotisserie chicken - they come with 2 sides and 3 different kind of sauces that are all delicious. They are known for their chicken and it's well-marinated, seasoned, and juicy, so don't leave without trying this.For the sides, the yuca fries are delicious but the portion is a bit small (4 pieces) and will probably have you wanting more. Yuca is similar to a potato but starchier - the yuca fries here are done really well and crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The sweet potato fries are also delicious and highly recommended but not anything different than sweet potato fries you can get elsewhere or at a burger joint. The vegetales salteados is a good, healthy option for a side with a mixture of vegetables (onions, zucchini, peppers)Ceviche Mixto - With fish, calamari, and shrimp, this is a typical Peruvian dish. The fish is raw and cured / marinated in lime. Champignones (Mushrooms) - I really liked these mushrooms - they were in a sauce that is a bit on the stronger side, and it overpowers the mushroom taste. But the sauce is actually pretty tasty, not salty, and goes well with the mushrooms, so I actually liked this dish. Otherwise I could just go to the store and sautee mushrooms myself.Empanadas - These are deep fried and just okay; the proportion of bread to meat / filling is off, and it's a bit heavy on the bread. Save your money and get El Porteno or El Sur empanadas instead of these.The food comes pretty quickly, it's tasty, and reasonably priced. A lunch for 3 people was around $20 per person including tip and tax (no alcohol). I've come here multiple times and will keep coming back. Not too fancy of a restaurant, and a lot of food options. If you keep a paleo, low-carb diet, this place will have enough choices for you to find something.
The yuca fries were delicious! Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The ceviche was great too; I loved the whole garlic cloves in it. The rotisserie chicken was alright; I think it was a bit dry actually. The beef tongue was delicious as well, and the empanadas were good. Make sure you try the sauces that may come with your dishes.
I had enjoyed this place when I went here a couple years ago and since my wife had some friends in town who were craving ceviche, we thought this would be a great place for dinner. The four of us ordered a half of a rotisserie chicken with yuca fries and the beans/rice, the ceviche de camaron y pescado, the chicharron de pollo, the lomo saltado, and the truffle mac and cheese.The chicken was a winner, just as I remembered it. The pieces were a bit small, but they were tender and tasty with the dipping sauces making it even more delicious! I really enjoyed the sides we ordered- the yuca fries were crispy outside and fluffy inside and the tacu tacu (rice/bean mix) was great as well. I just wish the portion of the yuca fries (4 pieces) was a little larger.The seafood in our ceviche was fresh and I liked how the flavors were much more balanced (not super tangy) than the ceviche we had at Fresca a few weeks back. The chicharron de pollo and lomo saltado were solid as well. Mac and cheese was alright- I wish it had a bit more of the truffle taste.All in all, a solid meal. Nice clean and modern space, friendly service and solid food!
Arrived for a birthday party of 10 people. The wait exceeded an hour and 15 minutes as the Hostess sat 3 other large parties before the birthday girl had to speak up. Prices look fairly expensive, although I haven't tried the food, which could definitely be worth it, but clearly there is an issue with their booking/reservation process. I probably won't visit again.
Wow! Heard about this place from a few people and have been wanting to go. Spent a great day in Sonoma, slept in a treehouse in Petaluma (oh yes we did!) and finished with Limon in the city for an early dinner. Couldn't ask for a better ending. Absolutely amazing! From the food, to the drinks and services. Bf and I did family style and ordered half of their finger licking good rotisserie chicken. Tender and flavorful! Ceviche de Pascado - great portion of red snapper, fresh and not overwhelmingly citrusy. Carne a la parilla - cooked perfectly medium. The red wine & demi glaze sauce was not dominant but instead complimented the steak, green beans and Yukon potatoes very well. Can I now talk about their dessert and drinks?!?Mango Panna cotta! Must have! I could have devour that dessert all to myself. Sneaky Limon - bartender made it great here! Similar to Pisco sour but made with Whiskey. Well balanced with a perfect amount of egg white. El Cholo Lindo - warning! It's a creeper! Delicious but could have been better chilled. Block of ice didn't do the job well. One of the top spots on my list!
Sat at the bar in the basement for a good ten minutes waiting to order with out the bar tender saying anything to me. I guess the girls at the bar were more interesting. I then went upstairs to the other bar and that bar tender was fairly rude and short. My food came out very quickly, which was great. I had the camaron and fish ceviche, which was pretty good. I also had the rotisserie chicken, which I also enjoyed. The dipping sauces were a little disappointing, not as tasty as the other Peruvian rotisserie spot (hole in the wall in DC) that I have been to. The side salad was very weak, but the vegetables were good. I was also annoyed to find out when I went to pay my check that they do not accept checks. Overall I am disappointed. The food was pretty good, but not good enough to persuade me to come back instead of trying something else new. Not to mention that the staff, specifically the bar tenders, were rude.
I came here with my fiance and one of her friends, this was my first time here and back in l.a. I have gone to tons of Peruvian spots and had plenty of Peruvian friends that their family have cooked for me and was delicious.Plus point for having chicha and chicha morada, however I wasn't sure if this Peruvian spot was that authentic. We had the chicken with juca fries and sweet potato fries, we got the leche de tigre,the truffled Mac and cheese, the Peruvian "paella", and veggie empanadas.The chicken was good nothing to rave about, typical Peruvian rotisserie that went great with The crema de aji'.The leche de tigre was probably the best thing of my meal it truly was amazing I couldn't get enough of it.Surprisingly the Mac and cheese was also really good even though they make you wonder why do they serve Mac and cheese at a Peruvian restaurant. The Peruvian"paella" definitely could have gone without, nothing special, We should've got lomo saltado in my opinion but the ladies at my table wanted the paella. The empanada was good and the crust was flakyAnyways portions were small and aside from The leche De tigre and the chicken i didn't see a lot of value, slightly sad that they had dishes that aren't really Peruvian dishes and they missed dishes such as papas a la huancaina. Especially when it comes to desserts, where are the alfajores? Suspiro de limena? Picarones?mazamorra morada?crema volteada?All they had on their menu was just some random desserts that aren't associated with Peruvian cusine.Would I recommend this place Mmmm sure but only if you had authentic Peruvian cusine before and don't mind their hipster take on it. I will be back for the leche de tigre however I will find an authentic Peruvian place where grandma is in the back bringing me a slice of Peru.
Food was very tasty but the portions are small! The drink menu is more extensive than the food portion of the menu. It's a cute place, probably nice for a date.
This is the worst Limon in the city. They should be embarrassed to operate under this great rotisserie chicken chain. Unprofessional, rude, and atrocious are several adjectives I would use to describe this Limon. I would rather go to a fast food chicken chain than support this awful establishment. I was disgusted with the way both myself and my party was treated, if you want to have fun at a birthday celebration this Limon is not for you.
The food is great here, and drinks are great as well. They have three locations in SF, and they all are pretty spacious and great for groups. They take reservations as well and don't seem to ever be too packed. I liked everything that I ordered here - rotisserie chicken, sangria, lomo saltado, ceviche, mac and cheese... everything is great!!
Took the wife on a date and picked this place. At first I was nervous because I heard the Valencia location is better. We had a good time.Great ceviche. Food was good, service was ok. Empanadas were ok.
Both the food and service were very good. I had the Lomo Saltado, which was pretty good. My date had the pulpo and ceviche, and liked both, though not quite at the tops for Peruvian, I'd certain come back again. We had the passion fruit and lychee sours, respectively, both were excellent.
Service was nice. Food was solid but the chicken was lacking meat. Flavored for almost all dishes was good though. Our Mac n cheese was basically room temperature though.
Even before I started Yelping, Limn had long been on my list of restaurants to try. It may not be the best restaurant SF has to offer, but I've been wanting to try them ever since I saw them on Check Please! Bay Area. In fact, they were actually the first restaurant I ever saw on the show!Although I actually tried the Limn on Valencia about a year ago, I never wrote a review because our meal wasn't off the regular menu (we had a prix fixed menu for my friend's birthday). However, what I had was good enough to make me want to come back to write a proper review, even if I actually came to this location instead.Compared to the one on Valencia, this location has a darker and cozier sort of feel. Great for a date, but perhaps it was a little too "cozy" during our meal (more on that later). Still, the menu is exactly the same and the food was just as good.-- LYCHEE SOUR - Lychee Infused Pisco Porton, Fresh Citrus, Homemade Syrup, Egg Whites and Drops of Peychauds Bitters...$10(yelp.com/biz_photos/lim)I may not have had a lot of lychee sours in my life, but I know a tasty cocktail when I try one. And this one, I liked. The drink had a decent pour of alcohol while still maintaining a nice balance of sweetness and "sour".-- CEVICHE MIXTO - Fish, Calamari & Tiger Shrimp...$12.95(yelp.com/biz_photos/lim)A fine rendition of a pretty classic ceviche that, pleasantly, wasn't too acidic. The chunks of fish were the best part, but as much as I liked them, I can't say the dish was particularly amazing either. Not bad, just not amazing.-- CARNE EMPANADA - Hand-Cut Top Sirloin, Sauteed Onions, Hard Boiled Eggs, Olives & Raisins...$7.95(yelp.com/biz_photos/lim)Now THESE are some legit and tasty empanadas (unlike El Porteo's...). The crust was perfectly golden and there was a good amount of meat/filling, which was quite savory (albeit a little salty). A great starter, though the chicken one seems more popular.-- "LOMITO" SALTADO - Stir-Fried Sirloin Strips, Onions, Tomato, Soy Sauce, & French Fries...$12.95(yelp.com/biz_photos/lim)I guess it's "lomito" because it didn't come with rice, but it still tasted the part. The strips of beef were really tender and I liked the overall flavors and french fries. It was a bit salty at the bottom, but it was still a pretty solid dish.-- POLLO A LA BRASA - Marinated Free-Range Rotisserie Chicken with "Aji" sauces and Choice of Two Sides - Yuca Fries and Tacu-Tacu (Sauteed Rice & Beans)...$13.95 (half)(yelp.com/biz_photos/lim)Surprise, surprise...their signature dish was our favorite. The breast portion was a touch dry, but the rest of the chicken was really moist. Plus, the marinade was delicious! As for the sides, both were great; the Yuca Fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside while the Tacu Tacu was delicious yet simple.As for the restaurant's "cozy" confines, it would have been fine if we were seated elsewhere. However, being that we were seated by the window next to the hostess stand, it was extremely annoying having people constantly standing and hovering around our table as they waited for theirs. I get that space is limited, but a waiting area would be nice, or at least for someone to move the crowd towards the bar.Still, despite that slight damper we had during our dining experience, it's safe to say that my friends and I still enjoyed our meal. Except for perhaps the ceviche mixto, all of our dishes were worth getting again. If/when I come back to Limn though, I might head to the Valencia location instead. Or just not sit anywhere near the front.
3.5 stars.A small Peruvian restaurant. There's a huge grill in the back where you can see the chefs cooking. My family came here for lunch on a Friday and were seated immediately.This place has a full bar and various cocktails like old fashioned and type of whiskey sour drink (Pisco Sour).  I enjoyed the old fashioned and it was pretty solid.Whole chicken - $26 - decent, 3.5/5The whole chicken was enjoyable but it wasn't amazing. While moist & tender, it felt like it was missing something. It comes w/ 3 dipping sauces which were really good. The outside has a nice char to it. Comes w/ 2 sides (we picked Tacu Tacu (rice/beans) and Fries; both of these items tasted whatever).Lomito Saltado - pretty good 4/5The meat was pretty good. Also moist & tender. I wish they gave more rice tho.Lengua a la Parilla (beef tongue) - average 3.5/5Same as above, the tongue enjoyable. Moist & tender.Steak empanadas - average 3/5Enjoyable but nothing memorable.TIPS:-Dishes are kind of small.
Horrible service went to celebrate friends bday and waiter was very slow never brought us water or our second round of drinks i'm appuald that being hispanic I felt I was discriminated agaisnt when this place is hispanic maybe if i had being white i would have been treated differently very disappointing experience do not recommend this place.
I have a bittersweet feeling about this place. As a Peruvian, I am super picky about legit Peruvian places and I actually found Limon pretty close to Peruvian food in Lima. I have been to this location a couple times and unfortunately, last time I was there, I had the worst service possible. I was with my boyfriend who had never tried Peruvian food in his life. We had lomo saltado, chicha, tacu tacu, and jalea. The waitress made a mistake and brought a whole chicken, so I told her I didn't order that. She talking on my back in Spanish (which I understand but she didn't know I did). Of course, I had to say something, and told her that this is probably the worst service I've ever had. DON'T TALK ON YOUR CUSTOMER'S BACK!Well, I still really like the food and have gone back too, but please be careful with what you say.
I haven't had Peruvian food since going to Peru last year, so I was extremely excited to try this place for my friend's birthday! We made reservations for a group of 12, and were seated when half of our party arrived. Initially I was very impressed due to the intimate ambiance. However, we weren't even given water as we waited 20-30 minutes for the rest of our group. We even asked the hostess but she just neglected our request. Service was mediocre. My boyfriend and I ordered the Ceviche Mixto, Quarter Dark Meat Chicken, and Lomito Saltado. The ceviche was alright but I didn't think the seafood was fresh enough. The lomito saltado (basically steak and fries) were decent but unfortunately they drenched it in so much soy sauce that it was really salty. If this dish was seasoned better, I would have enjoyed it a lot more since the steak was actually juicy and tender. My favorite would have to be the quarter chicken because the skin was crispy and the meat wasn't dry at all. It really reminded me of rotisserie chicken that I had in Peru! A must order if you come here! I was really disappointed they didn't have Chicha Morada (my favorite purple corn drink from Peru), but I ordered a Mango Lemonade and that was surprisingly refreshing! Overall the food is pretty good but due to the service and some mess ups here and there I must give this place 3-3.5 stars.TIP #1: The chicken comes with two sides!! - We ordered yuca fries and tuca tuca. BOTH which we do not recommend. Try the papas fritas instead, you'll probably enjoy them a lot more!TIP #2: This restaurant is family-style serving, meaning they intend for everyone to share the food so dishes are laid out in the center. You'll probably have to re-organize who ordered what afterwards.
I had dinner here on a Friday night. My reservations were at 8:30 PM, we got seated by 8:51 PM. It's a little loud and the specific location is a little shady, but overall it's a nice atmosphere.We ordered a full rotisserie chicken, the Aroz, the Yucca fries (to die for), the vegetarian empanadas for dinner and it was plenty with left over. For dessert, we had the banana bread putting and it was delicious. I think this is a great place for the price and I would highly recommend it for a date night or maybe a group of four. Please make reservations in advance and enjoy!!!!!
Came here for a friends birthday. We had a reservation so we didn't have to wait. However, it seemes like most people wait 15-30 mins to be seated.The service was lackluster as no one attempted to bring us water the whole time we were looking at the menu ( even after I reminded a hostess ). It wasn't until we decided to order that we got our glass of water. I ordered a "Ceviche Mixto", "Quarter chicken, dark meat", and "Lomito Saltado"The ceviche had an alright flavor, but the seafood wasn't quite fresh. The quarter leg chicken was good because it wasn't dry. The skin wasn't too crispy and it carried a good flavor. I understand the "Lomito Saltado" was made with soysauce, but it was way too salty for my palate. It simply overpowered all the other taste in the dish.Overall, the place had a nice dark ambience. Having gone to Peru before and trying Peruvian food, the chicken was the only thing that met its standard
My friend and I wanted to find Peruvian food and found this restaurant on Yelp. We didn't have reservation, but we got seated right away after arriving around noon on a Sunday. We got Carne Empanadas as appetizers and I ordered "Lomito" Saltado and my friend Carne a la Parilla. We got confused and ended up switching the plates... so I ended up eating the Carne, which ended up being great anyway. My friend said the same about the Lomo. The sauce was very tasty and I also liked the Chili pepper. The dishes came quickly.There are a few other dishes I'd like to have tried, so definitely want to come back.
PERFECT DATE PLACE.Ordered the ceviche, beef tongue, and chicken. Everything was super tasty! Ceviche was pretty unique - not only shrimp, but scallops and fish! The sauce complimented the texture of the seafood perfectly. The beef tongue and chicken are simply amazing -- it's a symphony of flavor in your mouth.For drinks, we ordered sangrias and cosmos, decently priced and they didn't water down the drinks!It's a really good atmosphere for what it is. Bill came around $40 per person, and its definitely a decent price. Wait was pretty good, I think we ended up waiting 10 minutes without a reservation for 2.
We were a party of five, and in the end we were kind of just laughing of the whole experience. Being sent to a table in the basement, where the surroundings weren't at all cozy as in the main restaurant, the downhill started quickly. The dishes seemed to be served when they were finished, not at all at the same time. Some dishes were forgotten, drink orders were forgotten and we ended up eating on shift, not sharing a meal. That being said, the tuna tartar were really good and my friends having chicken and sweet potato fries, said it was tasteful too. The groups should not be bigger than four, cause the restaurant was kind of noisy.I would not go there again.
I was in the mood for tapas and sangria so I made early dinner resis here for my first visit at any Limon locations. My bf and I came in around 6:30 and upon entrance the tables looked pretty filled, but the host took us downstairs to be seated where there were plenty additional tables. We were the only ones down there at the time which was a little weird at first cuz it felt kinda like a basement, but our server approached us quickly with water and took our order right away once we were ready. By then it slowly started to fill up.The fish and shrimp ceviche was the first to come out, which was very flavorful. It's a little different than what I'm used to since it wasn't all chopped up, but rather thinly cut slices of the fish and half slices of the shrimp. It was in a tangy/citrusy sauce that I really liked. A while after the rest of our order all came at once.Quarter dark meat chicken: the meat was moist and flavorful, comes with 3 dipping sauces but the chicken is tasty enough to eat alone too. Any portion size comes with 2 sides so we chose the tacu tacu and sauted veggies. The tacu tacu was the sauted rice with beans mixed in, it didn't really have any outstanding flavor, but it was a good side to eat with the chicken. Lomito Saltado: the stir-fried sirlon strips was probably one of our fave dishes. It was well marinated and too salty for me as other people mentioned it to be. I'd only want the meat to be a little more tender next time, but other than that it was very flavorful. I also asked to have the fries separated so that they didn't get soggyTruffle mac and cheese: this was very rich, creamy and decadent. The noodles were perfectly cooked so that the texture was just right. The serving size was pretty big for just the two of us...or maybe we were getting full but we had some left over.And lastly, we had a sangria each to wash it down. It's more on the cinnamon/nutmeg side, I wish it was a little stronger heh. The service was so-so. Our waiter was very friendly, but as it got filled up downstairs he checked on us less but there was always someone else making sure our waters were filled. It's also pretty loud downstairs as there are no windows so it's like the noise just bounces off the walls. I would recommend making reservations here esp around dinner time. I did enjoy it better than Fresca even though their portions here are a little smaller, but I would come back again when I'm craving tapas!
We are visiting from Hawaii and had a bad experience at this place although it was highly touted by our son. I understand it was a Friday evening and people are celebrating the work week was over, but it felt more like a sports bar to me. Loads of people standing, talking loud and using profanity. I can handle that but what made it worse was them making the same mistake twice in our order of ceviche. We made sure to tell the waiter we wanted the fish ceviche but twice he came back with the shrimp. We explained my wife is highly allergic to shellfish and her life could be in danger if she consumed it. The first time was excusable but when he came back the second time with assurance the order was correct, we found shrimp again! What made it worse was my wife ate a part of it trusting the waiter was correct. Luckily she had her meds and began feeling ill. I am grateful to the couple who sat next to us for speaking up for us knowing we were visitors! Thank you to "L"(I won't say her name) and your date for your concern! You saved me from blowing my top! In fact if you get to read this, I'd like to communicate with you(in case you come to Hawaii). Anyway we needed to leave earlier than expected and then the waiter asks for my signature on a bill with a black credit card. Lucky for him I'm an honest guy and told him I never gave him my card! How scary is that????? The bill was someone else's! Manager refused to comp our meal at the urging of our neighborly Angel, "L". I've been in management for a long time so I know better....not with the expectation of a free meal, but know what is proper. Also as a manager, I also know you don't raise your voice back at your customers as she did to our new found friend, "L". I am hoping the owner will train their managers better with customer service skills! If not and you are reading this, let me know! I can train them! On the positive, the food was good and the Sangria refreshing, but the bad experience overshadowed all of that! Will not go back there again on the next visit! Aloha!!!!!
This place is great and the food is amazing. I had a Pisco Sour which was absolutely delicious and everyone in the group split the ceviche (shrimp & fish), a whole chicken, & the lomo saltado. All of these dishes are traditional Peruvian dishes (not sure if they are prepared traditionally or more americanized) and they were so good. This food had so much flavor and it was a great place to eat and socialize. I will say for the size of dishes to split between 4 people it was over priced in my opinion but I also do not think it is meant for tapas style but I still think it is all a little pricey. All in all the food was great and I would definitely eat here again!
I made reservations for Friday night and boy let me tell you. Parking around here is ridiculous. I had to search for 20+ minutes and thankfully I found something. This place is really close to Urban Putt and I want to check that place out. This place is actually pretty big because it there is another floor you have to walk to. It sucks cuz this place is so damn loud so you sorta have to yell across the table. I like the vibe though with the bars and dinner situation..totes SF. So the three of us split four items along with some dranks. When its GNO, I feel obligated to get a drank. If you have a bigger group of like 6-8, they can probably accommodate you only if you make reservations. 1) Lychee sour- I do not like alcohol to begin with but since it had lychee I was praying to the baby jesus that this would be good. I did not taste any lychee and even my alcoholic buddy thought it was too strong. After one sip, I pushed that ish aside. I heard from my friend that the sangria was good doe. 2) Cheese empanada- I usually like meat but surprising this one was really good. Nothing beats an overly cheesy thing with crispy sides. An order comes with two.3) Ceiviche mixto- This was good and fresh but the portion was so small for the price. Bloop. 4) Lomito Saltado- this is stir fried sirloin with onions and fries. This one of their popular items but I thought it tasted pretty basic bloop...skip5) Chicharron de pollo- these are crispy pieces of chicken that are super tender. this was actually reallly good and I could tell this was no chicken breast. It was all the fatty thigh. Nommmm.6) Chocolate Bandido- chocolate cake with white cream- I wish that cream was ice cream but oh well. Surprisingly the cake was sooo moist and decadent. I thought it was gonna be dry and basic but it was good. I was gonna get the classic alfajores but those are super sweet and you regret it in the end
Great place to get some authentic Peruvian food and signature Peruvian pisco drinks. Everything is served family style which is great for big parties and even better for intimate dates. The rotisserie style chicken comes with 3 house made dipping sauce to die for and 2 sides, making it one of the best deals on the menu! All 3 locations are equally amazing.
What a disappointment for large groups.Food was great as always, 5 stars! Service was good too, but management was the most ridiculous performance I've ever seen ( minus 4 stars). We were a large group of 21 on a Sunday night and thus assigned a place downstairs. Not much going on down there (except for one other larger group). At first, we all stood next to our table (about 15 of us) chatting when we were told by management that we were not allowed to sit down until at least 18 had arrived. I mean, really? Our waiter actually told us to ignore that and just sit down once the manager was gone (realizing how stupid that just was I assume).Fast forward 2 hours to the bill. $1400 total and we were told that they cannot do more than 4 credit cards. I asked to speak to the manager and she just insisted on the maximum, offering to increase the limit to 6 eventually. I'm sorry, but you just charged $280 tip / service charge. For that amount of money you should be able to change your freaking policies and put in some extra effort. I really hope they will replace (or teach / improve) management as I otherwise love this place and hate to write this bad review.
Great customer service, the food it's amazing , fresh, tasting. I love the sangria. Leche de Tigre is absolutely amazing. Highly recommend.
Came here the second time around and still the food was Delish. We were lucky to get accommodated in Saturday night since our party comprised of 12 peeps. Chicken was still moist which is my favorite, mushrooms were tasty and all the rest of the food. We ordered a bunch so I can't remember but I came out very full and satisfied.
Limon is the reason I like Peruvian food. My first time was at their other location in the Mission district, and everything on their menu is good! There's more seating downstairs at this location which is great for large parties. My top items here are the taro chips, rotisserie chicken, lomito saltado, mac & cheese, and the chicken empanadas. Highly recommend ordering these when you come. One thing that I thought was funny, and got a bit annoying was that every 5 minutes someone would swing by and ask if the food is good, even when food was in our mouth.. it would be nice to limit or communicate with their co-workers that they already asked. Other than that, the food was good!
I was there tonight with coworkers celebrating Canadian thanksgiving. Overall had a great experience. We ordered a lot of food. Their yuca fries are to die for! And of course their rotisserie chicken. Twas a great substitute for not having turkey!
If you leave something behind (especially if of some value), consider it gone.. A friend and I went there for late lunch (3pm ish) on Sat of Superbowl weekend. We were seated at a table for 2 and were crammed with all the food/drinks, so I placed my sunglasses on the neighboring empty table of 4 and accidentally forgot them when we left. Called back an hour later - chanel glasses were gone. Since it was relatively slow at that time, and there was no one sitting in our corner (left corner by the window as you enter), I doubt the glasses were jacked by one of the guests. Guess integrity is not one of the staff's core values - shame on you, Limon, definitely never coming back!
I don't normally like writing bad reviews unless it's to help the establishment make things better for future customers. Came here Sunday Feb 1 to celebrate a friends bday since I know this place is known for their chicken. I was a little disappointed in this place since I used to eat their food when our admin ordered from them. The half chicken we ordered was not cooked all the way. It was still bloody. Yikes!  Wedding bother sending it back because it wasn't worth the wait. We also ordered the empanadas which was a bit salty. I had the picante de mariachis which was ok but a bit salty for my taste. My daughter had the crane a la parilla. She said it was ok. Meat was tender. Our waiter was too busy talking and flirting with his coworker. Will I go back? Not sure.
tl;dr: Cake cutting fee $48. I like the food but I'm not a fan, so 3 stars it is.Alright, here's the story: we came here on Saturday night with reservation at 8:30pm of 20-ish people. The restaurant looked amazing from the outside and there were couple people waiting in line. The parade in downtown slowed everything down so we got here late -- luckily the space wasn't ready for us so we still got to make it to the reservation. It was almost 9pm when everyone got to sit in. By the way, the parking was a nightmare but that's just how it works in San Francisco (don't be surprised). We were led to the basement -- nice and loud. The atmosphere was good but it was chilly. We got pints of Sangrias: white was light and red was sweet. Apparently we got a set menu since we have a large group and the set price was $32 per person. Here's what we had: Ensalada Mixta, Ceviche Mixto, Tartara De Tuna, Pollo, Pollo A Las Brasa, Tacu-tacu and fries. There should be one more dish but I had no memories on that.Honestly I was starving so everything was yummy. Pollo A Las Brasa was dry but it went well with sauces. Tartara De Tuna was amazing, it was the highlight of the night, I don't have too much Tuna Tartar in my life but this was one of the best yet. I strongly recommend it. The texture was right and it wasn't too sour, ate it with potato chips (not the bagged potato chips) and it was perfect. The service was great, servers were very friendly and kept out water glasses filled. It turned out there were multiple birthday groups here on the same night, they were very busy but still got us with everything. The bill came out and it was $53 per person yet I don't feel the food portion match up the price. We had the server to cut the birthday cake and it took about 20 mins to do so, then here's another highlight of the night: $48 for cake cutting. Woah, the cake was like $20 or something from Safeway and it was the first time ever I heard the cake cutting fee was double the cake price. SURPRISE. I'm sure it required skills to cut a round cake into 20 pieces. That being said, I love Tartara De Tuna but I couldn't stand for $48 cake cutting fee. It just doesn't make sense.
This is the restaurant I recommend first to my friends, and the word-of-mouth chain is now 10 persons deep. I can almost start playing 6 degrees of separation by tracing how my distant friends-of-friends heard about Limon. That's how excellent the food is here.My go-to order that feeds a group of 4 girls:- Truffle mac and cheese ("what I would bring if I were stranded on a desert island")- Half chicken with 2x sides of sweet potato fries ("sauce vehicles")- Ceviche ceviche ceviche- 2x chicken empanadas- Pitcher of sangria (though their lychee drink isn't bad either)
Although the small bite of rotisserie chicken ranked as one of my top two, my entree let me down; the Arroz con mariscos (a.k.a. Paella) was a trifle disappointing after the delicious empanada appetizers and the amazing dips set the stage for what I thought would be a dinner where all expectations were met.My friend and I had the Veggie (mushrooms and herbs filled) and the Pollo (shredded seasoned chicken) empanada to whet our respective appetites. I have no idea what the accompanying sauces were called (save for the chimichurri) but they were fantastic. Especially the one that also came on the empanadas plates. The mushroom and veggies empanada was delicious, but faded in comparison to it's chicken counterpart which blew it away. And the sauce made what was a lovely dish, wonderful!After a little while, our main course arrived and I could tell that my dish didn't look quite as delectable as it could. The rice was ... wet. It's different from being glistening with the sauce. It's the kind where it is cooked but still could have used a little more time in the pan so as to thicken and enhance every grain of rice. The dish seemed overly dependent on the essence of saffron to protect it's integrity and reputation, with the sofrito seemingly having taken a back seat.But I must admit that when friends told me that their rotisserie chicken (Pollo a la Brassa) was the best; they weren't kidding. It's one of my top two rotisserie chicken in the Bay Area --- the other being that at the inimitable Zaki Kabab House in Albany. But with the uninspired entree I had, I couldn't possibly give it more than 3 stars.(Oh Shoot! I just found out that Zaki closed in June. That's terrible!!!)I guess Limon is now my number one place for rotisserie chicken.
Limon is officially my favorite place to eat in SFI reviewed the other locations so no need go on about this one. All locations are great!!
I've come here several times, and I've tried almost everything on the menu. This place is always pretty packed, so make sure to make a reservation! Also, the tables are pretty close together, and it can get pretty loud because of the setup of the restaurant, but the food is pretty good. Also, be sure to eat the chicken with the sauces that come on the side! It adds a great kick of flavor.Pisco Sour (4.5/5) - This was delicious. The amount of alcohol was perfect - a little bite without being too strong. It has a nice sweetness, and the egg white added a nice texture and frothiness.Chicken (4.5/5) - Obviously the main attraction. Great flavor, but it can be dry sometimes.Fries (Sweet Potato, Yuca, Regular) (3.5/5) - Not the best fries, as they can be soggy, but I still always order them when I come here. I particularly like the sweet potato fries.Tacu Tacu (3/5) - The rice was kind of mushy and was kind of bland.Ceviches (Mixto, Pescado) (3.5/5) - These were too acidic for me, but the fish was nice.Lomito Saltado (4.5/5) - Nice flavor with a slightly Asian twist. The fries were a nice addition, and I enjoyed how they were soggy from the sauce.Chicarron de Pollo (4/5) - Fried chicken. A nice addition to the normal rotisserie chicken if you have people to share with.Empanadas (Pollo, Veggie) (4/5) - Nice, crispy shell with tasty fillings. I prefer the pollo over the veggie.Seco de Costillas (4.5/5) - Probably my favorite dish of the night. The meat was tender and packed with flavor.Arroz con Mariscos (3/5) - I love paella, but this was a miss for me. It was pretty bland.
I was kinda skeptical about having rotisserie chicken in a place that wants to appear fancy, but the food was totally worth it.The place was crowded and hot, we waited a lot for the waiter to take our order (not a big deal for me).The chicken was tasty, and the sauces were also good and not (culinary speaking) "overwhelming". Sauteed rice and beans and the vegetables sides were simple and tasty.The ratio price/quantity is not the best, but again, they wanna look like a fancy place...
When I moved to SF I promised myself I would try not to eat at the same places often so I can conquer the SF food scene. Wellllll I love Limon so much Im promising myself to go back and back again. Yess it was that good!Went with a group of my 5 lovely gfs for a girls night. We made a reservation and got there right on time so no wait. At first glance it looks tiny but they have a downstairs which is pretty good with a bar! They were playing the Warriors game so I was even happier. Started off with Piscos of course. Now I don't know much about PISCO, but Im in love with the PISCO Punch at Cantina so I got the lychee option. I thought it was good but not as good as Cantinas. One of my friends decided to be different and get the Divina Pasion cocktail, it was divine! Okay I promise you (I make a lot of promises) I am not exaggerating when I say all of the side dishes we got were DELICIOUS!!! We did the followingTartara de Tuna- Loved it, Im not usually a huge fan but I could tell it was very fresh and presented so well!Veggies Empanadas- I always get the empanadas at the stall in the ferry building, there are much much better, the filling was perfect!Yucca Fries- I love yucca so I thought these were yummy, it's a pretty small serving size but we each got one so we were happyTuca Tuca(rice & beans) - sounds simple and it is but the flavors were great and I could've probably had more!!Truffle Mac&Cheese- OMG YOU HAVE TO GET IT =)Sauted Mushrooms- Probably my favorite, they were sauted in soy sauce but went so well with the chicken and other side dishes. I would probably order these for myself next timeAnd of course we did a full order of the Polla a la Brasa- it was flavorful, tender, and cooked to perfection. Even my recently turned meat eating friend loved it! We def should have only got half thoughThen to top it off my crazy friends ordered two desserts, the tiramisu and a choc lava cake or something both were heavenly but I only had space for a bite each!The ambiance was fun and vibrant just like the food!! If youre debating on going.. just do it!! I PROMISE youll love it ;)
We went to Limon Rotisserie with a large group last weekend, and it was perfect for a casual night out. My boyfriend and I shared the half chicken, with yuca fries and tacu-tacu (sauteed rice and beans). The food was phenomenal- the chicken was cooked perfectly and I'm a sucker for yuca fries. Definitely try all the sauces.Pros: Fun atmosphere, and the place gets a bit more boisterous later in the evening. Strong drinks and excellent food. We left full, but not stuffed.We called ahead because we were running about 20 minutes late for our reservation, but they held the table for us, which was awesome.Cons: Service is just okay, bordering on a little slow. Street parking can be tough on the weekends, but that's to be expected in the city- just give yourself a little extra time.I love Peruvian food, and this place was as good (or better) as most of the others I've been to- I would definitely go back to Limon.
Lomo, empanadas, truffle mac-n-cheese, & the rest of the dishes still as good as I remember it! The Sour Lychee was potent, but perfect! But I just can't stop raving about their Lomo! Steak still so tender, juicy & so tasty! Good customer service, but had to flag them down a few times for water, otherwise wait staff were attentive.
Great sangria (big pitchers, maybe a bit much for 2 ppl). chicken and Mac n cheese were really good too. Ceviche mixto was ok.It was really loud. Could've been just the party behind us too though.Service was good and friendly.
I went to LIMON on a Thursday night, and Friday morning I woke up craving some more.I hosted a work dinner in the downstairs area of the restaurant. The ambiance was real CLASSY and COOL with a full bar and tvs playing the game.The FOOD was DELICIOUS . I highly recommend the CEVICHE MIXTO, it was fresh and tasty. The ROTISSERIE CHICKEN will leave you wanting more. Upon the recommendations of the bartender CARLOS we tried the ANTICUCHOS which were to die for. I never knew heart could taste so good.The drinks were PERFECTLY CRAFTED and with great presentation. The PISCO SOUR was the best I've had in the city.Take it from a Peruvian, this is a great spot to try authentic Peruvian cuisine.
Locals recommended this place. The chicken is very tender and flavorful. The warm banana bread pudding was delicious.The service was fast and friendly. We will be returning often!
I definitely love this place. My friend brought us here and it was packed on a Friday night. Atmosphere was great and everyone looked so satisfied about their food.I love the short rib, the mushroom and the seafood fried rice. It is one of the best Tapa places I have ever been.
My previous Intern Coach came to San Francisco on business just a couple weeks after I moved here and tasked me with finding a good place for dinner for the two of us to catch up. I knew nothing about the city so I turned to Yelp for help, and it certainly came to my rescue. Limon Rotisserie is the first Peruvian place I've tried and one of the first places I ate out at in San Francisco, and it set the bar pretty high.Atmosphere:The place is quite small, not a ton of seating area, but I like the quaint feel to it. Makes for a cute casual date night!Drinks:We both ordered pisco's to start off our meal - she got the regular pisco sour and I got the lychee sour (staying true to my Asian roots). I personally really liked my drink! It was just the right mix of sweet and sour and it complemented my meal quite well. I don't think my intern coach was as thrilled about hers though.Food:YUMSSS to everything. The great thing about coming to a tapas place is that you can try a little bit of everything - a great feature for really indecisive people like myself. For cold plates, we got the ceviche de pescado and ensalada rusa. Both were sooo good! I'm usually not a fan of ceviche, but man oh man, I'm salivating at the thought of the ceviche de pescado. The red snapper fish was so fresh and the whole dish just comes together. The ensalada rusa, while not the leafy salad we were expecting, was a pleasant root-based salad that balanced out the citrusiness of the ceviche. I've grown quite fond of beets lately so I really liked this dish.For hot plates, we got the half chicken (a must since it has it's own section on the menu) and lomito saltado. The chicken was delicious - juicy and tender, though not insanely mind blowing. The sirloin strips though, drooool. They were cooked so well and kept me coming back for more. I didn't really like the fries mixed in there though. The sauce made the fries super soggy - think I would've kept them on the side.Will definitely come here again and try more things on the menu!
This is my favorite of the two Limon locations. I think it's mainly because it doesn't feel as cramped as the location on Valencia. Nevertheless, the food is just as delicious regardless of the location. The best things to get here are the chicken, truffle mac and cheese, and sangria. The chicken is always so juicy and flavorful. The 3 sauces that it comes with only enhances the flavors even more. A whole chicken was a good size for my party of 4. The truffle mac and cheese is so heavenly. I always wish I don't have to share the side with anyone else whenever we order this. Also, don't forget to get a pitcher of their sangria to share. I would pass on of the Tartara de Tuna; it's not good. The chicken empanadas we got had really dry shredded chicken; definitely another pass. The wait staff is attentive here and I couldn't ask for a better experience.
Meh. The price was ok but the portions were small.We ordered half a chicken, lomito saltado, yuca fries and tacu-tacu as sides. I'm not sure I've ever seen a chicken this small. There were 4 yuca fries on the plate and the tacu-tacu (red beans and rice) were also small. Although the portions were small, the food was good, so at least it's got that going for it.One comment about service - we walked into a restaurant that had a few diners in it but mostly empty. The hostess was not at the station but there were plenty of servers and bartenders around. They all just looked at us and continued talking and doing whatever they were doing before. They didn't bother to say "hi, the hostess will be right with you" or even acknowledge our presence. I don't think I'd go back
Still amazing food.The hostess are still not very welcoming or friendly. And the servers are still very nice and ready to help.That still doesn't stop my friends and I from coming back to enjoy the food!
I have been to Limon multiple times, and I have liked the food here. The chicken is a must, but the other dishes were just ok. Cerviche is ok, I wish the portions were bigger! The service was great, and there was plenty of food/beverage choices. It's not really authentic Peruvian, and I have had better, but not bad at all!
The staff here did an awesome job. We were a bit indecisive with our order and our waiter was very attentive and helpful while managing to keep a smile on his face. The food comes out very quickly. We shared the full chicken (yum!), fries (tasty) a rice and bean mix (delicious) and a beef dish that had some good flavors but the meat tasted more like wild game. Overall couldn't be happier with the meal. Oh and grab yourself a pitcher of Sangria-you only live once~
Such good food!! I came with a large group and they required us to have the preset menu, but it was amazing! And they told us ahead of time about the fixed price/menu, so we were prepared. The restaurant is loud, but a lot of fun. The bar was good, I had the pisco sour, which was yummy. The chicken was so well cooked! Would definitely come back.
OMG! Out of this world! Food was amazing, service was fabulous, atmosphere was hopping. The place was packed and we were debating whether or not to even stay. So glad we did! Sat at the bar and started with a couple of beverages. (The sangria was delish) the bar manager Fernando was super friendly, prompt and interactive. We ordered the pollipapas to start. Fantastic! Next was the meal of half chicken with sauted veggies and tacu-tacu. That stuff was incredible. I'm not the least bit Hispanic so all this Peruvian cuisine was completely new for me, but there is no doubt in my mind we will be back.
Well overrated based on my limited try of just 2 small plates...macaroni and cheese with truffles were very good, but chicken pieces served with a vinegar sauce was very disappointing. With rotisserie chicken being their signature dish, I expected the chicken pieces to be better than McDonalds...sadly no. I will have to go back for their signature dish to be fair, but based on this experience, go there prepared to have a big meal. My approach was a fail!
This place is so yum. If you're in the mood for some rotisserie Peruvian chicken, this is your place to go! I came here on a Saturday afternoon and it was decently crowded but it was also not hard to get a table for 2. The servers were fast and attentive and we got all our food in a timely manner. Between 2, we ordered a half order of the chicken with french fries and a side salad as well as the chicken empanadas. This was definitely enough food and the prices were fairly decent. The chicken was moist and juicy with a delicious flavor. It is served with 3 different sauces, all of which are extremely different, yet great! They have ovens filled with rotisserie chickens so I would definitely recommend it! One thing that was little odd was that they didn't have ketchup to go along with the fries. When we asked for it, the waiter gave us a puzzled look like we were asking for something crazy! The empanada was filled with ground chicken and had a subtle flavor with a little kick. In comparison to the chicken, it wasn't as great but it's definitely something to try. Contrary to all the chicken, there was enough vegetarian food on the menu as well. I didn't get to try any of it but I will be back again to try the famous mac n cheese! Great place in the mission for a nice, chill meal for either a small, intimate group or a large party!
Even though we were late for our reservation, they seated us promptly. There service was great; always made sure our glasses were filled and that we were satisfied. The food was delicious. We had chicken empanadas, a whole rotisserie, chicharron polo, yucca fries and rice. "The yucca fries are a great side to the chicken, especially when you dip it in their sauces". Everything was freshly made and so tasty.   Another "Go to spot" for my pregnant wife and I to dine or another spot to order food to go, Limon Rotisserie will be on our list.
This place was really crowded the night we came, but we were seated within 10 minutes. The space is a lot larger than it seems at first glance because they have another entire basement level for seating too. When the hostess took us downstairs the first thing I noticed was how blaringly LOUD it was. We could barely hold a real conversation over all that noise - we were all straining our voices to get ourselves heard.Food was unmemorable. We ordered the rotisserie chicken because that's what you come here for, right? It was good - even the white meat was tender and juicy... but it wasn't anything that special or mind-blowing. Good, but not memorable. The rest of the food was forgettable. The beet salad was not good - it was more potatoes than beets. It's smothered in sauce so you don't even know if you're eating potatoes or beets until you bite into a serving. The empanadas were tiny, and expensive. I forgot what else we ordered, but nothing stood out. At least I found myself in good company!
The rotisserie chicken is a must! So yummy and flavorful and a really great deal for a whole chicken + 2 sides. Their rice and beans mix is very good, as well as the stir fried vegetables and fries. One of my favorite spots in SF.
Limon Rotisserie was great. Reservation, promptly seated. Ordered several dishes, yummy.I'm giving three stars because of the service. The workers were great, but we were rushed worse than eating at McDonalds. I hadn't finished my cocktail, looked down, poof glass was swooped away. I had to ask for a few minutes because I was trying to talk to the person dining with. I ordered an appetizer and an entree. Within 10 minutes, both came at the same time.The minute the utensil was down on plate, server asked if I was finished and poof...gone.The hostess came by spying on our table and made a gesture to the other worker to pull our table and the table next to use together, as if I wasn't feeling rushed enough. Once we paid, we were finishing up our conversation, several different servers/workers kept coming by and kept opening the card holder. I wanted to say "I ALREADY PAID!"It was two of us, so we were not holding up the table for an extended amount of time. We were rushed in and out in about 45 minutes. Very disappointed as I brought a friend from out of town here to dine.
Excellent meal overall! I came here with a friend recently for lunch and we had the following:Ceviche MixtoHalf ChickenSeco de Costillas (braised, boneless short ribs with peas, carrots, and potatoes)When I ordered the Seco de Costillas the waiter said that was his favorite and I can see why. The beef was incredibly tender and the vegetables were cooked just right. The hearty sauce was also a complement to the beef.The chicken was ok - not as good as I'd expect but still not bad.We washed down the meal with some beers and all was fine and dandy. This is a great restaurant to patronize if you're on this side of the Mission.
Went here after going to La Mar CebicheriaLa Mar is ok, so so food, I didn't think their ceviche was that good. Unlike La Mar, Limon is always on. Their food is consistently tasty, cooked perfectly and spiced just right. I've had the chicharron del pollo, lomo saltado with French fries, the tacu-tacu, etc.I definitely recommend and will come back soon!
I didn't have a great experience at the Valencia location because most of the things we ordered were not good, at all. As a refresher, do not get the chicharron de pollo, lomito saltado, or the ensalada mixta.This time was definitely better but not outstanding. We got the rotisserie chicken and the white meat was preferred over the dark meat and the skin is pretty salty so don't eat a lot at once. The accompanying sauces were good, especially the one that's similar to chimichurri or is it chimichurri?I also enjoyed the braised beef (you sort of need rice), beet salad, and sweet potato fries. I wasn't a fan of the vegetable side because tasted like Chinese stir fry. Funny that soy sauce is a common component.We got the empanadas which I noticed went up in price by $1 to $8.95. Pretty pricey for two small pieces. I tried the beef empanada but didn't notice the raisins in it even though the menu stated that there were some inside.We sat downstairs and the acoustics are LOUD. It almost reached the level where it hurt my ears so if you can, request upstairs. It looks and feels a lot better.
The food was good, although it was a bit greasier than I expected. I asked for the fish of the day. The waiter explained it, but I didn't really hear anything because he was explaining too fast. Because I already had one greasy food item, two was a bit too much. Both tasted great, although some side veggies of some sort would have been quite nice.It also took far far too long to get our order taken, to get water refilled, and to finally get a check. They could probably use another wait staff or two.Overall at $50 for an appetizer, entree, and drink I thought it was alright. At $30, I'd probably rate it 4 or 5 stars.
The rotisserie chicken and the dipping sauces are amazing! Don't forget to try the leche de tigre ceviche and Peruvian potatoes! Delicious!
I like this place. It's a great place to grab a few small plates and a drink with a friend .I enjoyed the flavors from all the dishes I tried. The tuna tartar was probably my favorite and the shrimp cocktail had a nice acidity with enough of a kick. The boneless short rib stew was good as well . I wasn't that crazy about the chicken but the sauce that came with it made it good.Overall I'll definitely come back. One thing I thought was weird though. Half the waiters were really nice and the others seemed like they would be some where else .
This used to be my go to place but it's changed lately for the worse. - Steeper prices for smaller portions- Service is slow (we waited for 30 minutes for a salad and another 30 for the check)The food is still great: the ceviche mixto, lomito saltado, veggie empanadas, and truffle mac and cheese are highly recommended.
Our friend was craving Peruvian and that's what we had.Limon is casual, but very nice which is what we were looking for and everything was so tasty and delicious.It helped that my Old Fashioned cocktail was really strong. So strong that I had my friend Monyrith recap 3 of the dishes:Half Rotisserie Chicken - the chicken was some of the most tender chicken I've had. It was pricey, but there is a price to pay for non dry chicken breast. At $20 for the half, it was probably worth it.Yuca fries - people would say gnocchi are clouds, but the best clouds I've ever had were these yucca fries. The fried pillow cases that enveloped it combined with the variety of sauces they offered made this side dish a real star.Arroz con Mariscos - the big disappointment was this paella - somehow it smelled like kraft mac and cheese. Yes, the seafood was cooked properly, the rice tender, but one just couldn't help but feel like you were eating a $1.00 box of mac and cheese with seafood tossed in. It was truly, as some may call it, ghetto fab.Tacu-Tacu - Unique and worth trying"Lomito" Saltado - Standard affair, but delicious!Carne Empanada - Comes in 2 - deliciousPollo Emanada - Comes in 2 - deliciousChicharron de Pollo - Tough to eat, passWe ordered a feast for four people, but it was well worth it!
I came here with a group of 5 on a Friday night. My friend made a reservation earlier in the afternoon but when we got here for soooome reason they didn't have our names down. Nonetheless, they still took us. While waiting for the rest of our group to arrive, my friend and I went to the bar to have drinks. I had one glass of red wine which cost a little under $10. When my friends arrived, they sat us right away. Our seats were downstairs in the basement. It's pretty loud down there...I've heard of this place from lots of different people so I was excited to try it out. I ended up getting the truffle Mac n cheese and the fries which were both good, but damn the service sucked. Every single server that helped us was rude and short with us. When we asked for three extra forks (because the table was missing them) the guy seemed pissed that we had asked... But uhh, not our fault you guys didn't put it there! When my friends ordered extra rice it didn't come until way later... I don't know how else to explain it except that the servers weren't really nice. :| I'm usually nice when it comes to Yelp reviews, but...hello? Customer service, or nah? Here, I think the answer is "nah"... 0 smiles from the people who work here = 3 stars for the restaurant, all earned by the fact that the food wasn't terrible.
I fell in love with Peruvian food when I first came here. Their rotisserie chicken is moist and flavorful. I've had the sweet potato fries, french fries, yucca fries, tacu-tacu and their all good. Get the truffle mac 'n cheese! You won't regret it. They have really good sangria in single serving and pitchers. They even have really good desserts. Their mango pancotta and chocolate lava cake are to die for!One star off for this one time when they overcharged me though...
This Peruvian restaurant is AMAZING! Located near 21st/South Van Ness in the city. Had 6:00 reservations last night with my friends (houseguests).We sat upstairs. Modern decor, Nice & dark ambience. For app we each ordered the cerviche mixto (fish, calamari & shrimp), that was the BOMB.COM. YummmmmForgot to mention, we also ordered Sangria (one of the better Sangrias I've tasted).For our mains, we each ordered Limons famous Half order (4pcs) Dark meat Chicken, roasted over open flame. It was FABULOUS! Crispy skin, very moist & tasty. We just LOVED it! Comes with 3 dipping sauces. But you don't really need them. The chicken is THAT good on its own. Comes with two side dishes of choice. We has the Tacu-tacu (rice & beans) which was really good and the yuca fries & they were perfectly skinny & crispy. For dessert we got the Warm Bandido, which is warm chocolate cake.Service was excellent. Waiter was friendly but not overly. Excellent delivery of the plates, timely & hot.Limon is very affordable & pretty unique. Can't wait to come back!I really think Limon is in my Top 5 Restaurants.
I am not sure what there isn't to like about Limon Rotisserie, as this is probably one of the better Peruvian restaurants that I've had in the bay area. THUMBS UP!I actually ended up coming here consecutively for two days due to the fact that we had a company holiday outing here and then a friend's birthday dinner the next day. I typically don't like eating the same things in such short gap, but I was actually okay with going to Limon 2 days in a row. The place itself had 2 floors, making it a great place for bigger outings or birthday dinners, and reservations are recommended. The service here was great both days, as the servers were extremely friendly and went out of their way to make things happen for us. What we ordered (ranked from most to least favorite)1) Truffle Mac & Cheese: Limn's signature creamy truffle infused macaroni & cheese2) Lomito Saltado: A traditional Peruvian dish of stir-fried sirloin strips, onions, tomato, soy sauce, & french fries3) Pollo a la Brasa: Limn's famous marinated free-range rotisserie chicken is slowly roasted over open flame. All portions come with 2 sides of your choice and "Aji" sauces4) Ceviche Mixto: Fish, calamari & tiger shrimp5) Yuca Fries (select this as a side with the Pollo a la Brasa)6) Seco de Costillas: Braised boneless beef short ribs with huacatay-cilantro broth, potatoes, carrots, English peas7) Carne Empanada: Hand-cut top sirloin, sauteed onions, hard boiled eggs, olives & raisins8) Arroz con Mariscos: Peruvian style paella made with saffron rice, mixture of seafood, aji amarillo pimento sauce9) Lengua a la Parilla: Marinated & grilled beef tongue, baby yukon mashed potatoes, Aji Panca sauceThe Truffle Mac & Cheese here is one of the best truffle infused dishes that I've ever tasted, and the Lomito Saltado and Pollo a la Brasa were delicious, but the meat tenderness was inconsistent in the two days I was here. The beef in Lomito Saltado tends to be a little tough, while the chicken was a little more dry on the second day of my visit. Everything ranked #6 and below on my list was a little too salty for my taste, and a little disappointing. However, you can definitely order more sides to level out the saltiness such as rice & beans, or vegetables. As for beverages, for non-alcoholic drinkers, I highly recommend the mango lemonade. Its different and delicious, and the best part is, it has 100% of Vitamin C!I highly recommend this restaurant for anyone that hasn't been here before! Great vibe, service, menu, and price tag! Although this is not yet on par with Mario Peruvian's in LA, it is a great substitute for now!Note: Street parking was extremely hard to find around here, so be prepared!
Went here after trying to go to Fresca. Apparently Fresca closes at 9 on Sunday's, not 10 as advertised on yelp (fail).Ceviche was better than most I've sampled in Peru. Sampled the chicharron, quarter chicken, lomo saltado, all the sauces, a pitcher of red sangria, and the braised short rib. All in all, a hearty meal, not a single complaint if I searched for one.Can't give them 5 stars because they kind of rushed us out. Service was friendly and attentive, atmosphere was comfortable for a relatively small space, but everyone was clearly ready to go home at the end of the night.
The grilled beef tongue was awesome! Excellent yuca fries and ceviche.The rotisserie fills the whole space with the best aroma. The small plates are vibrant with bright flavors.The Pisco Sour is a must try.
The dishes were salty. Believe me, I love salt but there was too much salt in the arroz con mariscos (rice with shrimp). This dish is similar to the Spanish paella in taste but too salty. The mussel tasted wrong.The ceviche mixto was salty as well and really tangy. The lomito saltado was skimpy on the french fries and the chunks of meat were big. Not to mentuon that the dish was also a tad on the salty side as well.Weirdly, they had truffle mac n cheese. It's their sugnature dish. This wasn't salty and was probably the best thing I had there. The mango panna cotta was good. The slices of mango weren't ripe but sour, though. They have a tv and bar seating as well.
Service: We arrived at noon when they were opening with a party of 5. We were seated immediately and graciously by the hostess. Our server was also very good.Atmosphere: Since we were relatively the only people in the restaurant originally I have no opinion here.Food: The food was okay. We ordered a whole chicken which was very juicy but extremely over salted in my opinion. The Yucca fries were good but again over salted. The Tacu tacu (rice & beans) was very good. The truffle mac & cheese was good but not great but even better it help cut some of the other over salty items.
First timer trying Peruvian cuisine and was really good, love the chickens, the skirt steak and their trio sauces.Will return someday and try something new.
Well I really love meat, if it's cooked really good then it's always deserves five stars from me. We always come here, birthdays, some small parties, any occasion. I won't be lying if I will call it best Peruvian kitchen in San Francisco.
I had the 1/4 chicken (leg) with yuca fries. Awesome fries, tasty sauces. Service was not great, though, but they had some kind of event going on and too few waiters at work. We never got our drinks. Would still come back for the food.
This place is really good. We had half a chicken, ceviche mixto, and lomito saltado. The ceviche was really well prepared. The chicken was delicious. The lomito saltado was pretty good but I think I've had better elsewhere, like Fresca. For the price, this place is great.One bad thing was my wife had a bone in one of the pieces of fish she ate from the ceviche. That was not good. Service was fine. I would go back when I want Peruvian food.
PERFECT DATE PLACE.I'm biased because my date was 5-star charming, so the food seemed 5-star as well.get the lengua (beef tongue). TREAT YO' SELF.half chicken : slightly dry but dipping it in the pesto-like sauce made it so clutch.ceviche seafood mix : not your traditional ceviche. DEFINITELY ask for chips. I'm surprised they didn't give it automatically with ceviche. the sauce was incredible so my date and i used the sauce as dip for everything else.sweet potato fries were nice and sweet. not crunchy as expected and i'm glad it was soft.overall, the service was good. the ambience was SUPERB. food was good.
My girlfriend and I were very pleased with Jason's level of customer service. Despite this being his first 2 weeks, I have to say this is probably the best service we've had in a while. Jason was very attentive, recommended great dishes, and made sure we walked out happy and satisfied. Food was great but service was even better.
I love this place, gives me nostalgia of the days I use to work as a waitress in a Peruvian restaurant. The food is almost spot on to the wonderful food we used to serve in that business. The chicharron de pollo here and lomito saltado are fantastic. My husband who never had tried Peruvian food until I came along, now can't get enough of it. Especially the food here at Limon. I do wish the location was tad bit bigger, but no biggie. Worth the wait.
Limon is awesome. Their rotisserie chicken, the most popular menu item, is super buttery and comes with fantastic sauces. The yucca fries had great texture as a too for sauces to enter my mouth. They serve ceviche and tartare in small portions, but the bites that I had were delicious. Since it's so awesome, you'll likely need to make a reservation.
Looking for a nice restaurant perfect for both groups and small parties? This is the place to be. Peruvian food done right, with excellent selections and big plates to truly fill the palate. As a group of 8, this was perfect for the family style servings.Tonight we had four different dishes. The Ceviche Mixto, lomito solado, the beef short ribs, and the rotisserie chicken. The big stand out to me personally was the ceviche. I'm a sucker for good fish and this ceviche was done right. The sour profiles from the lime does not overwhelm the flavor of the fish. Very accommodating and friendly service, willing to do whatever it takes to get you the service you need. Stop by if you can.
The waiter was very matter of fact and the food was not inspiring. We tried the ceviche (fish and shrimp) which was not bad but not memorable. The lomo saltado was good but again nothing that would make us come back. The empanadas and the special sauce was delicious. Maybe people like the atmosphere and the bar but as a restaurant it is just average. We had two sangrias which were very good but very small glasses. You really need a pitcher ($30).
I'm vegetarian so even though it's a rotisserie, I love the food here! I've had the empanadas catered to work a few times so I knew i had to come to the restaurant. * veggie empanadas - each order comes with 2 and they're REALLY good* sauces - amazing; we got the trio, not really sure what the green one was but the other 2, I put on everything! * Truffle Mac and cheese - delicious and probably best I've had* Yuca fries: we ordered these since we've never had yuca but they were really just 4 big, bland French fries* Sweet potato fries, thin and crispy!* Sangria - perfect amount of sweetWe came around 8pm on a Thursday night. They asked us if we had a reservation (we didn't) and sat us immediately. Our table was downstairs, where there were plenty of spaces available. There's bar seating upstairs and downstairs. Service was great. We were especially impressed when I asked for one of those little black straws for my drink, the waiter grabbed a couple for me WITH a napkin instead of his hands (germophobes everywhere thank you!)
I was there last night with my girlfriend to have a dinner. Everything was great and i paid the bill by cash and left %20 tip for them. When we were almost hopping in our car, one of the waitress yielded and accused us not to pay the bill. I left my gf in the car and went back to restaurant and told her the check the cameras. When she was checking the cameras, they found out that one of them server took it and not told them. To sum up, they ruined my date...Thanks
Ordered: half chicken; tacu tacu (sauteed rice & beans); camote frito; "lomito" saltado; chicharron de pollo; seco de costillas; Pisco sour; Maracuya sourWhat to get: chicken; "lomito" saltado; seco de costillas; Pisco sourIt's surprising how much more room this place has downstairs. Make sure that you do make a reservation. They also have a bar area if you want to wait there. Alright, let's get straight to the food:Sours: marked as a Peruvia signature, so had to get that. If you prefer something much more sour, choose the Maracuya over the Pisco. Both incorporate egg whites for the frothiness. The sours actually didn't detract from the other flavors.Chicken: we got half, since we wanted to try many of the other dishes. The chicken is moist w/ a nice braised skin. Get sides to eat w/ it. We did the camote frito (sweet potato fries) and the arroz (rice). The sweet potato fries were pretty standard. I wasn't expecting this, but the rice is stuck together. You don't really get much of that granular texture, which oddly worked with the chicken."Lomito" saltado: haha, so when we ate this, we almost thought it was of Asian origins. There is soy sauce in there and it's really apparent. Fun fact, there is a substantial Chinese population in Peru to the point that a culinary style evolved from that fusion, known as Chifa. I really enjoyed this dish as the sirloin strips were really tender. Eat the fries fast before it starts soaking up much of the soy sauce, which may lead to a salty bite. Nevertheless, it's still not too salty. At a point, I found myself just eating the onions, since I really liked the sauce.Chicharron de pollo: you would think I would be tired of chicken. This is marinated in soy sauce, which I didn't taste as much, but that may be because the flavors from the "lomito" just overwhelmed this dish relatively. The crispy chicken still maintained a soft interior. This dish added a nice change in texture, but I doubt I would get it again. It was alright compared to the other ones.Seco de costillas: this dish reminded me of the innards of a sandwich from Sanguchn (a Peruvian food truck in SF), but this definitely was really good. That braised beef you could pick away with a fork. It just melts and falls apart nicely in your mouth.
I discovered I'm in love with Peruvian food thanks to this place. I went here for a networking dinner so the host ordered ahead for a group of about 10 of us (one vegetarian). Some of us shared a pitcher of sangria, sooo good after a long day at work - not too sweet, seriously perfect. I would've had a third glass had I not needed to leave early.Dishes that we shared included a green salad, ceviche, cheese and vegetable empanadas, steak, octopus, chicken, and yucca fries. I might've forgotten a couple of sides, but all I can say is that everything I tasted was so seriously flavorful, it made me want to book a trip to South America just to dine there and enjoy their local cuisine. This place made me a ceviche fan, which says a lot for my picky ass. It all came out to about $51 per person for dinner. It's really loud in there (we ate downstairs but upstairs seemed pretty noisy too), so for a networking dinner it probably wasn't the best choice, but for the time I was able to join them it was a lot of fun just getting to know people, and the food was top notch.This Van Ness location is street parking only, which is the one downside to me - it took me a while to find parking a block over. But SO worth the circle-the-block dance.
So happy I can walk to-from work to a great restaurant. The Lomito Saltado is the bomb. I'd order something else, but I've always been too afraid to miss it if I saw someone else eating it. I've been here 3 times and that's all I've ordered.
Came in on a work night with group for a holiday celebration. Made reservation for 5 people hours prior to arriving. When we arrived the place was nearly empty; couple of people sitting at the bar, two men at a large corner table. The hostess, at the lectern at the door, placed us immediately in the worst possible spot. She pulled two small tables together length wise, placing three adults along side the table on one side, clearly squished uncomfortably together, 5 feet directly in front of the door, on a cold, rainy night. It was freezing cold. People came in and out, and the cold wind was blowing directly on us. We must have looked comical, five people sitting like that, in front of the door, in an empty restaurant surrounded by nice, warm, roomy, empty tables. We weren't 'dressed up', but our decidedly mixed group had come straight from work and while casual, we were decently dressed. We tried to get the attention of the hostess to ask for another table, but could not. When the waiter came over I asked for another table if at all possible. The waiter, Jason A., was polite, professional, and said he would try. We watched him talk to the hostess - she was standing right next to us - she reported all other tables were taken - and she was clearly pissed off. Sighing, eye rolling, arm flapping, the whole thing. After some back and forth the waiter turned around and offered us a table, intended for a group our size, in the corner. The food was o.k., not exciting. Kind of overpriced for what it was. We had a good time though, and enjoyed the drinks, especially the sangrias. The most amazing thing was that after having been told all the tables were reserved, we ate and drank for two hours, they had open tables the whole time, people walked in without reservation and were seated. The hostess had simply chosen to put us in the worst spot in the place, at a cobbled together table ridiculously too small for our party.The wait person Jason was great the entire evening, made good suggestions re; the menu, etc. We left him a good tip. The hostess was awful, left a really bad impression, never attempted to help, and was rude. Left a very bad impression of the place.
I was highly unimpressed with our experience at Limon yesterday. I've been to the one on Valencia, and I loved the experience... this one, not so much. To be fair, we came on a Friday night at 7:30, and we were stoked to be seated right away. Unfortunately, we were seated in the low ceilinged downstairs dungeon (I mean basement?), which was UNBELIEVABLY loud. My friend and I had to shout across the table, leaning in to hear each other in the noise. The food itself was fine, nothing special. We had the signature roast chicken, veggies, and yuca fries. The chicken was honestly a bit soggy, like it had been cooked a little too long. The seasoning was better than a Whole Foods chicken, but the execution wasn't... and that should tell you something. Our drinks were good (pisco sour and the "Sneaky Limon"), but they took a long time to come. We had to ask for water four times, the first of which was when we ordered, before some kind soul finally brought it toward the tail end of our meal.Perhaps it was just an off experience, but I doubt I'll ever come back to this Limon.
My taste buds are still feeling great from my meal at this place a night ago. I am not kidding and seriously this place is awesome. By far the best Peruvian cuisine I have ever had. Also proof of why the group should leave the restaurant choices to me. We all really enjoyed the lively atmosphere and the small plates we shared for dinner.
After spending most of my day in The Haight area, I was starving and wanted plenty of food. I had this restaurant bookmarked and decided I would head to the Mission area. The place was cute, clean, and had plenty seating available. We were seated right away and I started off with their Lmon Punch cocktail-delicious and strong. I ordered the Polla a La Brasa- half chicken (And I wasn't sharing!) it comes with 2 sides so I went with the yuca fries and rice of course. It comes with 3 Aji sauces. All three were equally amazing and went perfect with the chicken-which was flavored and cooked just right. My friend was trying to be sneaky during dinner and steal my chicken and sauce. I think she was jealous because she went with the empanadas and it only came with 2. The prices are reasonable considering the portion/sides you get. Okay I'm not done, we had dessert and it blew my mind. I had the chocolate bandido- warm chocolate cake with chocolate sauce and vanilla cream anglaise. It was topped with some kind of cookie. My friend had the Profiteroles Puff Pastry filled with pastry cream, served over Vanilla cream anglaise cream, drizzled with chocolate sauce & candied walnuts. She loved it so much, it's one of the highlights of our trip.The place started filling up quickly but it didn't excuse our two different waiters from disappearing throughout the night. We waited too long to get the dessert menu and even longer to get our check.
Peruvian goodness is what this place is made of. It was super busy on a Friday night, and we waited a bit despite making reservations for our party of 7 at 8 o'clock. Eventually, we were herded down to the basement area of the restaurant with another full bar where it was extremely loud. The atmosphere was full of vibrance, party and laughter- definitely several decibels higher than the upstairs seating area.They were so busy and seemed to need some help with the service. So it was slow at times. Several times, they came back to the table and forgot our drinks. We were left with no water and nothing but heaps of empty dishes. Until several of us turned our attention away from the table, they started hustling with the water, filling our drink orders finally and bussing dishes. If it weren't for the friendly servers and the excellent food, I would have definitely dinged this place down another star. The service could use improvement. We ordered some soft, flavorful, juicy rotisserie chicken initially and ended up ordering more totalling a chicken and a half. The ceviche was fresh with a bit of that sweet potato and big kernels of corn- very tart with the lime. The yucca fries were just that- good and had some great dipping sauces to go with it including a nice cilantro chimichurri. The Lomito Saltado was stir-fried juicy sirloin strips cooked to perfection with onions, tomato, soy sauce and a side of fries. We got a version of this with just veggies too- also very good and full of rich flavors. We also got empanadas. I can't remember which one. They were okay- better for dipping. The truffle mac & cheese was to die for. We ended up ordering 4 plates of that. I think each person would have liked to have their own though!Overall, it was a fun, festive place to dine with a large party. Don't expect impeccable service though. Also, expect a loud party ambiance- probably not the best choice for a first date. Yes, I'd definitely come back for the food. Loud doesn't bother me!
Tasty, small portion, and expensive. We ordered the Tartara de Tuna, paella, Ceviche Mixto, as well as their Empanadas Carne. They tasted great but they came with a very small portion and it was expensive as well. It also took while to get the food.
Food was good, but not great. The chicken was pretty tasty, though.Service was very slow for our group of four - my wife would have had another glass of wine, but the next thing I know, the bill was on our table.Then, minutes after paying the bill (having only been at the table for about 90 minutes) we were rudely and abruptly informed that another group had been waiting for a table for about 30 minutes, and unless we wanted to order something else, that we should please get up and leave.I'm sorry, but I have never been treated so rudely at a restaurant in this way. It's fine if you want to set expectations up front about the timeframe for a reservation to be 2 or 2.5 hours (which they did not), but you certainly should never shame diners to get them to give up the table for others.Definitely won't be coming back.
Get all the things! Yucca fries and empanadas come with a bunch of sauces they offer. Definitely get the rotisserie chicken and the side rice dish (forgot what it was called) and finally the lomito saltado which is def an experience the first time you try it. Beef cooked in soy sauce with fries and vegetables? it works. it works too well.
My friend took me for lunch today. We shared the ceviches, a couple side dish and a half chicken. The white sangria was so tasty. I will recommend my friends here.
Excellent service! The place was very busy (dinner rush), but the server still made sure to ask if everything was okay several times. Half chicken - So flavorful I only used the sauce trio on parts of the chicken breast.Sweet potato fries - really good, especially with the sauces.Yuca fries - burned my mouth on these and didn't really have any flavor. Oh well, the sauces fix everything :)Tacu tacu - mildly flavored and very filling (it is rice & beans, after all).Pisco sour - oh my god. so so strong.
The ambiance is very romantic. However, most of the food is just average. It's not bad, but it's not mouth-watering. At the end of our meal, a bug landed and committed suicide. As we were close to done, we didn't mention it to the server. The rotisserie chicken itself is not bad. The ceviche is actually really good. The dessert should be skipped.
I just left a review for the other location and felt compelled to leave one for this location as well since I have had nothing but positive experiences at either location.5 stars for food:This place has the best rotisserie chicken I've ever had and the salad + veggies are delicious.5 stars for service:This place can get busy, but they've always delivered my food EXTREMELY fast and every time I'm pleasantly surprised.I have never been even slightly disappointed here and will continue coming back when I'm in the area.
The food was DELICIOUS. The moment we walked through the door we were greeted by a smell that made me eager to get to the food. The atmosphere is nice and very social. Definitely not a place to enjoy a quiet dinner. To drink- a pitcher of yummy white sangria Now the food: We ordered the ceviche mixto which was just the beginning of the amazing food to follow. The Lomito saltado's fries were cooked to perfection and not one was left behind. The short rib's were tender and the sauce on the dish was SO flavorful and complimented the short ribs very well. The truffle Mac and cheese was the first of its kind that I've had that actually tasted like truffle, and I order truffle Mac and cheese anywhere that has it. The chicken empanadas were nice and flaky on the outside and the filling was out of this world. My sister almost cried, no lie. Sweet potato fries couldn't be better than that. My absolute favorite dish, maybe ever, was the Chicharron de Pollo. Crispy chicken on the outside and juicy on the inside. The flavor explosion was an experience in itself and the light sauce on the side was the perfect match. I could eat it all day every day. Overall one of the best dining experiences I've had, this is coming from someone who makes it a point to research and dine at the most delicious places when visiting a city. Lucky for me, this ones in the city I live in!
I had the lengua with mashed potatoesPros: YUM! the lengua and mashed potatoes were so tender, flavorful, and filling. The plate was properly garnished and appetizing. Try itAvailable seating Friendly attentive waiters They leave you with the water so you don't have to constantly call them to refill. Clean Lots of delish dishes that are filling Bang for your buck. Affordable for a nice dinner for two. Def a nice place to take a date and not look like a cheap bastard lol. Cons:Kinda too noisy. It was hard to have a conversation. BUT none of that really matters if you're there for the delicious food! Street parking
Awesome food, strong drinks, and friendly service. We were too busy eating all the yummy food, to take a picture of it! The mushrooms, chicken empanadas, and alfajores are too yummy to pass up! Also loved the chicken, rice & beans, and sauteed veggies. Thanks Limon!
Love the food there. Ensalada russa, empada de carne and Carne A La Parilla are my favorite ones. I just removed one start duo to the staff. They always take really long to come to our table. I think they can't handle to many people in the restaurant at the same time.
Meh is right. Not sure why this place is getting such high ratings other than folks have not had the opportunity to try to many Peruvian places. My wife is Peruvian so when we have a chance we like to try out new places when we travel. Limon is located on a corner in the Mission district but parking is a challenge. We managed to find a parking spot a couple blocks away however we encountered several homeless people pan handling along the way and the stench of urine was not a good way to set off the experience, We noticed San Francisco seems to have an abundant supply of homeless people at least compared to Seattle.  We came in and were seated very quickly even during what I would consider a peak lunch time. The place tries to be uptown swanky but has a bit of a sports bar vibe to it with the TVs which had soccer on. Given their name I suspect their specialty is the chicken,but my wife was set on Ceviche Mixto and Jalea which were priced about $14 each. The idea was that we'd share both and that should be enough to suffice.......boy we ere wrong.My wife went to the restroom during which time the waiter brought the Ceviche. When my wife came back and saw the little plate, she commented on how small the serving was compared to other places we've eaten. Indeed it was more of an appetizer than a full course. The taste was good, but we were very disappointed with size for the price.We should have known the same would be true of the Jalea for it arrived on a small plate as well and is usually about 1/3 the size you'd find at other places. About half way through my wife asked for Aji sauce which is pretty much a staple at all Peruvian places. Although each place seems to have it's own recipe its usually jalepeno peppers with Mayo or Aji oil and cilantro, regardless its usually delicious. The waiter said they didn't even have the green sauce. I though what self respecting Peruvian restaurant doesn't carry this sauce? Evidently Limon. After a long period of time chatting with the chef and when we had all but finished the "overwhelming" portion of Jalea, the waiter does bring out an orange Aji sauce. Something finish are last 2 pieces of the Jalea I guess. After noticing we had finished the jalea the waiter quickly came over cleared the dishes and asked if we wanted dessert. To which I said no, and no sooner said he dropped the bill on the table. I went to reach for the bill and a busboy came over and began to wipe down the table. I felt like we were being rushed out the door although I don't know why because it wasn't busy at all. I looked at the bill and noticed we had been charged an extra $1.50 for the sauce (unheard of at most places) that we didn't even get to use.  So for a total of $34 we had 2 appetizers and an unused sauce.  So based on portion size, price and lack of service this is not a Peruvian restaurant I'd recommend at all. To those who give it such high ratings.....you need to get out more and try better Peruvian food. I've had better in a food truck and gotten better service as well.
Best ceviche I've ever had. Everything from the Lomo Saltado to the Chicken was delicious!
This place is not good. Here is why, the rice was uncooked, the services was really bad , we had to ask the guy for water otherwise he would walk by and look at the empty glass of water on the table and he would not fill it up. We asked for Tabasco which is free anywhere you and he changed us 1.50 for it. Never come here again.
The bill was $120 I left a $20 dollar tip, my statement shows an overcharge totaling $240.Enough said!!!!
I don't know how to start this review because honestly, I was disappointed. This has been on our "To Eat" list for more than a year. 2000+ reviews and a solid 4 stars? C'mon, it was suppose to be guaranteed deliciousness. Darn. I had one main problem with many of the dishes: really, really salty. (We ordered at least 3 or each dish, too, by the way, so it wasn't just that one.) I will now categorize everything accordinglyGOOD- Truffle Mac & Cheese- Tartara de Tuna- Sweet Potato Fries- Trio Aji Sauces- Pisco Sour- Sangria SALTY- Rotisserie Chicken (Whole)- Carne Empanadas- "Lomito" Saltado (sirloin strips and fries)- Chicharron de Pollo- Arroz con Mariscos (Peruvian style paella)- Lengua a la ParillaOKAY- Yuca fries- Ceviche MixtoI intend to try this place again. I need to know if my tongue was broken that night ..or maybe the solution is to bring a bowl of white rice. Small note: it was my friend's birthday, and not that it's required by any means, but with the size of our group and the amount of food we ordered ($400+), it would have been nice to get some small complimentary dessert for the birthday boy. This wasn't a factor in my review, but just a FYI for other's going for birthdays
Went for dinner with friends from out of town last night and it was amazing! They accommodated the 5 of us during a busy dinner hour to a nice table by the window. I had the ceviche with fish and shrimp and the Lomo Saltado, both had so mush flavor it was absolutely delicious! Friends loved their half chickens as well, can't wait to go back
This food is SO delicious - but the portions are pretty small. Don't come here on a completely empty stomach unless you plan on ordering a little extra (to be fair I think their Mission location gives you larger portions, but they were really rude to me and my group). The customer service is really great here, however I think the servers really busy at times so there is a bit of a delay. I will come back and eat their yummy chicken,tuca tuca, and salad!
What a great place to eat! the atmosphere is great, its a good deal for what you get, and finally a place to bring the picky eater! My favorite part is the cocktail menu, they have an assortment of specialty drinks that are for sure some of the bests drinks you will find in San Francisco
Some times the best experiences in life come from the unexpected. Sandy and I were frolicking in the city this past weekend when we suddenly became hungry during dead hour (In case you don't know what that means, it's those few hours between lunch and dinner rush). We checked nearby restaurants and Sandy suggested Limon Rotisserie after reading the reviews. I have to admit, she's been on a roll picking places to eat so I thought I'd ride her streak a little longer. A Peruvian restaurant for the masses offering mouthwatering rotisserie chicken, small plates, tapas and specialty drinks. The most frustrating part about your dining experience will be deciding on what to order - everything sounds and looks amazing. You won't find guinea pig on their menu (a Peruvian staple), however, their chicken is on-point in the flavor department. SERVICE: Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Enough said. QUARTER CHICKEN - DARK MEAT ~ 5 stars: Moist. Fall-off-the-bone. Aromatic. Tender. Excellent flavor. Those are just a few ways to describe how good Limon's chicken is. You can tell how much work they put into each one. The chicken is cooked perfectly. They do an excellent job of seasoning the skin, the flavor vessel, and the meat is tender and juicy. I regretted not getting a whole chicken! If you order any of their chicken options, you're given three sauces. I know one was chimichurri but I'm not sure what the other two were. However, I think one was a mustard based sauce and that was by far my favorite - went perfectly with our chicken. YUCA FRIES ~ 4 stars: Crunchy on the outside with a flaky interior. Excellent when dipped into the sauces you get with your chicken. I wouldn't get these if you plan on eating them on its own. Without sauce, these things won't wow you.TACU TACU ~ 5 stars: Mashed beans mixed with rice and then sauteed. It's hard to imagine unless you experience it firsthand. It's dense so your hardest not to eat too much. However, this sh*t was amazing. Slightly salty, great texture, a mellow sear to provide a slight crunch and absolutely awesome. TRUFFLE MAC & CHEESE ~ 4.5 stars: I know, I know. This is not a traditional Peruvian dish, however, Sandy wanted to try it. It didn't disappoint. The mac was cooked perfectly and the cheese sauce was mellow, not too sharp, not too salty. The actual truffle flavor kind of gets lost in the richness but it does subtly come through once in awhile. You won't find any shaved truffles in this dish because they use truffle oil, which, if you didn't know, doesn't come close to the real deal. However, this gourmet mac & cheese is a must. ENSALADA MIXTA SALAD ~ 2 stars: The lone disappointment of our meal. The salad wasn't tossed so the dressing was sitting on top. All the greens on the bottom didn't get any love. The bowl was small and not ideal for mixing. Other than that, the flavor was bland. I'd pass on this. Even though we had a late lunch/early dinner here this past Saturday at around 3:15pm, it was still pretty crowded. I can't imagine how packed it gets during dinner, especially on the weekends. They have a limited number of tables so they can't take that many guests at one time. Reservations are highly recommended if you plan on going during their dinner rush.
Amazing Peruvian food found here! Came for dinner on a Saturday night and ended up sitting at the bar to avoid the wait. We ordered the ceviche, rotisserie chicken, beef tongue, fried yucca, vegetable empanada and skirt steak. My first bite was the ceviche and with one bite alone I was mind blown by the complexity and depth of flavors. I'm a big Cumin fan and if you are too you will definitely enjoy the ceviche and chicken. The restaurant also serves three different sauces to go with your chicken. The green sauce that reminded me of chimichurri was so good. One note, the food came out extremely fast. Wish they had given you some time to get a few things out of the way first. A few people that we dined with also mentioned that the food was on the salty side but I was fine. Can't wait to go back, too bad it's so far away!
I've been to Limn a few times for dinner and I'm never disappointed!The biggest downside is that the space is a bit cramped and the wait times can be long, especially if you come without a reservation.That being said, the food and beverages are simply delicious and worth the wait. I'm a fan of the pisco sour cocktails, especially since I am not in to super sweet drinks. The chicken is one of the best ones I've had and is only made better by the sauces they include with it. I always find it hard to decide which sides I want when I go but they are all solid choices.
Came for dinner on a Thursday night- main floor was pretty packed already so we were guided to the basement level. Ordered the Lomito and it was absolutely DELICIOUS - juicy steak and fries in a flavorful sauce. Cocktails were also on point. A beautiful restaurant, great vibe and amazing service. Can't wait to come here again soon!!
A pleasant, reasonably priced restaurant. Good for out of town guests to provide a reasonably priced meal with real San Francisco feel and buzz.Feedback:1. The grilled vegetables side dish is very good2. The rice/bean combo side dish (that has a localized name) is forgettable in my book, tastes like it escaped from a burrito. 3. Paella that tasted vey good but was slow out of the kitchen.4. The mac and cheese side dish was good. 6. The yucca fries side dish are to die for, and I don't even like french fries. Wonderful batter and taste. Order extras as they go fast.7. Kudos for the sangria. Really fresh flavor.8. Their premier mixed drinks are just eh.9. Good rotisserie chicken. Mine was a little dry, but that may have been because of a very busy Friday night. I will try again when I come back.
Came here on a whim with an old buddy I hadn't seen in awhile. Wise Sons was too packed, so we decided to take a walk on over to here. He had been to one of their other locations and said the food was pretty solid and I'd had this place on my radar for awhile, so was excited to check it out.Upon entering, noticed the place had a nice and comfortable atmosphere to it. We were quickly greeted by our waiter, taken to a table and given menus. Demonstrating our strong mathematical acumen, we both decided to get an order of half chicken meal at $14.99 instead of splitting the whole chicken meal that cost $25.99 or whatever it was. Settled for a water, since I didn't want anything sweet, while my friend ordered a drink. He might as well have ordered water as well, because they never brought out his beverage and he had to literally get up and walk to the kitchen, where the employees were just mingling and laughing, to inform them. Great service! Anyways, back to the food. Their signature Pollo a la Brasa was juicy and tender as can be. The marinade had wonderful flavor, but it was a little too heavy on the salt, as was the case with everything we had here. Would've been perfect if they had lessened the sodium content. The tacu tacu was good and unique, having the rice and beans all sauted together, but got lukewarm fast and that took away from the dish. Made a huge mistake selecting the papas fritas as my other side. They were so limp and weak, they might as well not have been fried. And, I'd bet decent money they weren't even fried that hour (mostly likely leftovers sitting around).Would like to try out some of their other locations and other stuff on the menu, so I'm sure I'll be back, but wasn't too impressed by this visit as the employees were much too lackadaisical in regards to service (even for city standards) and the food was consistently too salty.
Love Limon. This is one of my favorite place to go. Food is consistent, service is good and drinks are always on point. I just wished they did brunch..
Was here last night, second time back to Limon and it definitely stands out as a top top Peruvian joint in SF. The Rotisserie chicken is to die for and definitely a must have if its your first time, same for the sweet potato fries. Mac n cheese was a bit light on the truffle, otherwise had an awesome freshness to it. Love the decor and feel at this place, wouldn't mind coming and just hanging out at the bar.
Let me tell you a story... A story about the worst dining experience of my life. Made a dinner reservation for 8 pm for 12 for a friend's birthday. If getting sat at our table at 9 pm was the only issue, I still probably would not bothered to write a review. That being said, the service was truly awful, especially considering the one warm beer I recieved after actually have been given a place to sit down a full hour after our "reservation" time. Stay away at all costs, unless you have no desire to sit, eat, or feel like he restaurant actually cares that you are there at all.P.S. If you are tricked into attending this unabashed hellhole, get the ceviche!
Needed a place to grab drinks and apps with a group of 8 before heading to Mission Bowl for a company event. Limn is great! Quick service and great prices make it no-brainer if you need somewhere in this area that accepts reservations. Rundown on the grub: - Mac & Cheese: I don't generally like Mac & Cheese - this was great - Ceviche Mixto: good, but pass - "Lomito" Saltado: fantastic - Tuna Tartar: perfect
The food here is amazing. I had the beef tongue small hot plate. The thing just melts in your mouth. Also had the chicken; the portion under the wing was oversalted (which I can see why/how it happens.) It was good, but not life changing. The yuca fries are also a must order. They even have Fever Tree club soda. They were short two staff members when I went. Even the bartender was bussing tables and such. The restaurant is sort of on the smaller side, with them being popular it's understanding that there will be a slight wait. Given the situation, the customer service was excellent. I only wished the portions were a bit bigger. The menu sort of forces you to get chicken if you want to be full... or order a ton of small plates.
Food is great but three stars because the host is straight up retarded. Her English is broken number one and she doesn't know what she's doing. Another thing.. Make reservations because they are retarded with taking walk ins. They will serve reservations first .. And than deal with walk ins. Weird..
excellent chicken. I definitely recommend just ordering a whole chicken to go. great for two peopledo not order the pisco sour. it was gross. other than that, i suggest whole chicken because the portions are a bit on the smaller side.EDIT: Yes the Pisco Sour was not that good. Some background on that: too many egg whites were used, and always ask for the Pisco Porton version. I was unfortunate enough to get the hami-something one. Last, there was way too much simple syrup used in the Pisco sour. What separates a good Pisco Sour from a bad Pisco Sour is....yes, the latter part of the iconic drink's name. Most likely, Limon cheaped out and just added basic-ass sweet and sour mix instead of full lemon/lime juice. It shouldn't have been that sweet! Truly, you guys do your fantastic rotisserie chicken and lomito salteado injustice with offering a Pisco Sour national cocktail of this quality. Boo. But seriously, the food is good. And always ask for dark meat chicken. Everyone knows that dark meat is the juiciest.
Highly recommended. The chicken is top notch and the sides are good too. I thoroughly enjoyed everything. The flavor of the chicken is amazing truly high quality chicken.
okay, get reservations on a friday or saturday, or else, you are never going to eat. We showed up @ 7:00PM to put our names down to eat, lady told us 35-45 minutes. We left and came back after 20 and hung around the bar for our seats. We had 5 in our party and figured it wouldn't take too long. Let's begin.drinks ordered, round of pisco sours, yum, drink of choice at this place, get it. 30minutes later, waitlist hasn't budged one name. round 2 of pisco sours, with 2 appetizers, yucca fries, double yum. 30 minutes later, really hungry now. Asked the host what the deal was and she said that reservations take up the whole place and IF there are tables, then they refer to the waitlist, otherwise the reservations get tables first. This is when we start to get really angry, this policy is fine, and it's great that they can work off reservations only all night, but it's absolutely awful and not very great service orientation if you don't let the patrons know what the reality of the situation is. To tell us 30 and have us wait for 2 hours, didn't give us much an option of decide for ourselves how to organize our night, instead stood for and hour and a half. So we spent the last hour ordering at the bar instead and eating standing, which wasn't an issue but, had we known the wait was long, we wouldn't have been so frustrated. Anyways, after the food came we all were happy again (easily pleased crowd). We made the order simple, lots of orders of qtr chicken dark with tacu tacu and more yucca fries, veggie empanadas, truffle mac & cheese and ceviche. Mac and cheese was definitely amazing, its always nice to eat a super creamy mac n cheese. Chicken was really good as well with some exciting spices and moist meat.Will come back for the food, I was here before on a weekday and just did a walk in right around dinner time and it was fine. But Fri & Sat are crazy days to come here I guess.
It's a good place! Small dining area but very good service. Their specialty is chicken, lomito saltado is okay :) the only thing is chicha morada ( special Peruvian drink made of black Corn) if you are looking for a quality chicha morada, don't order it from here as it comes in a bottle and is just average. Good yuca and tacu though.
This restaurant has terrible customer service. My boyfriend and I arrived for our 8pm Saturday night reservation and waited at the hostess stand for at least 7 minutes before any sign of a employee arrived to greet us. Then she continues to answer a phone call and disregard us for another 5 minutes. When we finally get seated (crappiest seat - right next to the door and inches from the hostess stand) it take 15 minutes for a server to come to our table. We ordered the truffle Mac and cheese, petrole sole and lomo steak entree. Although the food was nothing to complain about, my boyfriends dish arrived 15 minutes before mine.. Causing him to sit there impatiently with a full dinner in front of him. This is terrible customer service!!!I would consider trying this place again on a weeknight because of the food, but if I see the same hostess as I did tonight I would be walking straight out the door. I've also been a hostess in several restaurants before so I know the proper etiquette and she should be removed immediately!!! Again, just overall terrible customer service.
The food here is amazing. Good service cocktails are great as well. I think the best thing is the steak and french fry plate.
I'm a huge fan of Peruvian broiled chicken, and this place has some of the best. The chicken is well seasoned and juicy; even the white meat is most and delicious. It's served with three different types of sauce, each with its own unique flavor - spicy, creamy, and smoky. The yuca and sweet potato fries that come with the chicken are top notch. We also got some of the other dishes, but the chicken is the clear star of the show.
The food was delicious, and you can watch the Copa America's soccer game, but we had a terrible experience with a waiter who told us we had to leave soon because he had other reservations! We paid a large bill, and he was very rude! Won't come again!
Amazing flavors! We weren't very hungry but we devoured our food. We had the half chicken with yuka fries (phenomenal), ceviche, beet salad, and Carne empanada. The chicken melts in your mouth and is flavored perfectly. There wasn't anything we disliked, the flavors were so varied and interesting. The staff were friendly and helpful. Great for a Latin American meal. Highly recommend.
I finally got to try Limon out with family and friends a few days ago. When I first stepped in the restaurant, I noticed a loud crowd of somewhat either students, party people, or just families. There is a top floor and bottom floor which I think carries most of the larger sized parties. We had a party of 15 so therefore we sat downstairs.Now we all had the pre-fix of $32 each which included small apps. Nothing stood out but the tar tar. I was actually annoyed of the small sizes of the apps. I mean it's expensive!! Not worth it. Then the rotisserie chicken comes out with 3 different sauces. The chicken is actually good BUT I'd still take Costco chicken anyway. I think the hen rub on the meat was subtle and the white meat was a bit dry. Bottom line, after paying over $600 for all this, I don't think it's worth it. The Peruvian food isn't even all that good. I've personally had a better experience at this other location in San Jose, CA. The apps are a joke to me, I'm sorry. How the hell do you expect hungry people to share a small bowl of salad for ONE?!?! WTF? The chicken was just ehh.. I did like the Sangrias though! I'll give them credit for this. I would not come back
Omg the portions here are so small yet so expensive. We ordered the ceviche, tuna tartar, and sweet potato fries. The fries were good, but I don't think the other food was worth the $$.
Food: 3.5 The half-chicken had crispy skin but tender meat with a kick of lemon and spices. The sides Ryan K. chose were ensalada and tacu tacu (sauteed rice & beans). Ensalada was basic and had barely flavorful dressing. The tacu tacu was dry and had an odd texture.I tried the yuca fries and the truffle mac & cheese. Yuca fries were chewy and fresh and went well with the sauces that came with the half-chicken. Truffle mac & cheese was ok: could have come from Panera Bread though.Dessert was delicious though: panna cotta w/mango was just the right smooth texture and right amount of tartness from the mini mango slices.Drink: 4Divine Pasin was sweet and tart: almost tasted like plain juice with only a hint of alcohol. Pisco Sours appeared to be a hit amongst my friends.Service: 1This was my friend's bachelorette outing. She chose this place because she had heard great things about it. We were unfortunately given a table in the back corner of the basement. The waiters basically ignored us unless one of us waved them down. Meanwhile, the tables around us got above-par service. I had to request for water twice and they didn't "remember" to bring the water until Ryan K. flagged them down. I understand that California is suffering a severe drought right now, but that didn't seem to be a problem for the other tables around us. We ended up staying until close to closing time (because of the nonexistent service) and we wanted our checks...however, where did all the waiters go? They did not seem to care about our table anymore.I understand that Limn was busy last night. However, it wasn't so busy that the waiters could ignore us as much as they did (while other tables were showered with attention).Atmosphere: 2Way too loud to enjoy our dinner and gathering together. Many of the other tables were so incredibly obnoxious, as if they were having dinner at home or something. This was a weeknight, people. Calm down.Price: 3For a trendy, popular restaurants, the prices were average: between $10-$15 per person depending on how many small plates you go for.Overall: 3This is a generous rating, considering the atmosphere and the servers' poor service. Redeeming factors were some menu items and the drinks.In summary: not willing to go back again unless you give me a good reason to do so.
I don't know how they ended up with an average of 4 stars... Food is not bad but not incredible either. Don't get the SangriaPrice is excessive for the food, the setting or the service. It seriously is a RIPOFF. There are so many good restaurants in SF, so just avoid this one.
Rotisserie chicken was pretty tasty but the sauces made it top notch. Highly recommend lomo saltado. Steak was cooked Perfectly! Not sure what the sauce was but it was heaven! Had side orders of vegetables and yucca potatoes. Recommend the veggies! Cherry on top was that our waiter was super sweet and friendly. Can't complain! Mom and I had a great lunch here. :)
This place was good.. I loved their ceviche although the portion size was a bit small. Although this place is also known for their chicken, I just ended up getting the ceviche. I have to say though the ceviche in Peru was definitely better, but hey that's a high standard to live up to.
Dinner here is ok! Not the most amazing thing...the only reason why they got 3 stars is because of our waiter but for what I paid for my plate doest justify portion size...Tip to owner or staff: restroom area should be kept clean at all times.
It's as if street food has been gentrified along with the rest of Valencia Street -- with none of the flair. The servers were attentive, and the drinks were well made. Enough to garner this place two stars. Alas, the same could not be said for the food. Being frequent visitors of Peruvian restaurants, we found this one woefully lacking. The reason? Salt. And a lot of it. I had the misfortune of having to send the grilled octopus back. I wanted to savor seafood not taste the ocean. Perhaps the chef is a heavy smoker, and has lost the ability to taste. Regardless, it was apparent to everyone around the table that reservations should be made when using the salt shaker.
Still a great restaurant. I take all my out of town guest and have my birthdays there. The creepers to touched me inappropriately there has been gone for years. history.
I came to Limon awhile back with a friend who highly recommended it.I'm sure it is normally a great place; however, my first (and probably last time) coming here, they brought out a chicken dish (Chicharron De Pollo) which was fantastic.. until I bit into a piece of chicken that was undercooked. It was pink and almost clucking at me. I mentioned that to the waiter and he looked at me as if I was ridiculous for even mentioning it. What made it even WORST was that he took the dish, dumped the pieces back into the fryer, and then brought it back out to me. Uh, are you serious? You served me undercooked chicken which could have caused me to get ill, and then you served me the SAME chicken which was now OVERcooked, and then charged me for it with no type of apology.None of the dishes after that were good enough to make up for the undercooked chicken and the lack of service that I received. It also made me paranoid because then I had to start checking the rest of the food that I was eating.That alone caused me to not want to come back to this place. Not to mention that the layout is poor and the dining area was extremely cramped.
I recommend the Chicken! Juicy and full of flavor. I also had their Chicha Morada (Purple Corn Juice) which was on the sweet/sour side but good overall. Only flaw would be finding parking around the area.
Had a girls night here and shared a bottle of wine - food was delicious but the portions were quite small...Pluses - food had a lot of flavor and came with dipping sauces, the chicken was good (that's what they're known for)Minuses - tiny portions - the yuca fries came with about 5 pieces and some dishes were just hard to share between us, would not bring my boyfriend here because he'd leave hungry
Absolutely fabulous dinner with the only negative being that our table was 20 mins late.We ordered several dishes and shared enabling us to sample a good portion of the menu. Highlights included the roasted chicken (+sauces), ceviche, and steak.  We also had a lamb stir fry that was superb. For such a crowded restaurant service was fast and attentive.  Can't wait for my next trip to SF to visit Limon again.
Great food! This was my second time at Limon. The ceviche is just amazing.The drinks menu is as big as the food options :)Highly recommend it. I prefer the other location for it's ambiance.great service. Delicious food. Reasonable prices!!
Because the response from Limon to my original review was so generic and pretty much saying that they didn't really care, minus 1 star. Again, food was good; service: far from the best.
Don't leave without trying to White Truffle Mac n Cheeeeese. You're welcome. Ok, you can leave without trying these other items, but I wouldn't suggest it:- sangria (perfect blend of fruit flavor and wine)- the empanadas, with the dip- the boneless braised beef (comes with a couple potatoes and a really great sauce)- sweet potato fries- red beans and rice- the minty chutney sauce that comes with every mealMake a reservation! We made a reservation for 6. I was running SUPER late because coming from Marin on a Saturday evening wasn't a bright idea without leaving an extra hour for traffic. We were seated in a darling little table by the windows. The restaurant itself is cozy with TVs for game nights. There are tables all around and seating at the bar. Our waitress left a little to be desired. I asked her for a couple extra spoons (for the rice and the boneless braised beef), and she rolled her eyes and asked, "for what?" I wanted to reply, for whatever I want, just get it, buuuuut I didn't. Besides her, the experience was great. I probably wouldn't come here for a group gathering, but I would return for a dinner with a couple girlfriends or a date. Parking is wild. Street parking in the Mission. Give yourself time to find a spot. For 3 of us: 2 sangrias, 6 or so tapas (small plates), our bill came to $98. We each put in 40 to cover tip. I'd say that's fair for the meal I had. I had several servings of my food, though the small plates were definitely small. There was still enough for the three of us to eat and for me to feel stuffed and happy.
I had a half rotisserie chicken, which came with two sides. I love that they source only free range chicken, which earns them at least two stars in my book. Taste-wise, it was just average rotisserie chicken and did not come close to the amazing chicken I had in Peru. They get another star from me for being reasonably-priced for SF ($20 for the chicken, sides, and drink).On my second visit, I had the ceviche mixto. Again, the taste was just average for a Peruvian restaurant in the U.S., and a far cry from the unbelievably tasty ceviche in Peru.
FANTASTIC. just as great as the La Fusion in the FiDiMy dishes in order of my most favorite to excellent is:- vegetarian empanada- ceviche mixto- truffle mac n cheese (less generous with truffle than La Fusion though)- lomito saltado (super juicy steak with fries swimming in that juice)- seafood Paella (a little drier than other paella but defiinitely cooked in tasty broth)- sweet potato fries (perfect texture)- tuna nikkei (refreshing and lightly seared, just how i like it. it comes with awesome garlic mashed potatoes)- rotisserie chicken (great because of the dipping sauces)- yuca fries (starchy goodness that goes great with the sauce for the chicken)Sangria was light and refreshingto find a restaurant that only serves excellent food is definitely a keeper. enough said, just eat here already!
Excellent tapas-style plates of an array of flavours! Have a reservation before you come here, it's very popular. The red wine was taken from room temperature (which at that point was around 30C in the cellar section of the restaurant) storage, which is an insult to both the wine and the drinker. The staff was friendly otherwise.
Quick summary: Rotisserie chicken was delicious, side dishes were meh, table service was excellent, hostess service needs improvement. We arrived early for our 6 o'clock reservation. Because it was early, most of the tables were still empty. The hostess surveyed the scene and promptly led us to the worst table in the room. We asked if we could sit at a better table; she said "sure, sit wherever you want" and walked off leaving us to find a table and carry our menus over ourselves. Not exactly the warmest of welcomes! Fortunately, the table service was much better: prompt, attentive and courteous. We ordered a beef empanada to share as a first course, followed by the rotisserie chicken with sides of sauted vegetables for both of us, fries for me, and sweet potato fries for my husband. Everything arrived very quickly and all at once -- despite our request, the concept of a first course didn't seem to apply. The beef empanada was good but not exceptional. The rotisserie chicken had crispy skin, was cooked exactly right, and tasted delicious! The sauted vegetables were overcooked and not very flavorful. Both of the fries were unexciting -- floppy, a little greasy, and not at all crispy -- with the sweet potato fries probably the better of the two. But really, floppy fries? Why bother? Because the food arrived so quickly and all at once, the meal was over very quickly. Not a place to linger over dinner and conversation! I guess Limn bills itself as a Peruvian place, but it doesn't seem like one at all. Too many of the classic Peruvian dishes are missing from the menu, and the dishes we had, at least, lacked typical Peruvian flavor. If you're looking for delicious rotisserie chicken, though, you might consider this place, but definitely don't order the sides we ordered! On our way out, we said thank you to the hostess, but she was far too busy chatting with her friends/coworkers to take any notice.
Just had this for dinner yesterday, and this place exceeded my expectation!I had this place bookmarked for awhile, but never really got around to it because there's so many other places I want to try too.. I mean, how special can their rotisserie chicken be right? I was wrong! Their chicken was seasoned perfectly and the sauces that accompanied it were killer! I don't think my experience would have been this great without it. Also, the sides that it came with was good too, especially the rice and beans. We also got an order of the lengua-- beef tongue. It sounds so chewy and rubbery, but from all the stellar reviews, we opted to get it. I was wrong again! It was so tender and fully seasoned.. Honestly, if you didn't tell me it was beef tongue, I would have never known!I honestly can't wait to come back and try other items here like the ceviche and empanadas. Glad I checked this one off of my bookmark list!
Limon is close to my house, so it's an easy pick when I'm in the mood to go out... but not to walk too far. There's a small area inside the door next to the host's station, so I often feel in the way while I wait for the host's attention. The good side effect of that is the host is usually pretty quick to move people through that crowded area and get them to their seats. Despite the entryway's diminutive size, the restaurant is larger than it appears-- they have both a street-level bar/kitchen/dining area, and a larger basement bar/dining room. The basement isn't as awful as you'd think a room without windows might be-- dark, yes, but decorated nicely-- but it can feel lonely (or private, depending how you look at it) if you're arriving on the early or super-late end of dinner service. It seems they try to put larger-party (5+) reservations and walk-ins downstairs, and smaller-party reservations only on the main floor.As for the menu, they recently updated some items which make their "Limon specials" pretty reasonable: the tuna is served in two shareable steaks, and the ribeye beef used to be a few strips of meat in a tapas-sized plate, but is now a full steak entree that I find decently portioned to share (along with another small plate to share if you're really hungry, as I was).I'm partial to any of the ceviches, but I do wish they came with the taro chips that accompany the tuna tartare. The rotisserie chicken is tasty, but (as with most rotisserie chicken) I find it a bit on the salty side.
I always loved this place my fianc introduce me to this place 3 years ago and every time I go I always enjoy the food there very consistent. My favorite is the "lomito" saltado and chicharron de pollo, this place is great if you love Fusion and Peruvian food this is the place for you!!!
There's "rotisserie" in the restaurant's name for a reason. Go for the chicken. It reminds me a bit of the rotisserie chicken I can get from the farmer's market at Upper Haight. But sooo much better! Less salty, more tender, and thoughtfully seasoned. I prefer dark over white and would probably just get a quarter of the dark next time instead of half a chicken. The half was way too much for me and my friend (also a small female Asian) to finish.One of the specials of the day was mahi mahi grilled with a tasty soy sauce based sauce over a bed of veggies including green beans, mushrooms, and garlic. This was good except that the green beans were sour and expired. You know that taste when you try to eat leftovers that have been in your fridge for 2 weeks...or when you have that veggie you left in there for too long but you decide to cook with it anyway because you don't want to waste $. That's exactly how the green beans tasted and it's the reason why I can't in good conscience give this restaurant more than 3 stars, as much as I enjoyed the chicken and fish.Another plus is that all chicken orders come with your choice of two sides. The waiter recommended veggies (which included even more inedible green beans, unfortunately) and sweet potato fries. I think next time I'd stick with the tacu tacu since I like to eat rice with my chicken, but the sweet potato fries were a delight. Very delicious.Anyway, if I happen to be in the Mission, I wouldn't mind coming here (although I think I prefer Cha-Cha-Cha). I do recommend making a reservation--Limon isn't big and it gets crowded, fast.
The whole chicken is yummy, and I like the cocktails. Good choice for large groups and special occasions.
One thing I don't like is bad service. We were barely sitting there for 10 minutes when we were asked if we were done and they could take our plates. We had food left so this was really weird.   We were further rushed by our server continually throughout the meal asking us every few minutes. It became really annoying. He even started to wipe up the table when we had barely gotten through the chicken. Ridick! He seemed like he had done hellllla lines before serving us.We also had people lined up and down our table waiting for a table. It was disgusting b/c their asses were in our face and food. One person even flipped our dish over with their ass. #GROSS. They should really have an area for people to wait because we were extremely crowded. We were also sat an hour after our reservation. This was not cool b/c it was a friend's party and so things got disorganized and stressful.All around a very bad experience. Think twice if you are going here - it's stressful and chaotic.
Yum! Been here twice and had a great experience both times. The Rotisserie Chicken is what they're known for and its perfectly (hate to say it, but...) moist and flavorful. The sauces they give you are all so good , I couldn't get enough. Also, order the truffle mac and cheese! So far, I've loved everything on the menu and they have great drinks, too. This is definitely a new go-to restaurant for me!
Was in town on Business, co-worker took us here. This was my second time here and everyone loved it! It was my first experience with Peruvian food and I only wish this was up in Seattle. Oh well. First time we sat downstairs and was a bit more of a laid back atmosphere than upstairs. .  We seriously had about 20 dishes between us (7 people 1st trip, 4 people second time) and I really can't think of a bad dish. The Ceviche, Tapas, Chicken, I only wish I could remember the rest. The Lychee Sour was a bit strange at first, but it tends to grow on you. Definitely will be back next time I'm in town.
The rotisserie chicken here is so good! It is well worth the hype. I have been here several times with friends for dinner. We also held my friend's rehearsal dinner here. It was so wonderful. You can't go wrong with any of their tapas but their yuca fries are especially good. They have a great variety. I recommend making a reservation if you can. There can be quite a wait.
The place was super busy when I came in with a big group of coworkers on a Friday night. Seating took a while despite our reservation but once seated we had a great time. Whole rotisserie chicken: seasoned perfectly! It came with three different and really delicious Peruvian sauces but the seasoning was so good you didn't even need those! Truffle Mac and cheese: If I wasn't sharing it with five other people, I would have devoured it all in under five minutes. SO GOOD! The truffle oil made it addictingly delicious. Empanadas: tasty filling but only two per order. Would've liked more!Overall everything was really tasty and delicious. I would absolutely go back!
Great food. Get the empanadas. I got the steak and my lady got the chicken.I realized there's definitely a minimum wait time for desert and they exceeded it. I set the personal minimum at 12 minutes. The alarm bells start sounding at around the 10 minute mark.Desert in general is a hard sell. I guess it depends on how often you eat out; we eat out enough for desert typically to never be an option. Two reasons. One, it makes the meal a little bit more expensive; tacks on anywhere between 6-16 extra bucks. Two, time. Who's got the time for desert? That's at least another half hour; I hope I did something fun last weekend cause I'm runnin out of things to talk about; this desert better be good, is all I'm thinking.It's too hard. All that momentum from a great dinner, rolling right into a what you know is going to be a great dulche l de leche, but bam! Ground to a halt; this is taking too long. I can't have a long gap between a great meal and a desert otherwise I start regretting my decisions. The longer the wait, the more likely Imma flag down the waiter and say hey buddy cancel it. At about minute 15 the waiter came by to tell us there was a mixup with the desert order. Fuckin a. Seriously dang. I can't say anything because ultimately dining to me is performance art; I don't want to interrupt the show but dang, this third act is killing me. We ended up waiting about 20 minutes for desert. I wanna say it was worth it but the cost/benefit time-is-money calculator in my head just won't let me. I mean if I told you a desert was gonna take 3 hours to make you'd prolly be thinking well shit either this is the best desert of all time or I'm about to waste three hours; it's hard to imagine when the latter wouldn't be the case. The Mango desert was very good as was the dulce de leche things. Delectable is a word I use infrequently and enjoy saying and would use to describe both deserts.Lot of action. Tons of people coming and going and moving around and being sat. Fast-moving servers and hostesses. Good atmosphere and good food.
-Cocktails-Ceviche-Yucca Fries-Chef's TiramisuI can clearly remember all this amazing stuff!
I do not understand the hype. It is on the pricey end and the wait is atrocious. I love Peruvian food and this was a disappointment.We got the Pollo la Brasa, Sangria, Yuca fries, Papas Fritas and Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron. I still love Fresca better.Tried it out with a group of friends on a Saturday night about a year ago.Not worth the wait!
Accessibility (Parking / Wait Time)0/1 Star:parking is hard to find in the area. Huge crowd outside. _____Service (Waiter / Cleanness / Ambiance)0/1 Star:downstairs seating is very loud. Cramp seating._____Taste (0=Not Edible / 1=Edible / 2=Good (average) / 3=Must Try!)2/3 Stars:the food was good but not worth the hassle in my opinion._____Overall Experience2/5 Stars_____Last WordsToo many people
The bro took us here last Friday before our concert at the Elbo Room... it was a Friday and of course every freakin' restaurant in SF is booked and happening and this place was no different...Came in... waited at the bar b/c we were early for our res... the sis-in-law and I shared their lychee sour and it was actually really good... potent good... refreshing... yes! The friend ordered the original pisco and she said she liked it too.Our table opened up... and we were led downstairs... yes, there was a downstairs and it was loud... like happy hour work folks loud. We were not SO lucky that we sat next to that loud group in the corner - therefore the sound of their yelling echoed / transferred on our ears... were we happy... no because we could hardly hear one another and it was HOT... like NO air hot. Service: since we were in the corner... our server took a while to get to us... hooray! we ordered everything right there and then... and I don't think he was quite happy since we brought our own bottle of wine. Food: whole chicken with arroz and veggies... the chicken was a bit salty... like really salty (hey Local Kitchen, maybe take note of how they do their chicken so yours won't be that bland!) It was A LOT of food for four people but we did some good damage... well more like the brother did.The friend ordered their carne a la parrilla and it was actually really good... tender goodness... and the sis-in-law had their truffle mac and cheese and that was good too... Everything was good except their chicken... go figure!?For dessert... um... I don't suggest ordering... it tasted like they got it from Trader Joes / Costco. Just get a drink elsewhere. Not worth spending it on dessert. Really - trust me, we love sweets!Price: decent for a party of four.Maybe go on a weekday that's not Friday. Maybe then you can actually have a conversation with your group!
So gooood. 1/2 chicken is enough for 2 people. The sweet potato & Yuma fries are both yummy. Sangria, yes please. Soda is served in a bottle like I like it. Wait wasn't that long & it's worth the wait anyway. Food is served sooo quickly. Love the sauces. Good service. That about sums it up!
I love coming here! Lively atmosphere, great cocktails and delicious food. A good option for a date night and great for small parties if you are inclined to share lots of smaller dishes. Prices are very reasonable given the high quality food.
It gets pretty busy during dinner, so if you can, try to come at lunch. They also have a few other locations around the city.It's a rotisserie, so you order chicken! The chicken is good and comes with a variety of dipping sauces, so you can find your favorite. It is flavorful and juicy on its own though. BUT, the reason I come back is.... their truffle mac and also the lengua (beef tongue, GROSS!.... it was my first time having it and I'm glad I had it here). Eat anything and everything and pair it with a nice glass sangria (or a pitcher, I won't judge). get your nom on!
Rotisserie Chicken is amazing. You must have the Ensalada Rusa. I highly recommend the ceviche mixto! Love this place
Came here on sat for my husband's birthday. It was a group of 8 and the food was delicious. It took a few reminders for us to be seated however the hostess seemed very overwhelmed. It was Easter weekend so it was crazy. Our group ordered pretty much everything on the menu and it was all so good. The chicken, lomito, yuca fries, the fish of the day, and the mac and cheese were all yummy. And the prices were all very reasonable. We will def be coming back.
The Service was excellent, the space is nice - Huge downstairs! - The chicken was exactly as you would expect, excellent. For Chicken it is a bit pricey minus One Star.The rice side was like sauteed cardboard... boring. minus one star. I would certainly go again, and just not get the rice!
Great food all around, excellent cocktails.fries in Lomo Saltado were well executed.Beef tenderloins in Lomito Saltado were slightly over cooked requiring chewing, I guess I should asked for medium done-ness.Yucca fries is a must order item. Pollo a la Brasa deserves a mention.
Great food and great atmosphere. Arrived 30 minutes early for reservation and they gave us a table immediately, even though they had an hour wait for people without reservations....so reservations highly recommended. We tried the Carne and Pollo Empanadas and both were excellent. The Arroz con Mariscos was good but not great. The ceviche was excellent! We had the Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron and Leche Tigre Cocktail. If you like a stronger lemon/citrus taste, I'd recommend the lather but again both were great. Yuca fries were alright, but a little bland.
On a lovely Saturday night, before heading to see Iron Man 3, I went here with the bf and bff. What more can a gal ask for? Oh yes, that's right. Great food and a trendy ambiance. That's what Limon was to all three of us. Although Limon is classified as a tapas spot, I still view it more as a traditional Peruvian restaurant. The ambiance at the Van Ness location is very trendy, modern and seductive... it draws you in deeper and deeper into what I call the Limon trance.The service was great. And I'd give the food a resounding 4 stars - vast variety, some solid stellar dishes, some so-so dishes and a great pitcher of sangria. Here's what I recommend: 1. Rotisserie Chicken (4 stars) 2. Carne Empanadas (4 stars) 3. Truffle Mac & Cheese (3 stars) 4. Lomito Saltado (5 stars)5: Yuca fries (4 stars) 6. Pitcher of Sangria (5 stars)Considering how appetizing everything looks on the menu, it's probably best to come here with a group of friends along with a divide and conquer strategy. We mean business when it comes to food, after all. Happy Eating, Yelpers!Tip: Try to get seated on the top floor for a more open vibe. The basement ambiance is a bit too dark and closed-in for my liking.
I usually do not write reviews but felt compelled herePossibly the worst service ever. Just left after being seated in front of 3 other tables without even acknowledgement if we were ready, so got up and left. Complete indifference on the part of the entire staff at 4pm on a Sunday.I will never come back here!
Tasty with some minor hiccups. Come eat with a bigger group and try lots of different dishes. THE TASTE:Tasty Peruvian cuisine in tapas format, we had fried chicken, the snapper and shrimp ceviche, and the skirt steak entree. The fried chicken breading is great, but the chicken was a little over cooked. Everything could have used a pinch less salt though. Order the skirt steak though, it was awesome. THE SERVICE:Good, not overbearing. We called ahead about an hour on a Sunday night and got an easy reservation.
Limon has been my go-to place every time I crave Lomo Saltado. But the service each time has been subpar. In my experience, the servers have not been attentive and it felt as though they abandon your table until you call them out in need of something. Also, they once had our party wait 20 minutes because their registers were down and couldn't process our credit cards. At that point, I wish they had just comped the meal. Plus, I was thinking about why there is even an extra charge for the AJI sauces. Now that I think about it, how is a spoonful of aioli going to be $4? Condiments should be complimentary to the meal.Sigh, I just miss Marios.
Highly recommend this place. The rotisserie chicken is simply awesome! It is flavorful and juicy. Seafood paella was ok. We have had better.
The food is very good! I love the chicken, the pollo con Papas and bread pudding! And the sangria. Must try in Mission District.
We absolutely loved our experience here. They make a delicious pitcher of white sangria and the food was fantastic. Everything tasted fresh and the chicken was juicy and seasoned to perfection. My daughter is a pretty picky eater but the truffle Mac n cheese did not stand a chance! Overall the service is very friendly and the family style eating did indeed make us feel at home. We will be back!
Excellent service and the food was solid. We tried some of the empanadas and a few of the ceviches. Thought it was overpriced though considering how small the portions were!
My 1st time here and we spontaneously went here. Thank goodness there were seats at the bar.We ordred the pisco sours - the lychee and maracuya. Both were just yum! I could keep drinking those!Appetizers were the Tartara de Tuna & Championes. Both were good but nothing set them apart from other places that did something similar. I think the mushroom one was super salty too. Eek. I did love the red chunks of onion. It was cooked just right as in it wasn't overcooked.We tried the Jalea as well. The seafood tasted fresh, not that frozen stuff. I liked the huacatay tartar sauce that came with it. Mmmmmm!We shared half a chicken since that's what they're known for. The only crispy part of the skin was the wing part, the rest was not crispy so don't expect that like we did. It was good but again too salty for me and my friend said the meat part was bland. Maybe they dont marinate it over night or anything. Chicken wasn't dry thank goodness. You get 2 sides and the veggie sides we picked was overly sickly salty:(Since we were at the bar, we were taken cared of well though as soon as we were done with dessert, we got the hint to leave perhaps when we got the check. We got the Panna Cotta De Mango and the chocolate bandido which was good. It wasn't as stellar as the service but decent enough to not taste like it was store bought but made on the premises. Had a great time but I'm not in a hurry to eat it again. My restaurant hopping continues!
I have been to the three of the Limon locations and so far the food is consistent at all of them. The major difference is the ambiance. The original location is still the best. The one at Bay-View Hunters Point is like a Chipotle and in a scary neighborhood. We got a reservation at 7 and found some parking near by. The place was packed from the time we got there to the time we left. This memorial weekend both of my daughters came home and they really enjoy the food at Limon. Since the menu has shrunk and only the items that are popular are left, we just about ordered 1 of everything. They were out of the carne empanadas (had the chicken instead). The mixed ceviche and the hanger steak were good. But consensus best was the truffle Mac & Cheese. Service was OK considering the crowds. Th prices are always very reasonable. You can't go wrong going to the two Mission locations.
For our last meal in SF, my fiance and I decided to go something "light". After yelping around the area, we found Limon listed under tapas. We arrived around 5:30 and was asked if we had reservation. Although we held no reservation, we were seated immediately but were quick to learn why they asked us that at the door. This place was packed by the time we were placing our order. My fiance decided to go with the half chicken and 2 sides - tacu tacu and sweet potato fries. I decided to go with crispy ceviche from their special menu. Our waitress served us the 3 chicken dipping sauces and a bowl for the chicken bone immediately after she took our order. The half chicken and the side dishes came out first. The chicken was steaming hot - juicy and fall off the bone food. My fiance claimed the sweet potato fries were the best he had EVER had. I couldn't help but kept dipping them into the habanero sauce that came with the chicken - so crispy and good with an extra kick! The tacu tacu was a nice serving of mixed rice and beans. It was well seasoned and the beans were cooked to mashed level - blended right in with the rice! My crispy ceviche came out soon after. For the most part it was a dish made up of fish - there were prob 10 pieces of lightly battered, well seasoned , fell apart in beautiful layers white fish - very meaty, yet juicy, and light (not greasy at all despite being deep fried). The dipping sauce was citrusy and was the perfect balance to the crispy fish. The fish sat on top of a bed of yuca fries/onion strings/corn/fried red pepper - all were delicious. I managed to finish my own plate and polished my fiance's tacu tacu and sweet potato fries - so much to "light" dinner. Yet not a bit of guilt since the food was sooooo amazing and my crispy ceviche was not heavy at all. Great service, great value for how much/how great the food was - if only we have something similar back in the city! Definitely left my belly in SF.
We went here to waste some time while we waited to meet some friends at another restaurant. This place had good reviews, so we gave it a shot. We sat at the bar - which would've been a requirement because this place is incredibly popular. Tables are always a wait. The bartender was very attentive, friendly, and helpful. He knew his drinks and the menu inside and out. We decided to get a snack and had the chicharrn and ceviche. They both were prepared with so much delicious flavor that we considered adandoning our plans to try more food. Their presentation was beautiful as well.They are well known for their rotisserie chicken and it showed. Every table had at least one on it, and it looked so amazing that I was tempted to grab one from a nearby table. :)The prices were surprisingly low for what we got. If you factor in how awesome the food and service was, I't expect for everything to be a bit more expensive.If you have a chance to go, do it. Don't hesitate and don't wait. You'll not regret it.
I'm not a fan...This is not authentic peruvian by any means but even without taking that into consideration, I was disappointed overall. We made reservations and thank goodness because they are very busy! What i didn't know was that their restaurant had a whole downstairs area with plenty of seats and a large bar (with TV's). BUT, something about the acoustics in the lower floor that made it unbearably loud. I felt like people were screaming in my ears (both - from every angle) and my friend and I were both super irritated. Also, the airflow was horrible and the service was super slow. Now lets get onto the main reason we went there, to eat!We tried:Lomo Saltado - meat was tough but the flavor was good. Pollo a la Brasa - good chicken!Yuca fries - goodTacu-Tacu (Sauteed rice & beans) - decentTrio Aji Sauces - utter disappointment. i love aji sauce, and this was not aji sauce!I should note that my friend really enjoyed her pisco sour though it took over 20 minutes to get.I am simply in search of a good, authentic peruvian restaurant which good (spicy) aji sauce. If you know of a place, please private message me. My friend and I were super disappointed and felt the overall experience was not good. Food 2.5Service 2Ambiance (bottom floor) 2We tried to rush out of their, we were hot, we had a headache from the noise and I was exhausted having to continually flag our wait staff down. I don't think I'll be heading back anytime soon.
Great atmosphere, food and people. I went with the roasted chicken, without a doubt, but I'll have to go back and try the rest of the menu. Honestly, I want to try every single dish there, from the tacu-tacus to the empanadas and ceviches, everything looked amazing! Not expensive at all
Came here for a late weekend lunch. The food was tasty and the service was quick and efficient. We may have ordered a tad too much food for two people but it was so good we ate all of it!
Came here with friends for dinner. We were seated promptly and got a table on the main floor (I heard some mediocre reviews of the basement atmosphere, and so was happy to not have to experience it). Our waiter came by the table promptly and asked us what we wanted to order. Having not even glanced at our menu yet, we told him we would need a few minutes. We also asked if there were any specialties or recommendations. He rattled off one special, whit out much enthusiasm or enough description and then left.  After a few minutes we decided on our menu and our waiter came by and took it. I'll admit our food came out quickly, almost too quickly (as in, was this cooked to order?) but everything tasted fresh. We started out with a ceviche mixto (Fish, calamari & tiger shrimp) it was delicious with plenty of fresh seafood. The rest of the meal was: "Lomito" Saltado A traditional Peruvian dish of stir-fried sirloin strips, onions, tomato, soy sauce, & french fries^Well seasoned, and very "meaty" flavor. How can you go wrong with steak and french fries?Seco de Costillas Braised boneless beef short ribs with huacatay-cilantro broth, potatoes, carrots, English peas^Not bad, though not as flavorful as I would of hoped. Carne Empanada Hand-cut top sirloin, sauteed onions, hard boiled eggs, olives & raisins^A nice empanada, not oily. Very flavorful and crisp dough. Half a roasted chicken with yuca fries and Tacu-Tacu (Sauteed rice & beans)^The chicken was a bit of a let down. Being their signature item I was expecting more. While it was very juicy, there just wasn't much flavor. They say that it is roasted over an open flame, I guess I assuming charcoal or something to impart some smokiness in the meat. Not bad, but lacking in the flavor department. A star or so over rated in my book.
Actually sitting in the restaurant now waiting to be served - was seated twenty minutes ago and had three tables served before us even though we came in before them and despite trying to get the attention of one of the three servers standing in front of me gossiping. Don't waste your time, the service is horrible. Currently looking for somewhere else to go instead of this shit box.
Craving Peruvian food? This one hits the spot.My Peruvian cherry was popped at an old-time restaurant named Alejandro's on Clement Street many moons ago. My BFF took me here for lunch last summer and... I've been coming back since. Weekday lunch works for me as parking is easy, the weather is beautiful, and no crowds. Here's what we had:Appetizer (shared)1) Seafood mixto ceviche - Having it our way, we special ordered this sans fish (shrimp, calamari, roasted corn, and Yucca corn, I believe). Excellent and very tangy.Entree2) Braised beef short ribs (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - With my love for beef stew, this is an upscale version. I ordered a side of rice to sop up every drop of the delicious sauce from this dish.Side (shared)3) Vegetables (yelp.com/user_local_phot) - Sauteed green beans, yellow beans, and onions. Normally cooked perfectly al dente, it was a bit overcooked and soggy on this trip.Mango lemonade - Tasty and not too sweet. No free refills on this one though.Arriving around 2 pm, there were only four other parties dining here while two gentlemen serviced the tables. One was humorous and joked with us and other parties while the other was more subdued and seemingly not too attentive; the second waiter redeemed himself later as he remembered several of our requests that we thought he forgot. They are known for the chicken which comes with two sauces, but the short ribs have my heart here.
Cheap looking fries and dried the whole chicken cost 26 dollars and they give you a handful of dried fries and a couple of fried cassava very disappointed use to be good not getting very unpleasant would not buy their chicken again
Let me start by saying... The food here is on point. So much flavor. Portions are good, filling even.But just to keep it short and sweet... I have NEVER EVER in my life, had someone chase me out the door to leave them a tip. TIPS: 'to insure promt (or even proper) service'Right off the bat, your thinkin' 'oh they must have not left a tip' BUT we did. We left a 20$ tip. EVEN after he chased us out, because we didn't think of asking for it back (or I would have), and the manager sure wasn't trying to compensate for Mr. Entitled. On top of that, he was a HORRIBLE server. Twice he came to our table and only asked one person at the table of 8 if they wanted something to drink. ONE PERSON. Plus with all of this... It was my birthday dinner. So... In conclusion... The server can't do math or serve well, the manager doesn't understand customer service, they ruin special occasions... but the food is good.I will return for the taste... BUT definitely to another location.
One of the best places i hv ever had food, Food is Amazing and service is superb
Truffle Mac and Cheese :DTuca Tuca :| Half Chicken :]Papas Fritas :]I really liked this place. We strolled in here after a long lyft from Cupertino to San Francisco. It was late in the afternoon and we had not eaten yet. We decided to come in here after yelping for places nearby mission. This place looked promising. I felt that the prices were high and that they could have been lower for the type of food, but it was good overall.I thought the Tuca Tuca could have been better as a side, but I devoured my mac and cheese. It was one of the best mac and cheeses that I have ever had. I recommend getting a quarter chicken with two other entrees and some sides to share because it is quite filling. We had leftover chicken that we forgot to later eat haha. I liked that they provided three sauces and dips to try with the chicken. I will be back if I am in the area just for the mac and cheese.
Birthday dinner reservations for 17 on a Saturday night at 8pm led to a dinner at 9pm, all because another party with lots of babies was being selfish and refused to leave when they were finished. The restaurant is tiny so we had no choice but to wait outside for an hour. Thankfully, we were having odd warm November weather. The hostess was also very apologetic for the inconvenience and offered to speak with the manager about comping us for some drinks.When we were finally seated, we all ordered the $32 prix fixe menu, which provided us with more food than we needed. Luckily we had some human garbage disposals that came in handy. The food was very good and everyone was very satisfied. There was ceviche, fried chicken skin, beet salad, rotisserie chicken, and fries. I might be missing a dish or two.After the birthday candles were blown out, the bill came, and we found out that none of our pitchers of sangria were actually comped so we had to talk to the manager about it, who ended up coming 2 of 6 of the pitchers. Not bad I guess but an hour wait for 17 people deserve more than that, IMO. Though I do have to admit that the wait was not entirely the restaurant's fault.All that matters is everyone had a jolly good time and were jolly fat after the dinner, which equates to a success in my book!
Tasty chicken but not phenomenal for the price. Ceviche was decent but for 16 rather just get a sushi roll. Service was not so good. Stuck in a corner in the basement. No follow up - no check in for things like A fork, a napkin, is your meal ok....basically lost in a void.
Yum Yum Yum!Beat Salad = 5Mac and Cheese = 5That's all I ate, but it was enough to get me to write a review.Great service and very friendly staff. I left my credit card at the restaurant and I checked my statement, not a single cent extra charge. Very nice place. I'd highly recommend it.
Nice local restaurant but needs minor improvements. No coffee, no bread, bottled chichamorda, one type of tea, side dishes are really small. Excellent Chicken but $25 for a whole chicken. Sangria was good.
Had a 8 pm reservation. Did not get seated until 8:50 pm and after four trips to the front desk to find out where our table was. Disorganized and poor customer service. Food is just okay.
As always its hard to go wrong with tapas, but the quality and variety of food is great. Got a reservation for late night Sat. The host couldnt seat us right away, and she was a bit disoriented about the situation, but after a Sangria pitcher we were ready to go get seated downstairs.Waiter was fast and accurate, food is tasty, pricing is reasonable and the Sangria is a must!TIP: Try to get a seating upstairs if you dont want a loud noise level. It seems like they need to put up some more isolating stuff in the room, since voices are bouncing of walls and creating a very much noise. To add it up we were neighbours with THE craziest lady laugh of all times!
~~AMBIANCE~~Fairly lively, busy & bustling. Modern-chique decor. The main dining room is pretty packed but there is a second one downstairs as well, a little more spacious but also a little out of the way.~~SERVICE~~Perfectly friendly, helpful. Like I mentioned, we were in the corner of the downstairs room and sometimes found it hard to get the staff's attention. Granted we were a very slow and indecisive group of 10.~~COST~~10 dishes, 3 desserts, 1 corkage fee, several cocktails (pisco sour - pretty strong, sneaky pisco - tasty, tart, refreshing!)= a filling meal for 10 of us.$34.30 per person total including tax & tip, with only 9 of us paying for the birthday girl~~MUST-HAVES~~Chicharron de pollo, Sweet potato fries, Carne a la Parrilla~~THE FOOD~~* Pollo a la brasa - 4 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(limon's famous marinated free-range rotisserie chicken is slowly roasted over open flame. comes w/ 2 sices & "aji sauces)This was juicy, tasty, and the dipping sauces were great! Loved the pesto/garlic one.* Sweet potato fries - 4 starsThese had a good balance of having a soft inside and a slightly thin and crispy outside!~~Small cold plates~~* Tartara de Tuna - 4 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(ahi tuna tartare tossed w/ roasted red peppers, pinenuts, rocoto-sesame oil)A nice dish, the tartare was very tasty. The chips were good and crispy though they were pretty thin and broke very easily when we tried to scoop up the tartare. ~~Small hot plates~~* Lomito Saltado - 3.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(traditional peruvian dish of stir-fried sirloin strips, onions, tomato, soy sauce & french fries)The steak was delicious, the fries not so much (very thin, not crispy, mostly soft).* Jalea - 3 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(mixture of crispy seafood, yuca, salsa criolla, huacatay tartar sauce)The disappointing dishof the night - pretty plain, the breading was kind of dry, there weren't many flavors to speak of. * Chicharron de pollo - 4.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(crispy pieces of chicken marinated in soy sauce, garlic, aji amarillo, & salsa criolla)Very tasty! The chicken was really juicy.* Carne a la Parrilla - 4.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(grilled hanger steak over tacu-tacu, salsa criolla & red wine-beef sauce)The beef was super tender & delicious. The tacu tacu was really nice too.* Truffle mac & cheese - 4 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(limon's signature creamy truffle infused mac & cheese)One of the better mac & cheese's I've had. The truffle was a lighter subtle flavor. The mac had a good amount of cheese that stuck to each piece but was not overboard and stringy.~~Empanadas~~pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim* Carne - 4 stars(hand-cut top sirloin, sweated in onions, & finished w/ hard boiled eggs & raisins)Nice! Good tender flavorful meat, though I don't remember tasting the raisins.* Pollo - 3 stars(shredded chicken, carrots & parsley in a creamy aji amarillo base)The chicken empanada was much drier - I wouldn't go for this one.~~Desserts~~* Chocolate bandido - 4 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(Warm chocolate cake, w/ chocolate sauce & vanilla cream anglaise. $7.95)Amazing! Very rich, dense, moist. The crisp on top was great. Everyone's fave dessert of the night.* Profiteroles - 3.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(puff pastry filled w/ pastry cream, served over vanilla cream anglaise cream, drizzled w/ chocolate sauce & candied walnuts. $7.25)Also a nice, sweet, & tasty dessert. At other restaurants profiteroles tend to be more stale & hard to share, but these were soft. * Panna cotta de mango - 3.5 starspic: yelp.com/biz_photos/lim(sweetened cooked cream topped w/ mango jelly, fresh fruit & strawberry sauce. $7.25)Tasty flavors, though the texture of the panna cotta was a little harder than I prefer (if I'm being picky
Ceviche excellent. Discovered on xmas eve with no wait at 7 pm. The rotisserie chicken lived up to its reputation. Would highly recommend this place. Thank you Yelp for this recommendation
I have to said that the only reason that I'm giving this places one star is because the food tasted really good. Last night, me, my husband and two of our friends decided to go to Limon Rotisserie; I always check yelp before going to new places and this restaurant seems good. I had a reservation for 8:45pm for four people and a stroller. We arrived on time, and our table wasn't ready yet, we've been told to wait between 5 or 10 minutes. After that time, I went to ask if we need to keep waiting, and the host told us that all the tables were busy, that we had to wait.. at that point I just wanted to leave, because if I had the time to make an reservation and 20 min later I wasn't able to be sit what was the point of the reservation?.. we didn't left because is hard to find a place past 9 pm in San Francisco.. and also we had a baby we us... so.. we wait until a table was ready 30 min later.Finally we were accommodated, and we start waiting for a waitress.. who took very long to take our order... and after that, the food didn't arrive together... The food was good, me and my husband order half of chicken and I have to said it tasted delicious but it was the small chicken ever... one of my friend order arroz con mariscos, and was really tasted but also super small plate, and my other fried order the ceviche mixto and she like it but also was too small.. we left the place a bit hungry..even after a pitcher of sangria, "half" a chicken, four empanadas de carne, ceviche and arroz con mariscos..All in all, bad service, small amount and overprice food. I don't think we are coming back to this place again. We were warned for a friend of mine about this restaurant, but even than that, we want to give the place a second try and that was it, not coming back.. it isn't worth it.
Went here for my Bday celebration with my favorite couple. We came here for a late lunch. We ordered the following: Rotisserie chicken, roasted veggies, chicken empanadas, lomito saltado, Tartara de Tuna, Chicharron de Pollo. Rotisserie Chicken was moist and roasted veggies was seasoned well (good pairing). Chicharon de pollo was delicious. Side sauce chosen were Huacatay, spicy molido, chimichurri. Chicken empanada was okay. Tartara de tuna is their version of a poke salad served with veggie chips - delish! Limo Saltado, sauted beef in soy sauce with veggies and french fries cut potatoes was seasoned just right. Food was good but service needs improvement. Location makes parking hard, so best opt order to go next time.
Great service and staff--they really accommodated for our large party (of 11) at the last minute. We originally had dinner reservations at La Mar, but due to water issues the entire restaurant was closed until the following Monday. So, the staff called limon and they pushed for our party to be held there...on a Saturday night! We opted for the pre fixe menu for $37, and had just enough food for everyone. We did have to order more fries, but otherwise the dishes came out fast, and were cooked beautifully--The chicken was juicy, yet crispy; the 3 dishes of ceviche was some of the best; and the chocolate cake dessert was deliciously rich. Holding a birthday here turned out great- we had strong drinks (and, shots), friendly service, and food that came out fast. Perfect!
The food was scrumptious! Everything we ordered was savory and tender. I will be returning soon.
My coworkers and I had our usual Friday night outings and Limon happened to be one of our Friday nights. We did not have reservations that night, but we were seated promptly downstairs. Upstairs was really packed that night and I noticed that upstairs were smaller tables, while downstairs were for bigger parties. Downstairs seemed more spacious when compared to upstairs.We shared the following food:Ceviche Mixto - This had came with fish, calamari, and tiger shrimp. I think the portions could've been a bit bigger because after one bite from each, the dish was already gone into our stomachs.Pollo A La Brasa (Half Chicken) - The chicken came with two different sides. I can't remember what two sides we ordered, but I think we should've ordered the whole chicken instead because I think the guys were still hungry. However, the chicken was really juicy and they give you different kinds of sauce to dip it in! Lomito Saltado - Stir-fried sirloin strips. SO DELICIOUS. Very tender and juicy. Truffle Mac & Cheese - I thought this was pretty good; however, I don't think it was TOO amazing. It was light and creamy and not too overwhelming.Service was not too bad that night; however, downstairs can get a bit loud and hard to hear when talking.
We had food catered from Limon for lunch in our office.I opted for the Pollo a la Brasa (free range, slow roasted, marinated, rotisserie chicken with assortment of aji amariillo sauce). I loved that the chicken was well marinated, tender and had a good flavor. The sauteed vegetables side was very good too. Definitely enjoyed my lunch very much.My coworkers who had the chicarron de pollo (crispy pieces of chicken marinated in soy sauce, garlic & aji amarillo, served with salsa criolla) did complain that the chicken was too dried out :( I'm glad I picked the roast chicken instead! Would definitely love to have this again!
Wish I tried the food... "30min wait"??? Try OVER 1.5HOUR. "You're literally next"-- sorry but what does, " LITERALLY," mean when YOU use that? sorry but not sorry. Get ####ing organized. What the @$!#. Bartender efficient and cool, what happened to the host??? U even have a computer to organize who and what with reservations. YES, we watched what was going on and seating other (5) 2ppl tables of reservations, okay, no problem,... but after being told JUST 1 reservation in front of us... how many times do u repeat that? Time is of essence k. I don't have all 2 hours to wait. Gaw, I'm pissed. U guys, good job.
We had about 11 people here for a late lunch on Saturday. They were able to quickly accommodate us which was a relief. The service was quick. They wanted to take our orders right away, and the food came out shortly afterwards too. Here's what we ordered:+ Whole Chicken+ Yuca Fries+ Camote Frito+ Ceviche Mixto+ Truffle Mac n Cheese+ Pollo and Veggie Empanadas+ Arroz con Mariscos+ Seco de Costillas+ ChampionesThe chicken was roasted perfectly but there was not special flavor just salty. Actually, a lot of the food was generally salty even though we asked them to not make it so salty when we ordered. My favorite dishes were the yuca fries, truffle mac n cheese, and the mariscos. This was an ok place. I wouldn't mind coming here again.
Get the chicken! No seriously, I was skeptical about ordering chicken, I almost never order chicken at a restaurant but decided to order it because of all the yelp reviews. Num num, very yummy juicy and flavorful chicken! There were 4 of us with light appetites, we also ordered the Lomito Saltado, ceviche mixto, grilled octopus, grilled veggies and tacu tacu (sauted rice and beans). The Lomito Saltado was good but probably our least favorite. Everything else was outstanding. The only negative was the portion size of the grilled octopus and ceviche was very small.
I WILL NEVER GO BACK ! It ruined my appetite for Peruvian food . Food was way to salty . My friend and I started getting stomach pains halfway through our meal . An hour later it got worse that we even had to lay down and wrap our arms around our tummies.
I would suggest that the other Peruvian place down on mission is a whole lot better Mi Lindo
The chicken is very tasty. The ahi ceviche was also great. The sides and empanadas were pretty good. I recommend the mushrooms. It would have been nice to get bread or something for the trio of dipping sauces. Chocolate molten cake was delish. Service is decent and the price is right. A little noisy.
Love seating at the bar and have the most amazing pisco made by Denis not to mention the best service ever. Thank you Denis. Be back soon.
Limon is seriously a godsend. I was expecting to be disappointed here because of the high expectations I had coming in, but all my doubts were put aside the second the waitress placed our assortment on the table. We ordered the half chicken, ceviche mixto, chicharron de pollo, yuca fries, and papas fritas. The chicken was cooked perfectly and was just delicious. I went here about a month ago and just writing about that rotisserie chicken is making my mouth water. I'm very picky when it comes to my ceviche, but this place did a decent job as it felt the pieces of fish just melted in my mouth. The chicharron was tasty and had great flavor, but I wasn't as impressed compared to the flavors of their rotisserie chicken. The yuca fries were great, but the papas fritas were pretty much something to use to try their sauces with (which are actually amazing).Their drinks here are perfect though. I ordered some drink special that mixed pisco sour with inca cola and it was delicious (the waitress also made it super strong because we had to wait a bit at our table). The sangria is also perfectly made here, so try that out if you are interested in something refreshing. Although we had to wait some time even with reservations, the service made up for it and she even gave us several free sauces. I will definitely come here again for the rotisserie chicken and drinks. Make a reservation!
I was in town on business and staying with a buddy who took me here with some friends. The chicken was really, really good. I don't know how they season it or how long they have it on the rotisserie but it comes out amazingly flavorful and moist. The dipping sauces are all very unique and great although I do wish they gave you more.The service wasn't as on point as the food unfortunately. It was a busy night so I understand how our server was a bit flustered but he messed up the drink orders and seemed to have some selective hearing going on for parts of our orders. Not the biggest deal in the world but I know that'll put a damper on some people's experience.
Came here for a friend's birthday. Upon arriving was where things weren't off to a great start. Half of the party (total 6) had arrived and we were waiting to be seated while the others were in search of parking. Generally most places would've sat you to gradually get some drinks started. NOPE! The hostess had first said that the whole party had to be there. Fine, I understand. Then the 4 of us were waiting and asked again if we could get seated since it's pretty cramped to stand anywhere. The hostess then tells us that "80%" of the party had to be there. I've never heard anyone tell me that ever. It was weird. Finally there was now 5 of us and just because that additional person arrived to meet the "80%" we got seated. So stupid...We finally get seated and are given menus. As we chat and look through the menu for a good 10 minutes, a waiter has yet come to our table. The same hostess that had seated us came back to our table. My only assumption for her approaching us we to possibly move to a different table. NEGATIVE! Her approach was awful. She told us that we had to give up the table at approximately 8PM due to other reservations that they had OVERBOOKED. At this point it was 7:20PM. So you're telling me I have 40 minutes to eat and leave? Who does that?? It was the weirdest thing I've ever heard. We had made it clear to the hostess that we just sat down and have been waiting for a waiter to come by, and now you're telling me I have to leave soon. Absolutely ridiculous! We get into this whole talk with the hostess as to why we need to hurry up with our meal that we have yet ordered to accommodate others due to their irresponsible way of booking reservations. She kept telling us that the food comes out quickly and whatnot. I told her if I wanted a quick meal I would've gone to McDonald's. I don't care how quickly the food comes out or not. You don't tell a party of people that made reservations for a birthday that they have to quickly eat and go. UNACCEPTABLE!!!The waiter finally came to our table after that ridiculousness with the hostess. He informed us not to worry and to relax and enjoy our meal. He told us that this happens often, which is a shame because then the customer will take it out on the waiter. Our waiter was really friendly and attentive. He had offered us some sangria on the house due to what had happened with the hostess. I appreciated that.As for the food, it was good. We ordered a whole chicken to share with the group. The two sides we ordered was the yuca fries and the tacu-tacu. Yuca fries were good. Tacu-tacu could've been better. It basically tasted like stuffing but really dry. Lychee sour was a good drink. We ordered a few of the small plates. I had chosen the lengua (beef tongue), which was good. The food here was good, but I've had better.Overall, I would not come back to this location nor would I be interested in trying their other locations due to the lack of professionalism with management. Regardless of how good or bad the food and service is, I am not sold on ever returning to this establishment. A word of advice to management: learn how to not overbook reservations just to get some extra change in your pockets.
We love Peruvian food. Our last meal of this kind was at a famous restaurant in Oregon for thanksgiving dinner.Limon is very down to earth. But their food is beyond this terrestrial experience. We ordered about four tapas style dishes. Everything was memorable but what stood out for me was the Pollo A La Brasa with a close second followed by the Ceviche Mixto. I had the Cactus Fruit Sour for my drink and finished it with Panna Cotta De Mango for dessert.The food was awesome. Service excellent. Cozy seating that some would say would prevent private conversations:)There is a basement for overflow customers. I'm coming back and there's three locations to choose in the city. So bucket list drop!
The food here is awesome. The noise level down in the cellar is high, but at least the food is delicious. This ain't your cheap Costco Rotisserie chicken. This is the good stuff.Parking can be had at the parking lot several blocks away or on the street, but good luck with that.Yes, I would come back. Great food!
What can I Say? After a long day exploring San Fransisco we took public transit to Try some tasty Peruvian Food. My family is from Peru so it's a custom of mine to try Peruvian food in other cities. It was very busy when my bf and I arrived however the service was great, waiters were male and very attentive. The food was delicious! I ordered ceviche mixto it tasted just like my great grandmas ceviche which was a huge plus! The best I've ever had! Very authentic while my bf stuck to his usual Lomo Saltado. Both of our taste buds were satisfied however the portions were very small :( I know this is a gourmet restaurant but even when you are in Peru the servings are full size servings. If you are Peruvian or know of Peruvain food well you know we aim to be both satisfied an Full! I give them 3 stars because of the portions
Really enjoyed the chicken the spare ribs vegetables and civichi what a great meal three orders with size more than plenty for four people and saves room for the delicious dessert all and all a great evening with friends great food and a good value. Delicious.
I've been to the other Limon location, and I have to say the overall vibe for the other location is bit more welcoming and less... ghetto. Service here is also spotty- it took us a loooooong time to wave down the waiter to order and again to get the bill. The food, however, came out at lightning speed. We shared the Quarter Chicken (dark meat) and the Ceviche Mixto. The chicken at the other location was AMAZEBALLS.. but here, I was left slightly disappointed. Some parts of the chicken weren't really tender making for $10 entree not-so-worth-it. The ceviche mixto, however, was just as delicious and generously portioned. I really tried to enjoy my experience here.. but it was just not happening. Definitely prefer the other Limon location!!
It's quite a cluster when you first walk in. Disorganized and crowded with little place to stand, but the food is well worth it. Every appetizer we had (especially truffle mac & cheese) were excellent, and the whole chicken was excellent as well. Great pisco sours!
I have frequented Limon over the past several years. Their rotisserie chicken is very good, has great flavor and is never dry. The accompying sauces pair well with it too. Their rotisserie chicken meals with sides are great and reasonably priced for what you get. I generally get the ensalada and the tacu-tacu. The tacu-tacu is a tasty mash of rice and beans. I have also tried several other items which are all good. The truffle Mac and cheese is creamy and rich. If you love truffles you will definitely love it.They can get crowded towards the end of the week and weekend. They are on open table which is nice for snagging a table without the wait. They also have easy online ordering and picking up which is very convenient.
I have been to this place 2x now and I definitely foresee myself coming back even more. When I crave Peruvian chicken, this is the first place that comes to mind! They offer 1/4, 1/2 and whole rotisserie chicken at reasonable prices ($20.95 is the price of a whole chicken which could feed up to 3 people). Each order of chicken comes with 2 sides and 3 authentic dipping sauces. Their yucca fries are the best yucca fries I've ever had!! Very fresh and delicious! Other sides include regular french fries (sliced thin and super crispy), sweet potato fries and salad. Their chicha morada is very yummy and my boyfriend seemed to enjoy the variety of authentic Peruvian beers. I haven't had the chance to try other entrees on their menu other than the chicken and sides, but the ceviche looks REALLY good! There isn't too much seating at Limon so it does get packed pretty quickly. There is a bar with a big 60 in flat screen- perfect to watch Golden State play! Also, if you want to do take-out, it takes around 30 minutes if you order chicken... Lengthy but totally worth the wait! Limon is located in a neighborhood so there is a ton of street parking infront of residences :)Overall, I give this place 5 stars because of the quality of food, price and authenticity!
I loved everything I had here-- the ceviche, the chicken (half for the two of us), the yucca fries, grilled veggies, and empanadas. The accompanying sauces are so good and everything was still delicious the next day as leftovers. I had the veggie empanada and the cheese was oozing out in every bite. Service was a little bit slow but you could tell they were busy. Keep in mind that parking can be very hard to find!
Great rotisserie chicken; off hook. Aji mustard sauce bombbba! Yucca fries are best fries ever...
Chicken taste good cause they salt it extra. That's really all the magic. Ceviche comes in small portions. fyi.
I tried this place years ago and still have wonderful memories of how delicious it was. I had their rotisserie chicken with the lime green colored salsa and some other sides. I know it's pretty hard to mess up a piece of chicken but it's also kind of difficult to make something so simple taste so delicious and packed with flavor. Limon does just that! I haven't had much Peruvian food but this place definitely makes me what to try more. It is a bit pricey so this isn't somewhere I would go to regularly but if you're looking to spurge a little, Limon is a great place to do so.
This is my 3rd time coming to this place and I'd rather go somewhere else. Food was ok, but some dishes were very salty. Service was awful, somewhat rude in my opinion, but hostess was nice.They sit you in these little tables that you can barely eat, don't go with a big party, you will be eating bumping elbow to elbow and they won't do anything to accommodate..
We tried a little bit of everything and were not disappointed! Highlights were: sangria, ceviche, truffle mac n cheese, queso empenadas, chicharron de pollo, and the aji amarillo mustard sauce.It could be a little crowded upstairs, and there's no place to wait except by the opening and closing front door (burrr!), but the downstairs area was spacious for our party of 10.
The first time I came here, I didn't like it as much but the second time (or maybe it's the third) was decent. I am normally a chicken lover but the chicken here neither blew my mind nor was it disappointing. I think A-OK is the perfect description. The prices are pretty reasonable for the amoutn of food you get. It even comes with two sides! (although the sides are pretty mediocre) My boyfriend loves the truffled mac & cheese here. He does love mac & cheese in all forms though so I'm not sure how much that says. hmmm I wouldn't wait in line for this place, but if you're hungry and this place is nearby and not too busy I'd say it's worth a try. There's a lot of hype and it's pretty famous in san francisco. I personally like the costco rotisserie chicken more =P
Truly as the rating says: A-OK. We went there for dinner on a weekend. We ordered Chicharron de Pollo, Paella, and Ceviche Mixto. The chicken was overly salted, there was absolutely no chicken flavor. Paella was very average. So was the Paella. You won't miss out much if you haven't gone there.
My Peruvian friend claimed this to be one of the best in the city, but I thought it was just okay. Nothing spectacular, but not bad. The pollo a la brasa was a bit salty. Pisco sour cocktail was lightly sweetened and refreshing.
Overall 3/5 starsService 2/5 stars; They were stingy on their Yuca fries trio sauce; We asked for another trio and they charged us $2 for sauce...REALLY??!Small venue for a party of 6.We ordered the following to share:1) Chicharron de pollo: 3/5 they over fried it--the chicken was not moist2) Beef tongue: 3/5 not that good either3) Full rotisserie chicken: 3/5 I had high expectation for this dish, mainly b/c this is their bread and butter, but it was just OK. I would suggest cutting the chicken to smaller pieces. 4) Sweet potato fries: 3/5 typical--nothing special5) Ceviche mixto: 3/5 again--typical, nothing special6) Yuca fries: 3.5/5 these fries were different and good--fresh out of the fryer7) Truffle mac: 5/5 def highlight of the entire meal--buttery deliciously goodness8) Lomito saltado: 3.5/5 Peruvian stable; actually better than expected
There are two complaints I have about Limon. The first is that the service isn't very well. We came to join some friends here. We had made a reservation to meet. Our friends were already there, but we didn't know that since there were two levels. The host didn't even know we had a reservation and were made to wait. We finally noticed our friends and joined them. The food was good but if you don't like food with many things mixed in, then this isn't for you. Also there aren't a lot of food options in general.
Had Limon for the first time today, after being recommended by a friend. Man was it good food!The restaurant is really nice inside. Good amount of seating, well lit, intimate tables. They also have a bar with seating as well. On the menu they have a number of Peruvian beers, and were playing the WS on the TV. Friend and I started off with the tuna tartar...nothing special, but the yuka chips were tasty :) We also ordered a whole chicken to split (only 11$ each!) . the chicken had the tastiest rub on it mmmm. Super juicy inside, great flavor. The bird is also served chopped so its a fast way to devour the beast. Along with the bird came three sauces. All were fantastic. Especially the chili sauce. Service was sub-par to lacking sorry to say. We ate around 4 pm on Sunday. The table next to us was obviously annoyed, waiting for their server to deliver the bill. My table had to flag someone down for water, as well as the bill. Nothing horrible though, just something to point out to management. I will definitely be back to try out some of the other dishes.
The service was BAD tonight. They didn't get our order right...since when does two orders of veggies mean, rice and beans?! Our waiter also forgot our order of mac and cheese. Never got checked on by our waiter. It'll be awhile until we come here again.
You will never see me dine at a dark and sleek place like this corner Peruvian restaurant. But the restaurant is famous for the Peruvian-style rotisserie chicken; I had to check it out for myself. Plus, I love rotisserie chicken. I can eat that everyday and not get sick of it. "I don't know about that!"Indeed I ordered the quarter of a rotisserie chicken meal with a choice of two sides for $9.50. The chicken is spiced with a variety of Peruvian spices and seasoned for twelve hours before being cooked in the oven. This restaurant blazes a tasty bird and it shows by the juicy and moisture of the meat. The dipping sauces with my meal were good too and highly recommended with the chicken. By far, this is the best tasting bird to this date. The two sides I also got with my meal were rice and sweet potato fries. I have to have my starch with my meal. My Chicken dish: yelp.com/biz_photos/limI also had extra room in my tummy. So I also ordered the popular Truffle Mac & Cheese for $7.00. The truffle flavor had a powerful fungus taste mixed with the cheesy pasta. The pasta dish was "distinctively appetizing". Mac & cheese: yelp.com/biz_photos/limWith my meal, I got a glass of fresh Sangria for $6.00. This red wine drink tastes so good with the chicken dish. So good, my face was red as the red wine drink itself. The bartender/waiter, who took my order, has noticed the blush on my face. I just can't hide the fiery glow on my appearance. My drink: yelp.com/biz_photos/limIncluding this first location, there are two more locations in the city. Hopefully I will make my way to the other locations. My debut of this restaurant was a positive one.
I love this place!I've been here several times and have never been disappointed at their quality of food, service, or ambiance. Here are the foods I recommend to try (they are DELICIOUS):- Ceviche Mixto (fish, calamari & tiger shrimp)- "lomito" Saltado (traditional peruvian dish of stir-fried top sirloin strips, onions, tomato & soy sauce, served w/fries)- Yuca Fries w/their Trio Aji Sauces- Pollo a la Brasa, OF COURSE- SANGRIA!!!- Truffle Mac & CheeseOr try any other dish. They have all been really tasty!
The service was exceptional. The food tastes like authentic Peruvian food. This is an all around great place to dine. The ambiance is very simple yet modern. This was my first time eating here and I enjoyed every aspect of it.
Came here with my boyfriend a few months ago. He loves this place. Highly recommend the rotisserie chicken, it was very juicy and well seasoned. The drinks and service were also good. One thing I didn't like is that it was too noisy, couldn't hear our own conversation.
The chicken is insane ! simply the best chicken I have ever had
Made a reservation for 9:15 and at 9:45 they told us we had to wait ANOTHER 25 minutes for a table. Sad thing is they didn't even care when delivering that message. Im pissed. The food isn't even that good. Headed to Fresca instead...
This is still one of my favorite spots in the city to dine and I've taken numerous friends/dates here over the years, every time it's a hit. They now have a full cocktail bar and have updated some of their dishes. More vegetarian and seafood options, (the cheese empanadas are to die for good) as well. They tried to get rid of the Carne ala Parilla about a year ago, but enough protest and complaints brought it swiftly back to the menu.The only downside to all the changes....the Tacu Tacu is no longer the same. It's not battered and fried into a egg-shape. It's now just a mixture of rice and beans mushed together. Same seasoning, but the texture of the fried edges was really the key along with sealing int he flavors. I really, really wish they'd bring back those fried, little balls of joy.
Fantastic chicken and aji sauces. We ordered the half chicken. The white meat (breast) is moist and tender. The dark parts are juicy and flavorful. The skin has a wonderful texture. Love the ceviche and empanadas.
For Mother's Day we made reservations and waited for our party to show so Mom and I had drinks at the bar. The DRINKS were amazing as I had the Cholo Lindo and Moms got the Lychee Sour... Dinner was just as amazing as we had the CHICKEN, CEVICHES, EMPANADAS, TACU-TACU , BEEF SOLTADO....
Memories of this delicious Peruvian rotisserie chicken I had in NY, eons ago, came when I saw the name of this restaurant. I don't think the flavours were the same, but the food here was absolutely delicious! I'm at high risk of not trying other things at the restaurant and sticking to the rotisserie, but I imagine the other stuff is good too. Must return.
The sangria was smaller than before hut still pretty yummy. What we ordered:1. Prawn and fish ceviche (AMAZING) ask for some chips on the side!2. Chicharron de pollo (crispy and yummy) small serving though- I suggest ordering two3. Yuka fries ( with the dipping sauces)4. Pollo empanadas5. Sangria and mojitoThis has always been a favorite spot of mine. Probably always will be!
Ive been here 4 times now and everything I have tried is fantastic. Definitely don't skip the ceviche or rotisserie chicken. Carne a la Parilla is also killer. The cocktails are a bit sweet for my taste, but their drink menu will satisfy no matter what youre looking for.
Worst experience EVER. Got here at 8:30 and got seated at 10:10. Kitchen closed at 10:30. Hostess was a moron, kept saying 20 more minutes. When we complained to the manager, she basically told us "it is what it is" with absolutely no apology. Ridiculous.
We ordered the Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron and it was amazing! The Pollo a la Brasa was also cooked to perfection and the sauces included were to die for. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a nice meal in the mission!
MmmMmmMmm!! This place was pretty good...I was expecting some really lemony chicken just based off of the name of the place, but it was not.I ordered a quarter dark meal (which comes with 2 sides) with tacu tacu and yuca fries. YUMMMMMMMM!!The flavors were perfect. The tacu tacu was a bit on the mushy side, but i think that was intentional. Oh wells. Everything else was perfect.Yuca fries were perfectly cooked. Perfect crispy crunch on the outside and wonderfully soft and potatoey in the middle. Yumyummmmm~Will be back soon to try out the ceviche! :)
Good, almost authentic, Peruvian food. On the expensive side for what you get, but everything is more expensive in the city. Service as elected came short in almost every aspect.
Amazing peruvian chicken with the most delicious sides! I can already forsee myself coming back!The chicken is incredibly succulent, to the point that I am sure they use an artificial tenderizer. But who cares, when the chicken tastes THAT good?? The sauces were good, ESP the extra spicy one (boy, was that HOT!), but I've definitely had better aji sauces. Other highlights included the rice & beans and sweet potato fries. I'd get both of those next time for sure. The crispy chicken was just okay, and the regular fries were disappointing.
Actually, I did email you, unless you gave me the wrong email. I coped and pasted it from your message.
With 2092 reviews, I doubt they need a 2093rd but I just have to echo the hype. Despite the small, slightly pricey dishes (it's tapas!), this is still one of my favorite restaurants in SF. I have never ordered a dish here that I wasn't immediately obsessed with. Food is TASTY. Service is FAST. Cocktails are on the sweeter side, but still very nicely done (love seeing pisco on the menu). I get giddy thinking about my next meal here. I'm dead serious. That's how awesome their food is. This is the kind of place so close to my heart that I get personally offended if I hear someone say they aren't a fan (kidding, only a little bit).
This was a wonderful find on our recent trip to San Francisco. Very intimate setting. Staff was friendly and professional. Food was delicious, everything we ordered was fantastic. Food is served family style. The sauces that accompanied the roast chicken were fabulous. My kids couldn't get enough. Our first experience with Peruvian food. Truly memorable.... ~T_T~
The chicken and the ceviche are the best in the city. Sangria is on point and never fails me. If you are looking for a small intimate yet amazing restaurant, Limon is the place to go. Pervian food at its finest.
This will forever be a favorite because of the flavors, prices and good service. A must order dish is none other the limit saltado followed with a civiche mixto. Parking is hard to find but with well worth the effort, especially for this place.
I had my birthday dinner with my best friend here and absolutely loved it! The ambiance is perfect for friends catching up or even for a date. It's kind of a small restaurant so I recommend it for a small group. It also has more of a mature setting with the dark lighting going on...maybe I'm just saying that because I turned 25 that night. We ordered a bunch of dishes like we always do.Half chicken with sides tacu tacu and yuca fries: The chicken here was supposed to be a must, and honestly, chicken scares me because sometimes it can be overcooked, dry, and bland. Glad to say this was not the case at Limon! Chicken was moist, juicy, and full of flavor especially when dipped with the variety of sauces they offer. I also enjoyed the tacu tacu (rice and beans). Maybe I just love fries in any form but I loved the large yuca fries! Dipped these in sauces too...yum! Ceviche mixto: I am a fan of ceviche because I love my seafood. I also really like sour things (ie vinegar, lemons, etc). Comes with tiger shrimp (uhhh yes please!), fish, and calamari. I think corn and other veggies were included. Overall, if you want a light appetizer, I recommend! Truffle Mac and Cheese: FAVE dish of the night! Creamy, cheesy, and delicious! Noodles were cooked perfect. I cook eat this foreverrrrr. My BFF and I also ordered sangria which just perfected our meal. I guess you can say it pulled everything together. We ate, drank, and girl talked. Enjoyed every moment and every bite. I recommend all these dishes and would definitely come back! One of my favorite birthday dinners ever :)
5 starts - no doubt. Limon is my favorite restaurant so far. Personally, I love Peruvian cuisine; and Limon is very authentic. I would even say on of the most authentic restaurants in SF. I've been to all Limons, and this location is the most welcoming and cozy. Everything on their menu is delicious, starting from cocktails ad ending with dessert.My recommendations are any ceviche with yuca, lomo saltado, Lengua a la Parilla, and of course very traditional pollo. Compare to Fresca and Pasion in SF, Limon is very affordable for such an authentic food (I am not sure why some people said it's over priced - it's absolutely not)The customer service is good enough for that restaurant - they serve food pretty fast.The only downside of this place - small tables , so not enough space for couple of appetizers. But once you start eating their food, you completely forget about discomfort of limited space.Highly recommend!
Booked our table, walked right up and was seated. Server greeted us, took our order and it was out within 5 minutes! Chicken was yummy and the rice/beans went well with it. Good drinks and chill scenery.
Ceviche mixto here is the best- paired with a little maracuya sour and you're in for a good night.Note, if you ever want to watch a soccer game they can change the channel to the game so you can eat and watch :)
What a neat little spot! I prefer steak over chicken, but in this case, the rotisserie chicken was good! This place was packed, even at 9pm. We had reservations but still had to wait like 15i-20 minutes... Service was alright too... By the time we got seated, the place was almost closing... We ordered: beef tongue over mash potatoes, a whole rotisserie chicken, ceviche mixto with the sweet potatoe fries and tacu tacu. The rotisserie chicken was a very big portion size, and really good for the amount! The beef tongue was really good, but a little too much salt added. The ceviche was good too, the sauce on it was what all ceviche should taste like, the portion on the ceviche could be a little bigger, but it tasted really fresh. But anyway, I would love to come back here and get my chicken on!
Food is delicious ... Service is iffy. Came here with my girlfriend and the waiter was very persistent we get the pitcher of sangria. Thinking it was a small pitcher reasonable for two, I agreed.. Then the dude showed up with a pitcher enough for 6 people. After that he never returned to the table besides when we asked for the check.
Stopped by last night for quick dinner out (no reservation) and was quite disappointed by the greeting from the rude and inconsiderate hostess. There's nothing like a friendly greeting, a smile and welcoming atmosphere when you walk into a new place you've been wanting to try or a while. Unfortunately, this was not my experience. I was greeted with an attitude, unfriendliness and was told I could get table, but had to leave in an hour for others with reservations. - And the message was clear, I was bothering her and she was doing me a favor. It's not the message I received, it was the unprofessional an snotty delivery of it. Never got to try the food and never will. This is a place that will never make my list in the future.
Came here for a birthday and I was pleased! My friend and I tried several appetizers: yucca fries, ceviche mixta, lomito saltado, and the truffle mac & cheese. All were good but my favorites were the lomito and the mac & cheese. The pisco sours were up to par and the service was very good, even when it got busy. They even surprised him with a candle for his birthday! I'll come back again to try the regular entrees-I've heard the chicken is excellent-it is called rotisserie, after all.
Do not order take out from here.I've also been told different hours several times when calling to enquire. Real confusing. Not once have the hours I've been told matched up with those provided online. Weird.
Visited around noon on Saturday. It is not huge but very comfortable. Food was great and service was wonderful as well. Will definitely recommend to try out!
As you could imagine the chicken was phenomenal! The waiter was absolutely fantastic for helping us navigate the menu and providing us insights on his favorite dishes. The empanadas are a must! Also, the lemonade is must. Makes for an even more appropriate lemon-y theme.
So good! We started with Pisco Sours (which might be an acquired taste...it was the only part that I didn't enjoy a lot.)We had Limon Saltado (very nice, kind of like 'tapas' size), Ceviche Mixto (maybe the best ceviche I've had), Chiraccha Chicken (nice take on fried chicken) and Carne Empanadas (totally delicious).I'm no connoisseur of Peruvian food but I really enjoyed it and the service was very friendly, totally solid. I'll be back on my next trip to San Francisco.
Loved it! Great food and drink. Great vibe. Food was delicious and the white sangria is tasty. Paella was awesome and the ceviche is fresh and on point! YUM
Best ceviche I've ever had. Pricey, but so tasty. The fish and shrimp had just the right amount of acidity. The portion size was pretty solid as well. Service was wholly lackluster. They seemed to think they were entitled to our patronage, which rubbed me the wrong way. The other menu items I tasted were deserving of two stars maximum, but the ceviche would make it worth returning (just for that item though).
Just had my wedding reception here after marrying at SF City Hall. The food is great, the staff was attentive, and the atmosphere was awesome. Small plates rather than each person ordering an entree really makes it more interactive, sharing plates and trying different things. It helped the two families interact with each other and have fun, sharing the food and starting conversations. I really recommend this place for delicious Peruvian food and as a great place to hold a special event, such as right after a wedding at city hall (only 2 miles away)!
We came here for a friend's birthday with a large group (around 16 people) and had to wait for them to get everything set up. Although we were told we were going to get seated in a separate room prior to coming, they ended up seating us in the main room and it was super cramped. Since it was a large group, it was required that we get the pre fixe menu, which included: Mixed Green Salad, Tuna Tartare, Ceviche Mixto, Lomito Saltado, Chicharron de Pollo, and Pollo a la Brasa. For what we paid, the pre fixe option was not worth it. We got a few bites from each dish but I wasn't full afterwards.
This place was delicious. Came here for dinner with a group of friends before we went out for the night (it is very conveniently located near the Mission) and had the most delicious roasted chicken. The plates seem generally pretty large (the roasted chicken especially because it comes with sides), so if you're not too hungry you could easily split a half roast chicken with a buddy and be more than full!
I left this place content. The cerviche and the sauces left me happy with a full tummy. So this place is famous for their rotisserie chicken, so I had to get an order of it. I got the quarter chicken and shared with my friend. I thought the chicken was moist and tender. It wasn't anything that wow or amazed me. It did taste better with the sauces that came on the side. I love the sauces, just smother everything in the sauces. I like the green one and the spicy one. We got a side of yucca fries and the side of vegetables. I like the yucca fries, so crispy. Again, very good with the side of sauces (these are the sauces for the chicken but I used it for other things). I like the vegetables, it's tasty. However, it reminds me of how I make my stir-fry, so it's nothing special.I really like the cerviche, it's very lemon-y. It's good with the green sauce (that comes with the chicken) as well. The sauce in the cerviche is good. This location is at the corner, easy to find. It's probably not in the best neighborhood, there's not much around here.For UCSF students, I took the shuttle to MCB and I walked there. It was relatively close, but there's bus stops nearby as well.
Food was good, I forgot the name of the plate I had. It was fries n grilled chicken yummm
The drinks and food here were top notch; as was the hospitality. We had a big party that they went out of their way to accommodate in spite of us making it confusing for them. The bar tender, Carlos, treated us like old friends.
2/24/13 Dinner4* for Rotisserie. 3.5* Overall. The Golden Rule: Always make reservation for this place. They get busy and the wait can be long. The wait here at the S. Van Ness location is not as crazy as Valencia, but I still highly recommend a reservation. You're warned now.We came here for a quick dinner because we crave the rotisserie chicken. For half a chicken, you get both dark and white meat. All portions come with two sides, and we had the fries and mixed vegetables. They were rather mediocre. Fries were not crunchy and the vegetables not memorable. The well-seasoned and tasty chicken is the highlight.I always eat my chicken with the flavored arroz.Lomito Saltado is a Peruvian dish that has Asian influences onsisting of strips of sirloin marinated in vinegar, soy sauce and spices, then stir fried with red onions and tomatoes. It's served on fries here so the fries are soggy. It's always a favorite but last night's was a bit salty.Service was friendly but a bit rushed. They plopped down your food almost immediately after you ordered, and check is delivered before you even finish your drink. Overall it's good meal, the rotisserie chicken alone is worth four stars.
This restaurant was recommended by a couple friends who were visiting SF from San Sebastian. Considering San Sebastian has some of the best food in the world I trusted their opinion. Made a reservation for a Saturday dinner. It was packed when we got there and luckily they seated us immediately. We were upstairs but I guess they have a downstairs area that I didn't get a very good look at. Ordered the following:Quarter Chicken (Dark Meat) - I didn't eat it, don't eat meat. BF did and enjoyed it. Yuca Fries - lighter alternative to potato fries. Came with 2 big ones. Good!Tacu-Tacu - I just tried a spoon full of this but it was really good. They used pinto beans, which I prefer, instead of black. Although I am used to black beans in this dish at other South American/Caribbean places. Ceviche de Pescado - Fresh and perfectly marinated in lime juice. Huge chunks though...never had such big chunks of fish in ceviche before. Came with some weird toppings too like pine nuts and corn nuts and stuff...weird, but fun and nice presentation. Did not take away from the flavor at all. Ensalada Rusa - Had to get, I'm Russian and this was their take on Vinigrette (Russian beet salad). Sooooo good! Huge chunks, yet again, which this salad generally does not have. The aioli they drizzled on it was soooo good and perfect for the flavors. Loved it!Veggie Empanada - Came with 2. Very good. Delicious mushrooms and cheese inside. Maracuya Sour & Lychee Sour - Lychee was way better. Both ok. The egg whites in these drinks are ok to taste but kinda gross when your nose is in close proximity to the drink and you get a whiff of egg. The chicken came with 3 sauces. We asked our server to please make sure one of the sauces was hot sauce. We need hot sauce with every meal and especially ceviche. She brought it out and all was good but when the check came we saw a $1.50 charge for hot sauce...WTF!!! You can not serve Ceviche without hot sauce and then charge for it when we request it. In fact you REALLY should not charge for hot sauce at all and if you do you should have your servers tell patrons up front that it will be an additional charge. Of course we spoke to the manager and told him our concern. He took it off, but still it really upset me that we had to deal with that at the end of an otherwise perfect meal!
Had to wait for awhile, but once we ordered the food, it came out super quickly! We went a little crazy and got the following for 5 of us hungry peoples:3 orders of truffle mac and cheese: Amazing amazing. We initially got 2 orders, but decided to get a third one because it was soo good!2 orders of ceviche: it was fresh, but I think it might have tasted better with chips included! Pollo a la brasa (whole chicken): flavorful. Goes well with the sauces they give you.Sweet potato fries: Great with the sauces.2 orders of Lomo saltado: My favorite dish here, hands down. The meat was tender and the sauce was so good, we wanted to dip bread, rice, anything in it! Highly recommended.Pitcher of Sangria: Was not too sweet and perfect with everything we had! Wish there were more pieces of fruit in it though.About $30 a person for our feast.
As much as I really want to LOVE this place, I didn't. Was the experience overall okay? Sure, but with so much build up and hype, the food just didn't live up to the experience.Now everyone knows I have a soft spot for Central and Southern American cuisine. So when my friends told me about Limon being a Peruvian join, I just had to check it out. That line right there, sounded like it came straight out of a Triple D's script. Besides being white, covered in tattoo, spiky bleached hair, and rich. I too love to eat food and share about it. But if people ask me about a good Peruvian joint to go to, I would not say Limon Rotisserie at all. Reasons one, the food is mediocre. Their famous rotisserie chicken is well...taste like roasted chicken. To be honest, the seasoning at Costco is better. Their other dishes like Lomito Saltado lacked soul. You know what I'm talking about. This dish is supposed to be comforting and satisfying. The ones at Limon delivered on neither nor did it on my wallet. Everything else is just alright. Their side dishes are good but unless I'm an 80lb model, I will never get full. Which leads me to my next criticism. Their price to serving size ratio is horrendous. This place must makes a huge ROI. I mean the service was decent, decor was nice. I wouldn't have a problem eating dinner here if it was someone's decision but I wouldn't be a destination pick for me.I have to go to a bar and drink my Sunday night away, so I'm going to leave this review short and sweet. Check us out next time, when we head to a new destination showing you the best diners, drive-ins and dives! Or something like that....
Probably the best rotisserie chicken you'll have! It's enough for 2 people. Also their lomo saltado, yucca fries are so good! Great ambiance, perfect for a dinner night! Parking was a bit of a headache, so I'd rather uber next time.
You have to go check out this place I was very honored and very happy that my friends to go to this place you have to go.
What a great place! First time there we had the crispy ceviche and the chicken quarter. OMG I wish we were hungrier. THe food was fantastic. I loved the 3 dips for the yuca fries.We sat downstairs. Its a bit loud. We
This S. van ness location is ideal for large parties. I've tried pretty much everything on their menu and I highly recommend trying this place if you are looking for Peruvian food. The ceviche mixto is a nice way to start your meal becuase it's light. I know most people come here for the chicken but I think the steak is where it's at. Try the carne a la partially, but light on red wine sauce.
A few years back I had to go in so they could refund the extra $30+ they had charged in my card, a few days ago the added an extra $4 to my charge again.
Limon has great flavors all around. You have spice, zest, heat, tangy, and more. I would definitely get the rotisserie chicken, yuca fries, and ceviche. To drink, the sangria is the closest to authentic Spain quality sangria I have ever had that exists in the US.
The rotisserie chicken was the best one I had so far. Great ambience and good wine as well!
The food is good, especially the ceviche, and the restaurant can accomodate large parties. The waiters are friendly enough too. However the prices are rather steep for the amount of food and there are better Peruvian restaurants, in my humble opinion, within driving distance.
Pretty good noms. Ceviche De Pescado Y Camaron - Decent NOMSJalea - Mixture of crispy seafood, yucca and salsa criolla served with huacatay tartar sauce: This was OKaaayy...it was just like fried fish sticks with tartar. Nothing super special. Carne empanadas - Major NOMSTruffle Mac and Cheese - This is Peruvian...? The biggest NOMS!Most importantly they have one cocktail you have to get. It's the SALTY one. Salty limon or something. That was the biggest drinkable NOMS.
The opinion is out! This is officially the offices favorite new lunch spot!We had a catering order delivered for lunch and I couldn't even wait until the end of the day to write this review. The Lomo saltado was by far the overall winner, although I personally enjoyed the Chicharron de Pollo better - crispy and super flavorful. Another of my favorites was the veggies. Perfect sauteed, still crisp, and LOTS of flavor.Of you have to add yuca fries which are crispy and fat unlike the papas which were a bit limp and skinny - although they soak up that lomo sauce like nobody's business.The ordering process was super easy, and they delivered on time and set up everything for us.We will definitely be ordering from them again and again!
So, I'm going to be honest, I don't love this place. I have not ordered the chicken though, so for those of you that are going for chicken, this is probably not a relevant review. Things that I have had here:- Ceviche de Pescado - this was good, but not great. I have had better in the city so I probably would not get this again.- Championes - Meh. They didn't have much of a choice in veggie options to begin with and they were all out of the veggie empanadas so I ordered this. They were okay but not something I would go out to eat.- Queso empanada - This was my favorite out of what I ate because of the chimichurri sauce. I looooveee chimichurri sauce. I was bummed they were out of the veggie though so I would probably order that over the queso as it's not too flavorful.The person I went with got rotisserie chicken and devoured it so maybe that is the dish worth going for. I would not recommend Limon for vegetarians though.
This place is amazing! Definitely worth the wait. The rotisserie chicken and truffle mac and cheese were my favorite.
I've dined at Limon several times and have never been disappointed. Absolutely amazing each and every time, the staff is very attentive and helpful. The noise level is loud (especially upstairs), but the food and drinks are outstanding.
Oh man. That rotisserie chicken was about as good as it gets - straight falls off the bones, super moist, and just supreme. The truffle mac & cheese was also fantastic. After trying everyone else's dishes as well, it was decided that the wait and the horrible parking were totally worth it.
The two-stars was just for the food, or it would have gotten only one star. Here's why we weren't happy: 1) I came here with a group of friends for a birthday dinner. They messed up our reservation (confirmed on phone saying party was at Valencia location, then when we got there they said it's actually at Van Ness), so we had to drive over and find parking on Van Ness. 2) Our reservation was at 8pm, but we didn't get our table until 8:40pm. What's the point of a reservation?! 3) they gave us 3 menus to share between 14 people even after we asked for more multiple times. then they told us we had to do prix-fixe when you have more than 15 people, we were not aware of that and actually we had 14 people.. and no water for everyone for another 20 mins 4) It's a birthday, so we brought a birthday cake with us. They helped us refrigerate the cake, but after we finished our dinner they told us that we need to pay $2 per person if they helped us cut the cake. Seriously?! So we said ok, we would cut the cake ourselves, then they again said "oh we will still need to charge you $2 per person for the plates and forks you will use." We told them about the reservation problem we had and all the trouble we had with the restaurant and asked them to waive the charge and they said "we can't, if we did that for you, everyone else would want to cut the cake here. Every restaurant is charging people for that.." SERIOUSLY? That's the most ridiculous thing I ever heard in 2014... 5) A 20% automatic service charge. For this service?! What a way to end 2014!
This was my first time at this location and it's great that this one is bigger than the one on Valencia. I just moved back to the Bay Area and Limon is one of my favorite places to dine. I was part of a large party (10 people) and we were seated downstairs. There's ample space there, but the acoustics are horrible. It's very loud and you would need to raise your voice a bit to get heard. It was a Friday night so very busy. Our table ended up ordering two whole chickens and about 9 different side dishes / small plates / large plates (2 orders of each). My favorites of the sides were the following: - Tuna Tartare- Ensalada Rusa- Lomito Saltado- Truffle Mac and Cheese Overall, our party had a good dining experience, the food came out quickly and we had enough of everything. My three stars come from the service we ended up receiving at the end of our meal. Our server SERGIO was quite rude at the end of the night. I am not sure if he was in a bad mood because it was busy or not, but I was quite taken aback when he told me to calm down when I asked him about an error on a credit card charge. I assume he thought my raised voice was because I was mad, NO, it was because it was so darn loud downstairs that if I said it softer, he wouldn't understand me. I would've asked for the manager, but our party had to leave. Anyways, it was a very unpleasant ending to an otherwise great meal. I hope you don't receive this type of service when you decide to dine there.
Amazing Rotisserie Chicken, Cocktails, Sweet Potato Fries, Ceviche !
The three traditional staples of Peruvian cuisine are corn, potatoes, and chili peppers; And those ingredients were certainly prevalent in many of the dishes on Limon Rotisserie's menu. We were promptly sat at our reservation time which always starts off the meal proper for me. The interior was unremarkable, however I noticed there were 8 seats at the bar that can accommodate walk in patrons for those that don't feel like waiting for a table. I decided to try the Mango Lemonade and it had the right amount of citrus and mango flavor making for a refreshing drink. We decided on the following small dishes:1) Yucca fries - Very dry, starchy and bland2) Vegetales Salteados - Green beans, onions, squash, and bell peppers in a soy based sauce3) Lomito Saltado - Tender sirloin, tomatoes, onions, and french fries in a soy based sauce4) Ceviche Mixto - Red snapper, calamari, and tiger shrimp in a citrus, garlic, cilantro, salt sauce5) Crispy Ceviche - Crispy pieces of Petrole Sole and Yuca served with a shot of Leche de Tigre(citrus based marinade)All of the dishes we tried are recommended except for the Yucca fries which were too starchy and plain for me. I enthusiastically suggest you try the Lomito Saltado.The dishes came out in quick succession and our waiter was attentive, professional, and had a grin on his face all night(which unfortunately, I can't take credit for).Food: 3.5 starsService 3.5 stars
This place is never disappointing. Everything I had was delicious. This was he first time I tried their famous chicken and I'm really sorry I hadn't before. The chicken was incredibly delicious. Completely recommend this place to everyone that loves food.
Everything was juicy and delicious but the waiter was consistently yapping away and nowhere to be found. I love grilled chicken and I have been looking for a place that makes it juicy to perfection. Obviously this place is known for their chicken so of course I am going to give it a try! Well the food was great and we received the food within 10 min of ordering it but the waiter was consistently randomly yapping with everyone around him. It took longer to get the check than it took to get the food. I find that customer service can easily make or break a business. Other than that the chicken was amazing and I would get it again in a heart beat I'll just probably have to go on another night and pray that I get a different waiter.
Came here the other night with a few friends. Made last minute reservations through open table. We were late but they still accommodated us since they weren't that busy. Still as good as the first time. Chicken is still amazing and juicy. In love with the yucca fries and all the sauces to dip them in. Got the tuna tartare this time and love it with the chips. Has great flavor... I mean everything had great flavor. We also got the truffle mac and cheese which I liked better this time than the last time I had it. Everything was delicious and service was pretty good.
I've been here twice. The first time was superb - delicious food and wonderful service. The second time was a-ok - chicken was dry and salty and the waiter forgot how much we paid... In the end, I am still a fan but not sure when I'll be back again.POLLO A LA BRASA (whole chicken)The rotisserie chicken was delicious! Very tender and juicy with an herby crisp layer of skin, mmm. Three sauces were included - two of which had an aioli consistency and the other (and my favorite) has herbs & oil. However, when I came back a second time, the chicken was dry and really salty... to the point that I needed to drink water after every few bites.Each order of chicken comes with two sides and I've tried:YUCA FRIESThe yuca fries were well-fried and had a slightly heavy and creamy texture to it. I wasn't IN LOVE with it but it was still good.VEGETABLESThe veggies side was nicely sauteed and is a great break from all the meats.SWEET POTATO FRIESI don't normally like sweet potato fries but these were quite good. CHEVICHE MIXTOCalamari, tiger shrimp and fish with citrus-based juice and corn bits. Cheviche is a relatively new phenomenon for me but I quite love it because of the sour "kick" and the raw fish. There were plenty pieces of each to go around too. The corn bits were different from traditional corn; it was larger in size, paler in color and there were cooked and roasted pieces too.LOMITO SALTADOFries, onions and sirloin strips stir-fried together. The fries were very crispy but the beef was a bit overcooked to my tastes.TRUFFLE MAC'N'CHEESEA very nice carb item for our meal. It tastes just as it sounds. It's a well done mac'n'cheese you'd expect from a restaurant. The truffle flavor was present and did not overwhelm.CARNE A LA PARRILLASkirt steak dish served with yukon potatoes with a red wine and demi glaze. This was quite delicious and was beautifully presented. The beef here was cooked to pink perfection. LYCHEE SOURLychee infused Pisco Porton, citrus, egg whites and bitters. I normally don't like bitters but you can barely taste it in this drink - the lychee flavor ruled all. It was very enjoyable that may be a "girly drink" since you barely taste the alcohol. It ends with a very subtle hint of it then it just disappears. If you like lychee, this is the drink for you.The first time I was here, service was great. Waiters were attentive to our empty plates and cleared the table one dish at a time. We had a quarter chicken leftover and friends pawned it off to me using my birthday as the reason haha. It was the last dish left and for the heck of it, I placed my favorite herb sauce on the plate of chicken, hoping the waiter gets the hint. When the container came back, I opened it and felt like I won the lottery! He poured the herb sauce on the leftover chicken. Thank you, awesome waiter for understanding my subtle hinthint.The second time I was here, we were seated downstairs and it seemed like the waiter wanted us to order drinks. When we decided not to, he walked away before taking our food order. And when we paid for the bill, we had one card and a bunch of cash. Our waiter actually CAME BACK to ask us how much we paid in cash because he "just put the cash away without thinking to count it." Wait, what? You're lucky we weren't sleazy people who would lie about how much we paid.
Fall off the bone rotisserie chicken at its finest! Get the stir-fried veggies as one of your sides. The steak and sangria are excellent as well. There was no wait to eat at the bar. Bi-Rite is a short walk away if you have room for dessert. I'll definitely be back soon for the amazing food and friendly service.
As closer as Peru as it gets! Expensive though small portions..
Came here twice in the last month and was still disappointed. I truly believe the service staff needs improvement. 1st time i came here for lunch. The server seemed to never pay attention to our table. Being an experienced server from another restaurant, it shouldn't be that hard to speak to our server. Its understandable when its busy, but it was on an extremely slow Monday. I asked for a drink & the server asked for my id. The server never checked on our table even once. When i was asking for a box for my food, the server was too busy speaking to other employees. The 2nd time i decided to come for my birthday. Made a reservation & didn't get a table until 30 minutes after our reservation. I understand its a small restaurant, but tables could've been modified to seat parties. Knowing i have work in a couple hours, it isn't really a pleasant feeling. When we finally got sat, the server seemed very rushed and asked "are we ready to order, or no?". I've never been to a restaurant and was asked if i was ready to order even before i was settled. I ordered a drink & was never asked for my id, which i believe its because he was in a rush. This place just gives me the feeling of being rushed when its busy that they didn't even bother checking your ids. But if i come here on a slow day, they definitely would've checked my id. Throughout the meal the server seemed very rushed & spoke too fast for me to even understand. Both times i was here was very disappointing. Hoping that the second time would've been better, i was still disappointed. I truly believe the service staff still needs much improvement.
We had a reservation and we reached 15 mins early. We barely waited at the bar for 5 mins before getting our tables.The pisco sours were amazing(especially the lychee). We had pollo empanada , lomita saltado (It has a lot of french fries but then its in the description), Lengua (amazing), championees and beef ribs . I liked all their dishes.The service was prompt and courteous.We got a seat downstairs and it was noisy, but its a Saturday and this is a popular spot.we had a great great time.If its a weekend, don't go without a reservation. they don't take walk-ins. the bar is full service but you have to wait to get a spot, and there is not much space.
It is difficult to write this review but I feel that it's necessary to provide an honest feedback. I live in the Mission and have always been a frequent visitor of Limon on Van Ness since it's practically located in my backyard. In fact, it's my go-to restaurant for all visitors to SF and almost every time, it was a hit. However, my most recent visit on 10/16 was below expectations and unfortunately, was never properly addressed by any of the workers or the manager. Reading some of the other reviews about their negative experience, I wanted to share mine as well.I had reservations for 3 at 9PM and arrived 5 minutes early at 8:55PM. I was told by the hostess that they were getting our table ready and to wait a couple of minutes. No problem, completely understandable. And so my guests and I waited, and waited, and waited. I noticed that groups of folks who showed up AFTER us were being seated BEFORE us and so I had to ask 3 different times. All 3 times I was given a different answer (i.e. they were here before you, people are hanging out longer than expected, etc). And finally, at approx 9:45PM (almost an hour after we checked-in and 45 minutes after our reservation time), I asked again why it was taking so long for our table and was told that there were "a lot of 9:00 reservations and people are just sitting around for a long time". Right at that moment, they were about to sit a table of 6 but the group had left (probably waited too long as well) so they had us take the table, again, almost an HOUR after our reservation. Dinner was great as usual but it completely killed the mood after waiting an hour even though we had reservation. I mean, what's the point of making reservations if the restaurant can't accommodate it? What made it more disappointing was the fact that the manager did not acknowledge or even apologize for the long wait. I would expect that their customer service be on par as their food but unfortunately, they did not seem to care enough to even say a 5 second apology. Limon used to be my go-to restaurant for out of town visitors but moving forward, I will need to question whether it's worth it anymore.
The roasted chicken is so good my sister, who hails from Phoenix, won't go anywhere else when she is in town. Also for all you Paleo types out there, roasted chicken, yucca fries and the delish steamed veggies fills the bill!
First time here - even thou I'm not a big fan of roasted chicken, I did like limon~This place was crazily busy. Even with reservation, they won't seat you until everyone is here. 10 of us got seated at the basement - it got pretty hot and stuffy down there.....our server suggested us to do family style, and i thought he basically planned it out for us. We shared some cold and hot plates:ceviche mixto - so yummy! very fresh seafood, nicely flavored. ensalada rusa - if you like beets, you will love this salad. the beets was so sweet and juicy, the yukon potato gave a different texture to the salad.queso and carne empanadas - didn't get to try the beef one but the cheese one was pretty good. love the pastry dough~jalea - like the ceviche, the seafood was so fresh. lightly fried - crispy on the outside, juicy in the inside.truffle mac and cheese - probably one of the best mac and cheese that i've had~ the smell of cheese was very strong, but the taste was not as strong as the smell.carne a la parrilla - the skirt steak was so good! tender and juicy - i wished i had my own plate~~At the end we all did have the famous roasted chicken. It was pretty good, a bit salty on the outside, and because i had the dark meat so it wasn't dry. I was not sure how the white meat was but friends were saying it was pretty moist. As for side we got the sweet potato fries (one of the best ever!), sautee rice and beans, vegetables and fried potato (maybe that's the yuca fries? it was good~ like fried mashed potato). Overall food was pretty good~ Even if you are not a fan of roasted chicken, they do serve very good cold and hot plates~~
I came here just to try their famous chicken. And it was slightly underwhelming. Honestly, why is it so salty?The ceviche and paella was decent. The mango dessert was bomb. And thats all I have to say about Limon.
A few of my friends have recommended Limon Rotisserie. My family had early dinner reservations and Limon wasn't too busy, but by the time we ate our dinner, the place was packed. For starters, we had the ceviche mixto of fish, calamari & tiger shrimp which was light and refreshing. For dinner, we had the whole chicken pollo a la brasa - Limo's famous marinated free-range rotisserie chicken and came with a choice of two sides, so we had the tacu-tacu (sauted rice & beans) and the vegtales salteados. We also order a side of truffle infused mac & cheese for our daughter. The chicken was okay, and we were expecting a bit more flavor and unique spices. The sides were good, and our daughter especially loved the mac & cheese.
I'm always on the hunt for tasty Peruvian places and Limon Rotisserie fit that bill. Between the 4 of us, we ordered a whole chicken (pollo a la brasa), ceviche, a side of tacu tacu, yuca fries and walked out with leftovers. It's a large space with a downstairs area so it's good for both small and large groups. When I'm back up in the Bay area again, I wouldn't mind stopping by again because I can count on the quality of the food and the friendly service.
What? Maybe I've been spoiled by real Peruvian at hole in the wall places in SoCal, but man...this was probably the most disappointing meal since I've moved.I should have looked through Yelp a little more and realized that this is a hipster joint and not an authentic experience. Maybe I should have gotten the rotisserie chicken. Sigh.Let's just touch on the Lomo Saltado since it's just...a classic. I mean nevermind that a truly tiny plate sets you back $11. Simply put, this dish is incredibly salty and the meat is dry. I hadn't realized that it didn't come with aji, so I asked for it."Sure! Which one would you like?," he asks."Oh I didn't know there were different kinds...um...the normal one they usually serve at Peruvian places?""Well we have 3 different types of sauces - chimichurri, blah blah blah""No, not chimichurri. Can I just have the spicy, light green aji with cilantro they usually always have at Peruvian places?""Okay!" ...and then brings out chimichurri.I waived him back down and explained to him again. He takes back the chimichurri and brings out their trio of some type of mustard sauce, aji, and chimichurri. Really? All I wanted was aji. Just that deliciously spicy, cilantro-y crack sauce to dip everything in.Then he charges us for both the full size chimichurri and the sampler (we only touched the aji). Honestly, if you've ever had real Peruvian, stay away from this place. Maybe try the rotisserie - that may have been our mistake. But anything else - just stay way, way back. This is a prime example of great cuisine being ruined by upscale trendiness. If you're from SoCal and have experienced the majesty of Mario's, don't even bother.
My experience here was lovely, sharing half a rotisserie chicken, some mixed ceviche, Yuca fries and a pitcher of sangria with my date. Little cramped, but we were served quickly by a friendly waiter who even patted me on the back.What I remember most is not the tenderness of the chicken itself (and ohhh was it tender!), but the three Aji dipping sauces served with everything. I liked the hot mustard-like sauce the best, but all 3 were delicious, and were each great compliments to the dishes.Our first meal of the day, this was a very-welcome, savory PM brunch encounter.
Really good food and drinks. Every tapa that we ordered was really tasty and the drinks were nice and strong!
Another excellent recommendation from a local friend. The setting is upscale gastropub at its finest. The staff were all friendly; casual yet professional. The cocktails are outstanding, some of the best I've had. Addicted to the yucca fries already. Grilled vegetable tapas plate was perfection. The ceviche is world-class. The rotisserie chicken, ironically, was my least favorite dish... though that's what this place is known for. It was still quite good, just didn't stand out from the crowd the way everything else did.Love it. Will be back.
I went here for lunch on my birthday. My gf took me here stating that her co workers really suggested this place. I'm glad she took me here. Although the area was a lil bit ghetto, the restaurant, workers, and owners were really good overall. Host service was good, and we were greeted by the owner. He recommended us the mushroom with melted cheese as an appetizer. WOW, one of the best appetizers I've tried. We were kind of worried about recommendations from some people, but he knew what he was talking about. We also order a two person roast chicken with a side of grilled vegetables and rice. The chicken tasted really good! Love the skin and love the sides. The sauce they brought out had 3 choices. It was all good. Especially the curry tasting one.After a few bites, we were full...The chicken was a bit dry at the middle, but still tasted good with the sauce. We were full until 9 pm and we ate at 1pm. Still, I am a fan now, and definitely coming back.
I have been coming here quite frequently lately and here's what I have ordered and what I think:CEVICHE PESCADO: It's the red snapper ceviche. It comes with lime juice and I absolutely loved it. I really love raw fish in general! But the lime juice made it really refreshing to start off my meal.TARTARA DE TUNA: This is basically tuna tartare. It comes with a few slices of cucumber, some chips, and the tuna of course! It was really salty so I didn't enjoy it as much.POLLO EMPANADA: Yummmm. Crispy on the outside, chicken on the inside! But the flavoring of the beef one was better.CARNE EMPANADA: Get it! POLLO A LA BRAZA: Such juicy chicken with tasty skin. They also give you 3 kinds of sauces so you can dip your chicken in whatever you want! We ordered two halves so that you get extra sides. I like the yuca fries and vegetables a lot. LOMITO SALTADO: It has sirloin strips and fries together. Although the taste is salty, the sirloin strips were slightly too chewy and the fries were definitely too oily. We didn't even finish it. MANGO PANNA COTTA: I was in dessert heaven! We probably would have licked the plate if we could! The panna cotta was so creamy and just the perfect amount of sweetness. You also get some pineapple with it. Yum! SANGRIA: I love sangria from most places and this place has some good sangria too. Cheers! MARUCAYA SOUR: This one has pisco, passion fruit, lime, and a little bit of egg white. Its presentation isn't very special but it is definitely yummy because it's fruity and sweet. PA BRAVO YO: Pisco, orange, passion fruit, fresh diced strawberries, and some soda water. It looked really pretty, especially with the fresh strawberries in there but it was slightly too strong.As for the service, it varies. When I sat on the bottom floor, they were checking on us so many times that I wish they would leave us alone so we can just talk uninterrupted. When I sat on the main floor, they didn't really check on us at much but it was harder to flag down someone to order more food or dessert. Last note: Make a reservation! On a Thursday night at 7pm ish there was at least a 30 minute wait and when we left around 8:15pm, there was still a lot of people waiting.
The food was delicious - not arguing there - but the service was horrific.I went to Limon on a Saturday for a birthday party. My friend had made the reservation and called again the morning of to confirm. Everything seemed good.When we arrived for the dinner, they didn't seat us for 25 minutes after our reservation time. Standard at busy restaurants, I am told. So no fault here.The rest of the night was a cat-and-mouse game with the staff who made us wait multiple times for absurdly long amounts of time:- After we sat down, we waited 20 minutes for water- After water was given to us, they gave us 4 menus for the 14 of us- We waited another 20 minutes to put in an order- We waited 40 minutes for the first dishes to come out- And so on and so forth...
The only reason I write this it is because I want to be fair. I decided to give another chance to this restaurant and I went 2 weeks ago. I'm pleased to says the roasted chicken, fries and salad were fresher and tasted really good I'm glad I thought I lost my favorite restaurant. But the service not so much but well at least food got better.
One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. I like to come here on a monthly basis at least.Reasons why I'm a regular include:- The best damn chicken I've ever had- A variety of tasty dipping sauces - Delicious sides, especially the tacu tacu (sauteed rice and beans)- Cheap pitchers of sangria - EMPANADAS filled with cheese- Creamy mac & cheese that goes oh-so-well with the chicken- Insanely fast service (chicken + sangria are on the table in approximately 2 minutes)- Easy to get reservations for large groups- Super affordable pricesObsessed. With. Limon. For. Life.
Awesome place! Tried the slow roasted chicken! Perfect with the fried yuca and rice.
They offer the best empanadas I ever tasted. They were crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside. The chicken was moist and the three dipping sauces were tasty. The wait staff weren't very attentive at all and acted like their face would crack if they attempted to smile. We had to wait a long time before someone took our order. Instead of checking on us to see if everything was okay, we'd have to flag someone down or get up out of our seat to talk to the wait staff. I would have been more understanding if the wait staff were over taxed but most were just standing around chatting it up with each other. One girl just stood around gossiping with her co-workers and playing with her hair-- I guess it was a good thing she wasn't handling food. If you're not in any rush, the food is good. Four stars for the food, 1.5 stars for the service averages out to 3 stars.
Fabulous night at Limon! We booked a table on OpenTable for the three of us and were quickly seated downstairs.We were impressed by the extensive drink menu & went for a pitcher of the fresh fruit Sangria, which we finished with no problem.We ordered a huge amount of food: half a chicken, cerviche mixto, truffle macaroni, lomito Saltado, side of vegetables, and Yuca Fries. Everything was delicious, my favorite being the cerviche mixto and mac n cheese!
Disappointment results from various phenomena: hype, bad experiences...and very upsetting food!I looked forward to dining at Limon Rotisserie and trying some really good Peruvian food.And boy was I disappointed...From the menu, things sounded really tasty. We ordered a quarter chicken (dark) with sweet potato fries and salad, (2) carne empanadas, and some of their truffle mac-and-cheese. Where do I start...-- Quarter Chicken (dark): Pretty tasty. Not burnt, nicely moist, and holistically enjoyable.-- Sweet potato fries: Not Peruvian...and nothing special. Unless a restaurant serves a variation...sweet potato fries always taste the same!-- Salad: Enjoyable - great to see beets in the salad. Yup...a mundane side, but a great compliment to the chicken.-- Carne Empanadas: For an entire section on the menu emphasizing these packets on joy (har har...), we opted for the carne version. SO underwhelming, and SO mundane! The breading was way too thick for the filling inside. Also was completely bland. For the meat filling, there wasn't enough of it. It was also super bland. I could get multiple of these for only of a fraction of the cost at Limon, and they'd also taste a whole lot better!-- Truffle Mac-and-Cheese: We fell for a horrible ruse. The menu describes this dish as their signature dish. Hmm...doesn't say much for Limon Roisserie then! The mac-and-cheese was really light, so much so that it was a bit annoying to eat, as you don't taste anything, but feel it in your gut afterwards. The truffles weren't really evident, although I might be wrong. I just felt I was eating bland mac-and-cheese. SUCH an underwhelming dish.I'm really disappointed after dining here. So glad the food wasn't pricey, yet maybe I got what I paid for? Either way, I'm not coming back.
The chicken is full of savory juices and very flavorful. It literally falls from the bone. The 3 sauces are delicious, good for chicken and salads. It's an all purpose destination... Date night, small groups, family style. They're doing some thing right!
I've been to Limon several times, and the food is always great. We gorged on the chicken, the yucca fries, the truffle mac & cheese, and veggie empanadas.The only reason it loses a star is the noise. We were there on a Saturday night at 8 p.m., and the inside acoustics were deafening. We had to scream to hear each other.
I dropped in here for a quick bite on my last San Fran trip! I didn't get to sample a lot of things but I can tell you what I did have was fantastic! The ceviche de pescado and cameron was mouth watering and the yuca fries accompanied with a trio of sauces transported me to a very happy place. It was the perfect portion and tasty enough that I must return!
I came into Limon without having any expectations. My friend and I wanted to try a new place, and I love Peruvian food so off we went.You have to get reservations, as the place is really crowded, especially on a Friday night. We were seated and the service was really good.THE FOOD IS AMAZING. I haven't had food like this in such a long time. The chicken is to die for, and so were all the sauces that came with it. I used the sauces for the chicken, the fries and the calamari. The prices weren't too crazy either. I definitely recommend this place. Go go go.
The chicken is delicious and also a tremendous value. Make sure to get in a good lifting session at the gym first so all that protein has somewhere to go.
I had to edit my 5 star review after visiting today 4/29 and the waitress did not speak Spanish!? How do you order "Chicha Morada" in English? It's on the meu!Would have been cool, but her attitude was lousy.
Food = great! Ceviche mixto = delicious, and perfectly seasoned. Fresh seafood, yo!Lomito saltado = delicious, but it was a bit too saucy.Yuca fries = crisp outside and starchy inside. It was my first time trying them. Tacu-tacu = Peruvian rice and lentils = delicious, addicting, and such great flavor! Half of their chicken = got our work cut out for us, but it was very well seasoned and crisp on the outside and tender and moist on the inside. Drinks = great. Had their sangria... need to try their pisco drinks next time! Beautiful looking concoctions! Service = nice, friendlyPrices = moderateSeats at bar = fun. Just a lot of movement. :) Small place.
Food was out very promptly and was delicious!
Came here for dinner on a Monday evening around 6:45ish. Ordered the seafood ceviche, chicken empanda, the chicarron de pollo, and the paella. The best dish of the night was the ceviche, which had a generous amount of seafoods, was flavored just right, and pretty yummy. I'd recommend that dish.Everything else fell flat. The chicken empanada was alright, but it didn't really stand out to me in any way. Unmemorable. I wanted the chicarron de pollo because I love fried chicken, but man, this was like fried to a crisp, to the point where it was just really chewy and tough, and somewhat difficult to bite. Not super flavorful too. The paella was on the opposite end of the flavor spectrum: WAY too salty, my god! The service was fine, and the place is cute, so that's where this place gets stars. But food-wise, I wasn't super impressed. Maybe, if I were to come again, I'll order what they're known for: the rotisserie chicken. I saw that on others' tables, and it looked rather yummy.
This was my first time having Peruvian food, and it was a great first impression. I went with a friend after work, and it was really busy on a Thursday night but we got lucky and got a table. The wait staff was very friendly and prompt with the service.We ordered yuka fries, a steak dish and a chicken dish and shared. The steak had this delicious soy sauce-based sauce and was cooked to perfection. The chicken was fried, but not so much so that you feel greasy after. It was so juicy and flavorful, and the yuka fries were a nice texture.The atmosphere was fun and hip. I'll def come back and hang out at the bar for a while.
The rotisserie chicken and the sauces were the best part of my night here. Chicken was tender and juicy and the three sauces complimented it well. Truffle mac & cheese is a must get, because, well...it's truffle mac & cheese. Delicious. I think we ordered pretty much one of everything on the menu. I love coming in big groups so we could try everything.Sangria here was yummy, too. Order a pitcher for $25. It's worth it. I wasn't a big fan of the lomitas saltado. Fries were too soggy and the steak was salty.Service was quick. Horrible cell phone reception in the dungeon (downstairs dining area).
Can't go wrong with rotisserie chicken with some special sauces washed down with a Pisco sour. Accompanied by your choice of delicious side dishes (we had yucca fries, sweet potato fries, mixed vegetables, and just rice).Parking can be a B but if you come early you might find some good street parking. Come late and you might be better off in one of the garages. Keep in mind it is the Mission and although it's improved quite a bit over the years, it's still the Tijuana of San Francisco.
Good service we got seated right away with our reservation The waiter should have recommend other variety other than just chicken
it was good, portions were big. I was full and happy :)it was about 3 weeks ago, so i don't recall anything that really stuck out.oh the sauces for the chicken were all outstanding and the rotisserie chicken was not dry.
Yummy yummy yummy. Chicken was tender and freakin bomb so make sure you get some of dat ishhhzzz. Comes with 3 dipping sauces + 2 sides so it's a pretty good deal. Also got the saltado which had lots of flavor but was brimming with oil (it's a fries dish so I didn't expect anything less) for the health conscious. The paella was delicious but I wish the rice:seafood ratio was a little more balanced. Ceviche trio was amazing. Fresh citrus marinated fish with pine and corn nuts delicately scattered around the plate. I'll be back to try the chicharron (which ran out when we wanted to order it .. must be popular!)Service was great. Lots of seating despite its popularity (there's an upstairs and downstairs) but you can always make reservations to be safe.Also they played EDM the whole time we were here. EAT PERUVIAN FOOD, RAVE N BE HAPPY AT LIMON ROTISSERIE.
Great food !Too loud as if you are screaming at one another.I will never come back to this location. The basement smelled like you were eating next to toilet. Wait you are next to toilet. Service was just so so!
I love burritos. I love Mission burritos. I love carne asada. Why mention that? Well, I have come to the conclusion that I need to try more Latin American fare, and Limon was near the top of my list. I had an excellent meal at Parada 22 in the Haight yesterday, and I just finished a great Peruvian lunch. I came a little past noon, and there was ample seating available. I'd say it was about 2/3 full for lunch before 1. The one thing that drew me to this place was the chicken. I read good things about it, and decided to give it a try. I realized that the quarter dark meat portion is actually a darn good deal for $10 since it came with 2 sides and the sauces. I opted for the yucca fries and the tacu tacu (rice mixed with beans). I didn't need to, but I also ordered the truffle mac and cheese. The waiters were friendly, and I actually had 2 different waiters check up on me. Weird, but good to know they are looking out for you. Its also nice that they hand you a whole jar of water to refill your glass whenever you see fit, though at one point a waitress refilled my glass with her own pitcher. Nothing wrong with that. More water for me!So it took a little less than 10 minutes for my food to come out, and man did I savor it. The truffle mac and cheese was great! The amount of cheese and truffle oil in every bite was great, and the noodles were cooked just right. It is good enough to share between 2-3 people, or even one person if that is all they plan on eating. Someone enlighten me on how mac and cheese is Peruvian. Just curious, but I'm glad it was on the menu. I'm a dark meat kind of guy, and I expected it to be cooked with enough flavor. The chicken was cooked perfectly, even the skin! However, I felt the skin was a little too salty for my taste. The tacu tacu was a great compliment, and I'm glad I ordered it instead of regular fries or plain rice. All the sauces tasted delicious without it being too heavy. I made sure to incorporate their sauces as much as possible, and I'm generally a fan of chimichurri sauce too. They yucca fries were just ok. I had it a lot when I visited Costa Rica a couple years back. I mean, I like french fries in general, but it was nice to eat something a little different than what I would normally get. Of course, the sauce was a good dip for the fries. Delicious overall, and a simple yet pleasant lunch experience in the Mission. Seriously that chicken platter for $10 is a steal. I'd definitely come back here.
Food = not badService = terribleI was going to let our experience here slide but being that it's already past 2 months and it still makes me upset when I remember our experience here, I think it's best if I share it on yelp. My fianc and I, along with two other friends, decided to check out this place on New Year's Eve for our final dinner of 2014. We were extremely excited that we were able to squeeze in a reservation at 7 pm. When we had arrived, just as we had expected, the place was packed and extremely busy. But being that the restaurant was incredibly high rated on Yelp, we assumed that the staff would be able to handle the chaos. We were seated right next to the main entrance. There was a crowd of people standing right next to us, waiting to be seated. Although it was a bit uncomfortable having them stare at us while we ate, we brushed it off and agreed not to let it ruin our dining experience. As time passed, more and more people started to squeeze their way into the front of the restaurant. It got to the point where every five seconds, someone, including the waitstaff, would bump into my fiance's chair or his elbow. At this point, we were surprised that the staff didn't request to have some of the customers wait outside. There was absolutely no room to even walk.   Once we received our entrees, the bumping and crowding was getting a little out of hand, so we decided to notify the waiter of the situation. The waiter shouted, "please move back" just once, and then ran off to take care of his other orders. It did nothing. A few minute later, a lady customer walking over to the bar had bumped into my fiance's elbow pretty hard. Instead of apologizing, she had decided to pick a fight with him and started complaining how his elbow was in her way. He was just trying to eat his food. (sigh...) We really didn't want to make a big scene at the restaurant so we just let the lady finish complaining, and decided to inform the manager of what was turning out to be a very disappointing experience. When the manager came to speak with us, I kindly let him know of the situation, and all he could say was "I'm sorry. It's just really busy today. There's nothing we could do." As the crowd got bigger, people were actually pushing into my fiance's elbow while he attempted to finish eating. We called the manager over and showed him exactly what we were talking about and again he apologized, asked the customer to move back just once, (which again did nothing) and then ran off to take care of other things. They were doing nothing to fix the situation. When we received our check, the manager told the waiter "give them a free dessert," as if it would make amends for our horrible experience. Unfortunately, we didn't want to even stay there a second longer. We left and agreed to never return.This situation could have been easily fixed if they had just kindly asked their customers to wait outside. If that wasn't doable, they should not have squeezed our table right by the entrance in the first place. We really had expected a lot more from a restaurant that's rated so highly on Yelp.
Three stars are as follows: the waiters one star, the sweet potato fries another star and the rice and beans another star---for a total of 3stars. The chicken was--meh... $16 for a half of chicken thought it was going to be superb, but I've had better. The chicharron was basically chicken strips (that is deep fried chicken pieces)---reading chicharron I really thought it was going to be "chicharron". The lomito saltado was just okay... Not a wow factor--the pieces of steak were good but it was a whatever dish..last but not least the sangria---I kept reading that it was great sangria but to me it tasted watered down, even my mother-in-law had the sangria as well and she said the same. I have had great sangria and this was not one of them.  Our waiter was great! Prompt and helpful, the sweet potato fries one of the best I have had and the rice and beans were good wish it was served with a little bigger portion. Would I come back to this place? Probably not.
Despite waiting a long time to be seated after a reservation this place is amazing. The service was awesome! The food was also really tasty!
The food is amazing. My husband bring me there one time and I fall in love with the food, we like to drive far away for good food. Everybody should try ifI am so sorry to say this but the service is bad, I am a waitress so I know what I am talking about, I ask very kindly if the can change my silverware cause they was dirty the waitress very rudely take it and bring my new silverware but more dirty and she was very rude. The place is little dirty so I think when it's not busy the could clean. Tables are so stiky .
Went with a party of 3 at 7PM on a Sunday. Got seated right away downstairs, which I was surprised about. The lower level then filled up pretty quickly, and we still hadn't put in our orders. Finally, we ordered 3 drinks at the same time that we placed our food order. We eventually had to ask about the status of our drinks (a bottled beer, a pre-made sangria, and a WATER), because they hadn't come out after about 30 minutes. The food took even longer. Some of the servers were nicer than others, giving us false hope that our food and drinks were going to come out any second. I think the "family-style menu," as they name it, means that they take the orders of all the parties in the room, cook the food all at once, and bring out everything as it's completed. So, we had our meal in parts. The whole ordeal took about 2.5 hours.If you do go, the rotisserie chicken is a must. So moist and flavorful. Two of us split a half, and it was a sufficient amount. Comes with two baby-sized sides, so we ordered 2 more sides. The yucca fries were tasty and not overly fried. The tacu-tacu was also great. The plain arroz was garlicky, in a good way. The chicharron de pollo was pretty tough, and we didn't care for it as much. The sangria was alright, served in a smaller cup.All-in-all, the food was delicious, but the wait was excruciating. I don't often write reviews on Yelp, but I would like people to know that they should go here for dinner only when they have the time to wait.
We waited for about an hour and half, but very much worth the wait. While we waited, I ordered the Lychee Sour. Absolutely one of my favorite cocktails of the night. During dinner we ordered 1/2 rotisserie chicken with a side order of yuca fries and veggies. As we were 3 sharing this meal we added the pollo empanadas. All very delicious and we were very satisfied with our portions. We ended our meal with a decadent dessert, the Chocolate Bandido.
We had a 6:30 PM reservation on a Friday night. We were seated quickly and the service was speedy! We ordered the half chicken, ceviche mixto, and some sort of dish that had steak mixed with fries and veggies (highly recommended!). The chicken was great but I think we could have skipped it all together because the other dishes were delicious on their own. Thanks, Limon!
Great food! I think I just had an unfortunate experience, my friends and I waited nearly 30minutes for our drinks and 40 for our food. The portions were kind of small, but I think I was more surprised by their small portions because we waited for such a long time. Once we began eating we realized we wanted to order more but we were cautioned that there was a good amount of time we had to wait for our food. In the end, the manager was very polite and she (without asking) gave us yucca fries on the house and we were very pleased but long story short, order more food you think! Overall though it was a great place and the food was good!
I made a reservation for 5 people at Limon. When I called they told me that 7:30 pm for 5 people were confirmed. When my party of 5 (we were actually 6) got there, they told me that I was not on the reservation list, that they did not see my name, and then turned and continued looking at the screen. I told them that I had made a reservation for 5 people at 7:30 pm and that I needed to be seated to which one of the staff responded, "We are all booked for tonight. We have been booked for a few days." They wondered if I had called and made the reservation at the other location on Valencia Street. I looked at my phone call record and told them that I had called their location and that a woman had contacted me to confirm the appointment. I asked to speak with the Manager. They made me wait for a few minutes. The manager showed up with no apology and told me that she could place me on the wait list but that she did not know how long it would take for us to get seated. After checking in with my party, we decided to leave. We ended up going to another Peruvian restaurant that welcomed us with respect; we were able to have a nice meal, and conversation. So glad we moved on, Limon was just too overcrowded and noisy. Why we went there? Because my mom, who is Peruvian, wanted to try the roasted chicken.Why we are no coming back? Because of the poor, unapologetic, disrespectful customer service from very unprofessional staff. Nope.To the Staff who treated me and my party so rudely: Acknowledge you made a mistake, be truthful to yourself and your customers, validate your customers' inquiries, apologize, be kind. You can only succeed in this type of business if you are nice. As Peruvians, you should show professionalism if you are going to represent us with our food outside our native land.
Limon gets pretty busy so I highly recommend making reservations (they are on Open Table).I almost couldn't believe the ample portions of the half chicken (accompanied by dipping "Aji" sauces and two sides of your choice) my husband ordered. We expected a lot less/smaller for the prices listed on their menu. Good thing he didn't order the whole chicken. The "Rotisserie" part of the name leads me believe that this restaurant is not too vegetarian friendly however I managed to find several non-meat containing options on their menu. They are great at accommodating large parties. In fact there was one in the back room. Apparently a group was having a large dinner there and we kept seeing overly dressed up/primped girls walking in at a fairly casual restaurant heading towards the back room.Overall exceptional value. Efficient service and a great dinner was had.
Corner location in the Mission, parking is fairly difficult to find. The location is fairly small with dim lighting and modern decor inside. They have TVs by the bar so you can watch the game while you eat. Since the place isn't large, you can see the TV from across the restaurant (though if you're behind the columns, you're out of luck).I used to work in the Mission and was supposed to go multiple times with former co-workers but plans always fell through. Finally made reservations with a friend a couple of days before our designated day, so luckily we didn't have to wait as there was a large crowd of people waiting outside.Our order:Arroz con Mariscos: ($16.95) Peruvian style paella made with saffron rice, mixture of seafood, aji amarillo pimento sauce Pollo a la Brasa: Half order ($14.95) of Limn's famous marinated free-range rotisserie chicken slowly roasted over open flame. Comes with 2 sides of your choice (we chose Yuca Fries and Vegetales Salteados) and "Aji" sauces (Aji Amarillo Huacatay, Aji Amarillo Mustard, Chimichurri)Limon Old Fashion ($11)The sauces that accompanied the dishes were light and not over-powering. The Aji Amarillo Huacata traditionally has a combination of olive oil, garlic, Huacata (Peruvian black mint), and Aji Amarillo (South American hot yellow chile pepper). The sauce tastes almost dill-like. The Aji Amarillo Mustard has a very light honey mustard taste to it. Almost like a pesto sauce, the Chimichurri is typically made with finely chopped parsley, minced garlic, olive oil, oregano, and white or red wine vinegar.The Vegetales Salteados had green beans, red onions, squash and zucchini. Everything was cooked so that they were very tender (just the way I like them!). Not overly salted, I really enjoyed the medley.The Yuca Fries had a slight crispy skin and nicely cooked inside. Loved dipping them in the Aji Amarillo Mustard and Aji Amarillo Huacatay sauces.The Arroz con Mariscos had some good flavors with bits of seafood. Not as bold as other paella I've had and way less seafood. =/ Decent.Ok so on to the main reason why I was here.. the Pollo a la Brasa. The dish was cut into four pieces: I had the half a breast and a part of the thigh. The thigh was more moist than the breast (the breast was actually on the dry side). Seasoned well, you're still able to taste the slight charring from the roasting over an open-flame. Meat nearly came right off the bones.Decent service. It was extremely busy but our server was still able to stop by a few times to check-in on us and clear the dishes as they emptied.Next time I want to try the ceviche and would re-order the chicken again :)
We were here for a friends' bday.Parking was a little on the difficult side and we were a little late coming in and while the downstairs area was shoulder to shoulder, the upstairs wasn't anything too packed.Drinks and food all get high marks from me when I'm at Limon. The Sangria was delicious and robust with the type of fruit taste you would expect from an alcoholic beverage.The chicken dripping in a marination that I barely wanted to taint with the provided sauces. Also, they make a steak that was equally as good if not better. There was also a beef tongue that I hungrily devoured.I'm not going to lie and tell you that I don't think Limon is pricey, is it even worth the price? That's still questionable.But I can tell you that there aren't many places where you can get a replication of these flavors and combinations of foods together done this well.Worth it to pay the price?Enjoy!
YUM YUM YUM! I just fell in love with Peruvian food because of Limon Rotisserie. I highly recommend the vegetable empanadas, chicken (whole for 4, half for 2) with the veggies and tacu tacu. The empanadas are so flavorful and had great texture. The chicken was so moist and juicy - probably some of the best chicken I've ever had in my life. You don't need sauce for most of their dishes, but the sauces are so great - why do without?! The area isn't necessarily the best, but parking isn't too horrendous either so I'll take it! Multiple coworkers recommended this place to me, and I'm so glad they did. It was delicious and a fairly cheap meal for the city. I plan on coming back here again very soon!
Despite about an hour wait on a Saturday night and some confusion with their two locations and which my group was meeting at, what a phenomenal place!A group of 4 of us chowed down on some chicken, rice, mac and cheese, and other small plates of goodness. Not leaving entirely full, but certainly not hungry. The bill, $36. We were all shocked at the flavor and the price. Clearly with an hour wait and the solid Yelp! reviews, we knew this was going to be a winner regardless.This particular location is about half the size of the one across town and seems a little more food court-like, whereas the other location has a more formal feel.Next time I'm back in the city, this place is on my list. Must. Try. More.
Just left there and wanted not to have written a not so good review ,but felt I needed to give the owners this feed back ,have eaten here loads of times and have recommend friends and family ,but tonight service was awful staff look stress out running around like chickens with there heads cut off we waited longer than usual for food ,which wasn't too bad ,food was basically dumped on our table never seen a waited again until we flagged down a waiter for the bill we had planned on having desert but decided not to as one we weren't ask and didn't know if we did how long the wait would be ,so my opinion understaffed and doing a lot of to go orders ,sorry to say service has gone down hill big time part of dining out is the service ,so this two star review is the food good service bad.
Great- yucca, ceviche (red snapper),chimichurri sauce Good- chicharon de pollo, 1/4 of chicken I liked it all, only complaint was that I found the 1/4 of a chicken a bit salty/ over seasoned, and a little dry. It might have been a one time occurrence, so I will definitely try it again. Better than another Peruvian place located on a pier. Price and flavor. Service was ok.
The food is great all around, but make sure not to get seated in the basement, it's a noisy dungeon down there!
Let me get straight to the point:Ensalada Rusa: Delicious, delicious, utterly delicious. This is NOT your usual beet salad; this salad came with chunky cubes of beets and potatoes, shredded carrots, sliced avocado, green beans, and corn tossed in an oh-so-divine creamy sauce. One look at the salad, and I was convinced I had to order another dish, but halfway through the starch-fest, I realized I'd have trouble just finishing the salad. This is a must-try for vegetarians.Yucca fries and sweet potato fries: Standard stuff, nothing out of the ordinary. The dipping sauces that came with the fries were the bomb! Service: Not bad, not great.4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service.
I took two friends here, We got the half Chicken, with Yuca Fries, and sweet Potato Fries then added in the Tartara de Tuna Ceviche, the Lomito Saltado, and the Pollo Empanadas. Let me start with, everything was really good made all that much better by the sauces. but the Ceviche was the best part followed closely by the half chicken's seasoning. The only down side I would say is we were there for at most an hour (sit down to stand up) and it felt like we were being rushed after the first 30 minutes, basically from the moment our food was down. The restaurant is has a nice environment. I'd recommend showing up early (6p) but the time we left at 7ish there was already a couple dozen people waiting outside. Yes I understand this may explain the down side mentioned above.Still highly recommend this place.
Oh. My. God. The chicken here is seriously the BEST, ever. Yes, I know everyone says so..but it's because its so true. The various ceviche are also amazing. The guys who run Limon are all from Peru - authenticity at its finest! No frills, just solid, delicious Peruvian cuisine!The prices are absolutely affordable and the portions are more than reasonable. Because it's a tapas restaurant, it's fun to order a good amount of different dishes and share! This place is WONDERFUL for dates, groups, etc.Albeit having several locations, every location gets busy. Reservations are highly recommended, especially on weekends! They have wine & sangria - their red sangria is delicious - get a pitcher and pour!
We came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. I don't typically order chicken at a restaurant since I am afraid that if they don't cook it right it can be very dry. I am more of a dark meat eater and not so much of a chicken breast kind of gal. Since the restaurant is known for their chicken, we had to order the rotisserie chicken. Wow, the chicken was moist and flavorful. Their mac and cheese was also good. I took 1 star off because they charged us for the hot sauce without the warning.
I liked this place a lot. I was craving good, roasted chicken and that's what we got! between 4 of us we ordered 1 Whole Chicken (which comes with 2 sides, we go the seasonal veggies and yuca fries)...we also ordered one "Small Plate", the mushroom dish. Everything was very tasty.The restaurant is kind of small itself, so I would make reservations of you are going out on a weekend or Thursday.The sangria was really good--kind of cinnamon-nutmegy.Overall, it was a great dining experience. No crazy decor and no fancy, avant-garde dishes, but just good food.
really delicious dining experience. get the beef tongue omg it was mouthwatering!
The food is great.Constumer service was bad. I came with a friend, so she could appreciate our delicious Peruvian cuisine. She did love it (food is great)The waiter was a little rude as soon as we got in the table, he threw the menus in the table. It is the first time I have seem someone threw the menu in the table. As much as I love peruvian food, I dont think I would like to come here again.Please: Improve your costumer service.March 10 around 3.30pmThank you.
Had the seafood paella and yuca fries. Decent food. Not the best Peruvian I've had. They seem a little pretentious. They are trying to elevate Peruvian food to the next level but don't quite hit the mark. A little pricey too. $17.95 for a small plate of paella. I probably won't return.
Absolutely delicious, wonderfully flavorful food... but, as others have noted, the portions are tiny! The two of us ordered the ceviche mixte, tacu tacu and ensalada rusa -- all of them excellent... but those three together would have fit on one plate and made a meal for one person! For $29! And Yelp gives it 2 dollar signs? We left hungry rather than add any further to the bill. Go elsewhere if you want a substantial meal for a reasonable price.
Came here after hearing stories about inexpensive, fall-off-the-bones chicken. Those descriptions were accurate; you get a whole lotta chicken for a great price. Three of us split a salad and a whole chicken with its included 2 sides + sauces and were satiated. The chicken was flavorful, tender, and plentiful. Sides were fine, not particularly stand-out but they were sauteed vegetables and yuca fries, so expectations weren't high. The beet salad was interesting - in a good way. Food came out instantly, which was a pleasant surprise for three hungry campers. Overall, had friendly and helpful service and enjoyed the meal!If you enjoy more privacy or have a large group, consider asking if downstairs seating is available; it's a bit darker but there's a bar, TV, and plenty of tables.
Always been a fan of this place. The food here is fresh, flavorful and priced right. The place is pretty lively and the waiters make great recommendations. This place is very popular so I definitely recommend making reservations. Two items I would highly suggest getting would be the chicken (what they're known for) and sangria. These items will probably make your night great on its own and whatever else you add, will just make it better.
Nom Nom Nom...Great delicious food. Who would have thought this place has a bottom seating / bar area. * Whole Chicken - served with two sides. Yuca Fries and Sweet Potato fries. The chicken was pretty tender and flavorful.* Ceviche Mixto - Yummy. * Lomito Saltado with rice - this dish was pretty good. They don't give you much beef * Lengua a la Parilla (Beef Tongues) - Salty* Seco de Costillas (Beef Ribs) - Tender but quite salty* Truffle Mac & Cheese - SOOO GOOD!!!!* Chicken and Carne Empanadas - The chicken is WAY better than then beef* Carne a la Parilla (Skirt Steak) - LOVE IT. The Entrees serving sizes are petit so we ended up doubling on some of the orders. Dinner of 7 came out close to $300. It isn't cheap, but I am glad to have tried it while in SF.
I should have written this earlier when I first are at this place. But then again - it's the remnant memories that makes a person come back.I remember I wanted Peruvian chicken. This is very difficult to find in the Bay Area unlike my previous area. I went and conquered! But I never came back because of parking and I just kept forgetting this in comparison to "El Pollo Ala Brasa" Washington, D.C. The service was great and I ordered a bit of everything but nothing stood out including the chicken - well - take it back service was superb :)Overall I'd say this is average for my taste
One of the best values in town.Some of the fastest and most efficient service in town.And some of the most delicious sides and chicken in town.Limon is exceptional. The place is the perfect combination of being laid back enough for jeans and no reservations (though we did wander in late) but still stylish enough -that you could take a date here easily.All you have to know is get the roast chicken - a whole pollo a la brasa - which comes with two sides of your choice, and an exciting array of dipping sauces - all for just twenty dollars. Soooo what's up! For sides - get either the yuca fries, or the sweet potato fries. The tacu tacu is also worth trying and pairs nicely with the chicken.Though the chicken is the star of the show at Limon - just browse through the slew of five star reviews to find a plethora of other stellar suggestions on Limon's menu - from their cerviche to the empanadas. It's hard to go wrong with anything on Limon's menu.Trust.
This place was amazing! The chicken was great, as was the ceviche. I really liked the sauces that came with the meal, I used them on the fries and the chicken! Will definately be visiting this restaurant again!It is a little loud but thats to be expected when the meals are ordered "family style."
Excellent food being hindered by poor service. I love the food here, especially the chicken and truffle mac n cheese but the service has really gone down hill. Our server got our drink order wrong, bringing double the bottles we ordered, opening both of them and then having to take one away. Got our appetizer order wrong and had to go back and fix it, then didn't put our entree order in so our table of 8 waited approximately 90 minutes for our entrees. The manager came over to make sure we were doing okay once our food was brought out but everyone was so hungry we didn't really notice much of him. I did however notice that an apology was never given, nor was any kind of compensation for the trouble. Unfortunate experience at a place with incredible food.
GREAT service, friendly waiter (who took a gazillion pictures of my party and himself haha!), delicious food! 5 girls - our dinner came out to $200, though we must've gone through 2-3 drinks each + a whole chicken, 3 sides and 3 desserts.This place is great for a girls' night out. Loved the seating arrangement, half of the girls were sitting on a couch and the other half were sitting on chairs. The food was delicious. I always fear ordering chicken at a restaurant for fear of it being too dry, but this was delicious, moist, and even came with sauce!! The rice & beans were mixed together and that was probably the first dish to go. The mac and cheese was SUPER creamy, YUM! Lastly the yucca potatoes -- these were probably my least favorite, but it must've been because there were so many other yummy dishes on the table. Cocktails - There are several choices for cocktails. I can't remember the names, but they were all cute and colorful. Priced around $10 each, we each got 1-2 cocktails and a dessert wine.The restaurant has dimmed lighting, which also makes this a cute date restaurant! Go try it out! :)
Came here for date night and the food was ok. I was very excited since I have been hearing such great things but the reality is that the food is average--maybe we went on a bad night? The famous rotisserie chicken was average and the sides were eh. Nothing in particular stood out and I opted out for dessert. I don't think it is worth the hype or the price...continuing my search for awesome rotisserie chicken.
SERVICE - horrible! OMG! Sat there for a good 15-20 minutes without even getting water. (But I'm hoping that's because it was Carnival in SF a couple blocks away so it was super packed)FOOD - absolutely delicious! EVERYTHING was good! From the sangria to the truffle Mac and cheese to the rotisserie chicken to the chicken chicharones, the list goes on! (Can you tell we were hungry?)I would give a full five stars if it weren't for the service, but I'm hoping it was a one-time thing. So I'll def be back for the awesome food!
Really good food!!! Chicken is amazing and so is the Paella... But it was so crowded that we had to scream to actually talk to each other. Service was too slow as well.
$19.95 for a whole roasted chicken isn't a bargain, considering that this is the Mission, and they can be had nearby for $11. But this is a trendy, sit-down eatery with a lively bar, and the extra $ buys you sauces and two sides as well.We ordered the Lomito Saltado. Delicious. Yucca fries, very bread-y and tasty as well. Our bartender mixed some amazing drinks you'll not see elsewhere. His own creation, La Catalina, was a latin-inspired version of an old fashioned.Definitely worth a return trip!
This was my first time trying Peruvian food! My friend and I came in at about 9:20 on a Tuesday night -- pretty close to closing time -- and were seated quickly. We ordered a half chicken (with yucca fries and tuca tuca as the sides), lomito saltado, and the truffle mac & cheese. The chicken was good with the sauces, though I remember I wasn't a fan of the green one. The yucca fries were just standard sweet potato fries, but I liked them. I liked the truffle mac & cheese -- it was really creamy, and the truffle twist was really defined. The tuca tuca and lomito saltado were alright.All in all, a good experience but not the best food I've had in San Francisco.
This rating is for this location only. I hadn't been to this location in years, mainly because I usually go to the 3rd St location. Parking is terrible in this area and the restaurant is always crowded. First off I have to say the hostess is beyond rude here, she might have been new. But when we arrived she was on the phone and did not acknowledge us at all. Thankfully there was a brunette girl also working and she was friendly and helped us right away. Meanwhile the other just gave us dirty looks. We were seated and service was a bit slow. The restaurant was already packed and our server had many tables. The food overall was just okay. I'm a huge fan of the cheese empanadas but at this location they weren't that good. Seemed that they might have been pre-made and frozen then fried. What I was most shocked about was that they no longer serve coffee..... What restaurant doesn't have coffee to go with desert! The Sangria was pretty bland, and the order in which the food came was totally off. I was so disappointed in the lack of service and then how ridiculously the prices have gone up here and the servings are just as small. At least when I go to the 3rd street location the people there are accommodating and friendly.
YUM! Dinner here was not planned. Came here for a girls night after sadly finding out that Gracias Madre was closed due to power outage. I wasn't upset for long though!I thought it was a hopeless situation walking into this place around 9pm on a Friday night sans a reservation. The nice hostess told us it would be about 45 minutes. Not a problem, we headed to the bar and promptly ordered a pitcher of sangria. Not 5 minutes later we were told a table opened up. Woo!Everything was really fresh, refreshing, and tasty. We had the ceviche mixto, ensalada mista, and championes. Triple yum! Something rare happened though, we did not finish the sangria pitcher, it is seriously huge....sad to see a little left over. Looking forward to a future return trip, plan a meal here if you're in a Peruvian state of mind :)
My girl and I come here and order so much food you can barely see the table. Some of our favorites are: the ceviche mixto, rotisserie chicken, and truffle mac n' cheese. So good.
Came here with a friend on a tuesday evening. The line was reasonable: about a 20 minute wait for a table, but we just decided to grab a seat at the bar.Atmosphere was decent, with a dimly lit dining area and an array of local hipsters surrounding you, it really contributes to the hip and diverse feel of the mission (which was by the way named the second best neighborhood in the nation for hipsters, according to Huff Post). We got the Ceviche De Pescado (red snapper), the beef tongue plate and yuca fries. When the Ceviche first came out I was a little disappointed at how small the portion looked, but when I dug in I realized that small portion was actually a larger portion compressed in some way to make it look like a small cute little appetizer. I do have to say though, it was the BEST CEVICHE I'VE EVER HAD!! Holy mother of yeezus, the red snapper was so fresh and tasty with the perfect amount of zest thrown on it. The beef tongue was decent as well, but a little on the salty side. Yuca fries: ehh, a little too bland and flavorless when you eat it without the sauces they provide.Overall the ceviche was amazing, the atmosphere did us good and we had a super chill evening. The one thing I would complain about is the service at the bar. The bartender looked like he was having a bad day and didn't even smile or acknowledge us even once when we ordered or asked for recommendations. Cheer up dude!!
I use to enjoy eating at this place when they first opened...food was fresh and had some power flavors. However, let's be honest the portions were always skimpy and overpriced. But, when you get reheated rotisserie chicken that is the WORST!! We use to come here for their fresh, hot, juicy, tender, well flavored chicken. Now its soggy, dry, and gross. I felt my money was wasted...I will not be returning for pollo recalentado...no thanks! Make sure if you decide to go that you visually see your chicken coming off that rotisserie!! BOOM!
This place it's pretty good for small bites and the drinks are really good.They are fast and have good service, I love their rotisserie chicken and their sauces are the best :)
Great place. A bit small but when we got there we were seated with away. We got a pitcher of sangria, the ceviche as a starter and the lomito Saltado. We also tried the Mac and cheese from my friends coworkers that were sitting at table next to us. Recommend it all. Waiter was really nice.
Get the chicharrones de pollo! I also had the rotisserie chicken and the tacu tacu. Both were good, but I LOVED the chicharrones de pollo. Had a mezcal sour... it was only ok.
I've been here a handful of times and I never leave disappointed by food or service (: The restaurant's called Limon Rotisserie, so hello! You have to order their rotisserie (chicken)! Moist white and dark meats with a crunchy, salty, seasoned skin accompanied with two sides of your choice... Sounds good right? Yeah, it is. I like their yucca fries because they're a nice variation of the average fries. Their sweet potato fries aren't bad either, but they could use some salt or seasonings. Their side veggies are pretty salty and kinda' sour. Anyhow, back to the chicken... I'd suggest allotting 1/4 chicken per person to start and order other small plates because they have a tasty selection. Empanadas! Beef, chicken, just make sure you get 'me. Each order comes with two and are about $8 an order, but they're sooooo good! Their Seco de Costillas, super tender braised short ribs, are mouth-watering! They have many tasty small cold plates as well, but I don't remember the names of them... sorry. I didn't get a chance to get dessert tonight ): But I remember I LOVED their panna cotta and lava cake last time! So it sounds like I love their food right? So where did the fifth star go? Well, their seating is really tight and it's also extremely loud in there. I feel like I'm screaming just to talk to the person sitting next to me. Also, their cushioned chairs make me sink in.. I'm short enough as is so I made my taller younger brother switch seats with me. Other than that, service was great and waiters are really friendly. I'll be back, shoooot, I've been back already! But I'll be back again (:
I really do not understand the hype about this restaurant. I had been to the Valencia location years ago and remembered it to be ok, not outstanding. The other day I wanted to go to Lolo's, however, they seem to always have a looong wait, so we decided to go to Limon, as they promised over the phone to have a table available and the hype about it doesn't seem to stop.I have to say I am not impressed. The food is not bad (but also not outstanding), but the service and drinks are sub standard. The Sangria I ordered was terrible and I barely drank from it. Any good restaurant would have asked, if I didn't like it and offered to take it off the bill. Not here!Also, when we arrived they wanted to seat us at a table in the basement, which smelled like basement! No wonder they had a table available when other good restaurants have a long wait! The basement was smelly and had no windows. No way I was going to sit there and pay top $$ for my food. We opted to sit at the bar. The food was not bad, but as I said the overall experience was not good. I will not go back.
Was really excited to try this place, because I had heard so much about it. It would've been five stars had they not messed up the service and kept serving us the dishes of another table. We also had to ask for a refill of water around three times before we actually got it. I think the final bill was also mixed up...something just wasn't right that weekday night. Anyway, this restaurant is really unassuming from the outside, but quite nice on the inside. they also have a whole downstairs that opens up into a much larger seating space. We weren't too hungry, so for the five of us, we ordered: - Half chicken- Empanadas - Chicharron de Pollo- Leche Tigre cocktail - Yuca fries I think that was it, but the server was so mixed up, I got a bit mixed up myself.
We had high hopes going in as part of trying new Peruvian restaurants whenever we can. Ambiance casual, slightly Mission hipster, good smells and very friendly staff. Our waiter was helpful and guided us thru the menu and the food came out very fast (we were there a bit on the early side like 6pm so it wasn't yet crowded). The Menu was a bit limited as I tend to try to avoid beef, so there was the chicken, and a lot of fried food.Food was not as good as I hoped though. Had the 1/2 Rotisserie chicken which was on the dry side and a bit salty. The Ceviche Mixto had nice ceviche bite, but I would swear there was a bit of "fishy" (as in spoiled) taste. We did have the fried seafood which was good if you like battered / fried food.The Yukon Vegies were fine, and the Empanadas were quite good (but deep fried too).One person had their special, Mediterranean Octopus which was ok if you like big pieces of Octopus tentacles.So maybe our expectations were too high, but we won't be making this a favorite place to go.
Alright, there are probably only a handful of places where every.single.plate.of.food is awesome! Limon is definitely one of them. My friends and I were here celebrating a birthday. What we ate:Beef tongue - absolutely 'melt in your mouth' stuffWhole rotisserie chicken - perfectly cooked and succulent; I think the skin was my favorite partMixed ceviche - I am not normally a huge ceviche person but this was really goodYuca + sweet potato fries - yummTuna tartare - fresh as it could be. Mac and cheese - who doesnt like a good mac and cheese, eh ? This was was an exceptional mac n cheeseLomo saltado - perfectly cooked steak strips with fries and onionsEverything on the menu was perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection.Their drinks were good too - I had the el cholo which I really liked. Probably could have done with a lil more whiskey. I am half tempted to take away a star coz the music downstairs was too loud. Will definitely be coming back here soon.
Great smooth spot in the heart of the inner mission. Cozy venue for date night or group of friends. The rotisserie chicken is tasty. Try "Tigre de Leche" a ceviche appetizer served in a shot glass. Sangria or Pisco Sour you choose! Mango flan for dessert! It's a wrap!
Came here with some friends to celebrate getting into grad school-yay! We came on a weeknight and made reservations, but there were plenty of tables (and free parking at the back). The place looked clean and new. We ordered one of each and ate it family style. Our joy matched our enthusiasm over each tasty fish!Ceviche Mixto- the fish pieces were the best- tender, juicy with citrus.Truffle Mac & Cheese - this was my favorite, even though it's not a Peruvian dish! It was absolutely tasty, creamy, warm. I don't think there were actual truffle in this, but it was one of my favorite dishes of the night. Pollo a la Brasa (half)- juicy, well cooked chicken and it came with a tasty trio of sauces (the green one was my favorite).Yucca fries - very large cuts and not so different from a potato fry. Very crispy on the outside and soft inside.Tacu-Tacu- it's like a bean/rice mixture with spices. Rich in flavor and a nice starch that compliments well with the chicken.Our bill came out to be only ~$40 for 3 people. Great value for a delicious dinner with really friendly service.woops posted on the wrong limon: I went to the one on 5800 3rd St Ste 1004 in Bayview-Hunters Point. That was has free parking in the back!
The food and drinks were phenomenal and the service was just perfect ! I love this place !
Authentic Peruvian meal is a distant memory, so we decided to dine here. It was an easy decision based on the raving reviews by fellow Yelp friends. We were lucky and were able to reserve a table on a Friday; I would recommend making reservations for weekend dinning. The exceptional service started on the phone when I was placing my reservation. They were able to accommodate us on short notice, and were very appreciative of our business before we even stepped foot into the restaurant. Our waiter, Freddy, was equally competent and provided us with his preferences, which turned out to be perfect. The food was exquisite and memorably authentic, from the drink (Cactus Fruit Sour) to the main course and dessert. We started with the Ceviche Mixto, which was a mix of shrimp, calamari and fish. This dish was very fresh and perfectly seasoned with lime and pepper. We shared the Pollo A Las Brasa (fire roasted chicken) with Vegetables Salteados (grilled greens) and Papas Fritas (french fries). The chicken was super moist with the skin delightedly seasoned and crisp. The grilled vegetables had a smoky flavor and the red peppers provided a rich flavor.  We tried the braised beef tongue in a tomato/red pepper based sauce, which was one of my favorites. The meat was very tender. My least favorite was the Chicharron De Pollo (crispy chicken), which didn't have the crispness as we expected. We fished off with Panna Cotta De Mango (mango jelly on top of sweetened cooked cream) for dessert, by far the best I have ever head. It was super smooth, creamy and had a sumptuous mango flavor.I would definitely dine here again, for the service, the food and the ambiance of a cozy small restaurant.
I would rate this place 4.5 stars if I could :) , Almost there, but not quite 5Located just a few blocks away from the BF old house, I wonder why I haven't been here sooner!After a rough Monday at work, This was just what I needed! The City, The BF and good food!We started with the Pollo a la Brasa - half cut chicken , with 2 sides for $12. The chicken comes with 2 different dipping sauces. The first one reminds me of Greek yoghurty sauce, the second was similar, with a hint of curry and the last , and oil and herb sauce. All 3 were great for dipping my fries and chicken in. The chicken was so tender and flavorful , I didn't really need the sauce, but who can resist!My favorite was the "Lomito" Saltado - Traditional Peruvian dish of stir-fried top sirloin strips, onions, tomato & soy sauce, served with fries. This reminded me of bo luc lac, a vietnamese dish of stif fried beef cubes. The meat was a little too chewy, but the flavor was excellent.The last dish we had was the Seco de Costillas-Braised boneless beef short ribs with huacatay & cilantro, served with potatoes, carrots & English peas. This dish was a tad on the salty side, the meat was tender but slightly dry.This was my first taste of Peruvian food and I like it! I am not sure if the dishes we ordered were Peruvian fusion, because it was quite similar to Asian cooking.This would have been a 5 star restaurant in my book if we had gotten our waters refilled without asking. Both our cups were empty and I was dying of thirst.We will be back again, This time for the chicken again and the truffle mac and cheese!
Delicious food, great service, good drinks. Limn has it all. Had a reservation for 6:00 pm on a Tuesday night set up for a dinner date for two. We arrived around 5 minutes before that and were seated promptly. At that time, it had yet to get busy but as we were being served we noticed plenty of more people showing up afterwards, all with reservations. So first rule for this restaurant, make a reservation! Our waitress was very nice and she spoke Spanish! We ordered some Sangria for drinks which were awesome and good and to start had Leche de Tigres (For non-spanish folks, yes, that is Tigers milk). It was delicious as it was a blend of limes, shrimp, onion, squid/calamari (another seafood), and two chips to top it off. Did I mention it has a spicy side to it? Be prepared and order yourself some water in case you are a hot sauce lightweight! We went on to try several foods on the menu. We got half a chicken with an order of Tacu Tacu and Yuca Fries. The chicken had a good taste to it with the seasoning it had and we were provided with 3 different dipping sauces to experiment with our taste buds. Next the tacu tacu was spectacular, which is a blend of refried beans mixed with rice. Lastly the yuca fries aren't exactly fries, but resemble spring roles, yet not as deep fried. They are essentially a sweet potato type of dish and come with 4 pieces for each order. Now onto my two favorite plates. Chicharron de pollo was the bomb. It's crispy chicken marinated in soy sauce garlic and another spice and served with a sauce for you to dip. It was full of flavor and cooked perfectly. Next was the Carne a la Parrilla, which was piece of steak served over Tacu Tacu and had a sweetish beef sauce drizzled on top of it. All worth ordering and trying. By this point, we were full and our stomachs full to the max. But how could we not get dessert?Your choice for desert is easily the Chocolate Bandido (Chocolate Bandit!). A cookie on top, chocolate cake on the bottom, chocolate and vanilla cream! Hits the spot! Overall it was a great experience. Everyone was friendly, our server was excellent and the drinks and food were amazing. Also everything is well priced, so is expect when you come try it out to order a variety of plates because that way you will be satisfied and have tasted a bit of everything! El Limn was awesome. Definitely coming back.
Everything here is really good! Must try the chicken! It's the best thing on the menu!! We got: Tuna tar tarCeviche mixtoLomo saltadoChicken!!!Jalea Side of mushrooms Side of vegetables (perfectly sauted). For drinks get the lychee Peruvian drink
While I love their veggie empanadas, their cerviche fell short. Cerviche portion was big, but lacked flavor. Their empanadas are crispy outside and super juicy inside.
uhh best rotisserie chicken ever! Very flavorful and not dry at all. The truffle mac and cheese was also mouth watering. I usually get tired of mac and cheese after a few bites, but not here. Just the perfect amount of cheese.The ambiance is okay here. Service was spectacular. Very quick and attentive. I would definitely recommend this place if you want to go to a nice, casual restaurant with amazing food.
I didn't think I'd enjoy this place as much as I did.We ordered:*Half a Chicken with Yuca Fries and Tacu Tacu - The seasoning on the chicken was typical, it's the juiciness that sets it apart. Tacu Tacu is a must. It tasted like Mexican rice mixed with refried beans and baked!Tuna tartar - yum! Small portion but it was fresh and perfect.Empanadas - I am a sucker for carbs filled with meat and deep fried.Braised short ribs - this was easily our favorite dish.Lomito - Sirloin steak with French fries. This is the only dish we didn't like.Drinks: Lychee Sour was ok. Pisco Sour was disgusting and they were both expensive.This is a great spot for groups. I'll definitely be back!
Everytime I go 2 the bay im excited to come to this place!Food is AMAZING n so is the service.I've been here a handful of times. Ever since my oldest brother introduced this place to me and I fell in love.He's been living in the mission for abt 4 yrs now. . .I knew i could trust him with such an awesome food choice!The chicken is juicy and tasteful. I love the side of sauces they also bring to your table.The sweet potato fries are wonderful and so is their mixed veggies.They also have THE best sangria here.
The food is so delicious! We made a reservation which is important! We were seated right away and got a corner table which was nice. The place is very popular and very busy. The food comes quickly. The sides could be larger in size. The chicken is simply outstanding! Loved all the different favors. Served family style. The Sangria's are great. They don't want you to "linger". First time I'd ever had our table completely cleared before we had finished paying our check. Can't wait to go back again. It's in the mission district, so be aware some sections are a little "sketchy". One of my most memorable meals in SF. If you like food, you should not miss this. Simple, but delicious!
- Good food- Tiny portions- Horrific service- Noisy ambianceI came here with my boyfriend around 9:30pm on a Saturday night. We didn't have a reservation, but we happily stood in the bar area with a cocktail and waited about a half hour for a table. As soon as the hostess showed us to our table downstairs, I asked if we could be moved upstairs. The basement was so loud, we couldn't talk across the table (no insulation and concrete walls/floor/ceiling was LOUD). There were two birthday parties going on, and they seemed to be trying to one-up each other's loudness. People were actually standing on chairs, singing and screaming. There were three tables upstairs that had been open for the past 15 minutes, and I asked if we could move to one of those. She said we'd have to wait another half hour for a two-seat table upstairs, and that she couldn't seat us at one of the three four-top tables that was open because a large group might come in. We were at the table for 15 minutes, and our server never came by. We didn't even have water. The host or manager (not sure which) came by to ask if we wanted another cocktail, and we asked if he could send our server because we were ready to order. He kindly took our order and brought us some water. I don't think we ever actually saw our server until he brought the bill. The food was delicious, although the portions were a little small. We shared four plates and two cocktails, which was a light dinner and came out to about $65 before tax and tip. I'd probably order three plates each for next time. We might go back and give it another chance - this time with a reservation for a table upstairs. I'll update if we go back and have a better experience.
Great food :)
Reservations are a must. It gets super packed. But it's a great place to meet up with friends and share some chicken. We booked maybe two weeks in advance. There was a line-up when we arrived. But they sat us relatively quickly (so long as our party was all there).Best chicken I've had in a while. Super moist and love the three sauces it came with.Ceviche was pretty fresh and simple. Truffle Mac and cheese was awesome (but then is it not awesome?). Taca fries were a bit disappointing. They were a bit salty, and nothing special. Peruvian paella was super fresh and not heavy at all. Really glad it was recommended to me.
Don't think twice, just go. My suggestion: Lomito Saltado, half chicken, Yuca fries, a pitcher of anything with alcohol in it, truffle mac and cheese, a couple of beers, a second round of Lomito Saltado followed by dessert and coffee. Next step: stop for an optional nightcap; contact Uber/Lyft, go home. Repeat as needed.
I dream about these yuca fries. It's not just a stick of yuca that's dry and flavorless. It's fluffy and amazing. So good.Best to go with a group and eat family style. The chicken is awesome. We tried the ceviche and lomitos. Ceviche was delish too. I'd recommend the chicken and yuca for sure!Super fun vibe.
My friend Salah (check him out on yelp: yelp.com/biz/skillustrat) suggested Peruvian cuisine for my first meal in SF. It was the perfect meal & start to my vacation. According to Salah, Limon is known for their popular Polla ala Brasa (a juicy rotisserie chicken that's served with their 3 Aji dipping sauces). Seems as though every single table had ordered this dish! Polla ala Brasa is served with a choice of 2 sides:Whole chicken: $18.95Half chicken: $9.951/4 chicken: $8.25*they cut the chicken into smaller pieces for you*Limon accompanies most of their dishes w/the same 3 Aji sauces. I used all 3 for my yuca/yucca fries and fried chicken.yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw1) Aji Amarillo (garlic, yellow amarillo chili & queso fresco cheese): My favorite of the 3! The thicker consistency was perfect for dipping. There was a hint of turmeric in the mix, reminded me of a sweet curry sauce w/a kick. YUM!2) Rocoto sauce (a citrusy-vinegary sauce made of red chilies, garlic & lemon). When i think Rocoto, I think spicy. But this sauce was rather sweet and garlicky without the kick.3) Chimichurri (parsley, shallots, olive oil, garlic, salt & vinegar). Didn't have a lot of vinegar, so it wasn't as acidic as I'd hoped for. But I did appreciate the nice amount of saltiness that you get when the sauce was stirred well (which a lot of past chimichurri sauces lacked).I wanted to try different things and so we decided to skip on the rotisserie chicken (I got the fried chicken instead.....you all know how much I LOVE my fried foods! lol!). CHICHARRON DE POLLO ($8.50):Served with salsa criolla (tomato-onion salsa) and a lemony oil, but i used the Aji Amarillo sauce with this chicken dish.Reminds me a lot of mochiko chicken: crunchy, juicy and delicious! The chicken is marinated in a soy-chili sauce and fried to perfection (i liked that some pieces were extra crispy!). Such a simple dish, but so tasty! yelp.com/biz_photos/r7RwCEVICHE MIXTA ($9.75): Probably the freshest-tasting ceviche I've had in a long time. Limon uses leche de tigre ("Tiger's Milk") as a base for all of their ceviche dishes. It's a peruvian citrus-based liquid (lemon juice, salt, herbs and chili) that's been marinating/mixed with the juices extracted from the raw seafood.Everything tasted fresh and delicious. Fresh red snapper, tiger prawns and tender calamari in an acidic-tangy sauce - amazing! I loved the white hominy/corn that accompanied the dish, it was a nice balance of texture and adds a nice sweetness to the overall dish.yelp.com/biz_photos/r7RwLOMITO SALTADO ($9.75):I'm in LOVE!!! Tender, perfectly cooked strips of sirloin, tomatoes, onions and FRENCH FRIES cooked in a tasty shoyu-based sauce. I wanted more of this dish, more beef would've been nice. Too much onions!yelp.com/biz_photos/r7RwYUCA/YUCCA FRIES ($3):Least favorite dish of the night. I've always liked cassava fries and chips (starchy veggie similar to potatoes and yams). But these were cut too thick. It was like biting into paste. Perhaps if it was fried longer, it would've been more crunchy and easier to swallow. The gooey texture wouldn't have been so off-putting either.yelp.com/biz_photos/r7RwSANGRIA ($6 glass, $25 pitcher):Not big on sangrias but Limon makes a helluva mean sangria. You could just tell how delicious it was going to taste before it even touches your lips. It's not musty-smelling or overpowering like most sangrias I've had, it had the right balance of tang & sweetness. The fresh, colorful diced fruits were also very pleasing to the eye. yelp.com/biz_photos/r7RwOverall service was awesome (despite the packed upstairs & downstairs dining areas). We got seated right away at their bar. Very attentive servers and our food arrived within 5+mins of ordering! Yes, they worked fast but the quality & taste was never compromised. Definitely will be back for more!
Food was delicious!! Sangria is great!
The Good: Anytime you visit a new restaurant and they have a signature dish highlighted in a special box at the top of the menu, you should order that. I took my own advice and ordered half a rotisserie chicken. It was an unqualified success: moist, juicy and flavorful with crisp skin and perfect tone. Accompanied by addictive sweet potato fries and salted vegetables, per the recommendation of the server. I ordered the trio of sauces and would recommend you do the same, despite the less-than-noteworthy chimichurri. The aioli alone is worth it. The table all ordered the Inca Blu, which is unusual and quite good. We tried the ceviche and found it unusual but excellent. Good empanadas, but not the best we've had. Skirt steak did not disappoint, and everyone was full and happy. The Bad: This place has an excellent reputation and it's always packed. We made reservations but still had to wait a bit. It's almost too loud to have a conversation, even with the person directly in front of you. One person at our table ordered hot tea that didn't materialize until we had nearly forgotten about it, and we sent it back. Service is a little harried; it may have been a bad night, or they might need to hire some more help. Overall: Worth it for the roast chicken alone. Everything was delicious at reasonable prices. A little too clumsy and loud, a little too forgetful for 5 stars. Quite good, would go again, would recommend.
Cons:- Restaurant is pretty loud.- Reservations are not strictly enforced causing us to wait 30 min.Pros:- Their chicken is good.
My first encounter with rotisserie that was purely delectable! Amazingly moist and flavorful chicken with a selection of sides. We opted for a 1/2 chicken with veggies and yucca fries on the side, and also an order of chicharron de pollo. Plentiful food for two. Everything was flavorful on its own, and an even better eat with the dipping "aji" sauces served. The standard roti chicken is a must, of course. The veggies were okay as a healthy side dish, but the yucca fries were some of the most tender we've had. The chicharron dish was perfect for sharing, since too much of fried anything is always a tad overwhelming. Very tasty, however, and a great take on traditional chicharrones.Overall, Limon has very affordable prices, and was very packed on a Sunday evening - do make reservations. Apparently my brother says that this So. Van Ness location is the best of the bunch. I trusted him. You probably should too.
Holy chicken! Because their rotisserie chicken was just amazing. The name of the restaurant already implies that they are known for rotisserie but they truly do represent their name.I came here on Sunday with my friends in a group of 6. We had a reservation ready but it didn't look like it was needed. The restaurant wasn't too busy but I guess it's good to get in the habit of making reservations just in case, especially for this restaurant because it's highly recommended that you do. The restaurant has a nice modern feel to it, they have abstract art on the walls, and there is a pretty big bar in the middle of the restaurant. There is also second floor seating and that overlooks the first floor. We were seated right by the window so that was nice because we had a lot of light. The service here was okay, the servers came by occasionally to check up on us and make sure our waters were refilled. I decided to share two dishes with my boyfriend since there a couple of things we both wanted to try. We decided to get the half chicken with tacu tacu and yuca fries and the ceviche mixto with a glass of sangria. Half chicken with a side of tacu tacu and yuca fries: The reason why I wanted to go here in the first place was because the chicken in the pictures looked good and they taste even BETTER. it was DELICIOUS. The chicken had so much flavor and unlike most rotisserie chicken that i've had, it wasn't dry! The chicken was moist and tender, even the breast was moist! The chicken also comes with three sauces and they went really well with the chicken :) The half chicken portion was okay, it wasn't big but it wasn't small either. It does come with two sides but the sides are small. I LOVED the yuca fries! They were so good because the inside was full of starchy potato-ey (it's actually cassava which taste similar to a potato) like goodness but the skin was crispy and thick. I only wished the dish came with more but you get three big thick pieces similar to potato wedges. The tacu tacu was also pretty good. The rice had good flavor and it complimented the chicken really well if you like chicken and rice together.Ceviche mixto: out of all the ceviche this one had calamari, fish, and shrimp! The three seafood items I love to have in my ceviche. The dish portion is okay and it comes with mostly fish, a couple of shrimps, and small pieces of calamari. The dish was too acidic for me. I love lime and citrusy things generally but this one was pretty strong. The dish was overall very fresh and light. The sangria was good! I love to get sangrias, it's my drink. I thought the drink wasn't too heavy and it was light and refreshing so it went really nice with the meal :) Best place ever for rotisserie chicken and I would definitely come back just for it and I highly recommend it for anyone that loves chicken!
The chicken was superbly marinated, the Mac n cheese was inedible. The only thing I'd say is don't order a while rotisserie chicken unless 3-4 people are eating it. It's a LOT of food.
Get the chicken and tacu tacu, and you'll need nothing more in your life.
We've come here a few times in the past few months and have liked the food every time. The chicken is some of the best I've had in a restaurant. The white meat isn't dry like most places and the dark meat is awesome. The ceviche selection is always changing but never lets us down. The yucca and sweet potato fries are always a treat especially when teamed up with all the dipping sauces. The only thing that holds me back from a five star rating is the service isn't consistent.
I came here once before and fell in love with the rotisserie chicken. The chicken is moist and very flavorful! Just the right amount of taste! Not super salty. It's now my second time here and I definitely had to order the chicken again. I can eat this chicken for days.. For other foods, I like the ceviche and the rice and beans. I will be back to eat more rotisserie chicken. :)
Was trying to meet a friend in the middle while visiting San Francisco. Something that wouldn't break the bank and wasn't too unhealthy. This fit the bill and was great!We had half a chicken with tacu tacu ( the rice and beans) and the yuca fries. I wouldn't have known there were beans in the tacu tacu if it didn't say so on the menu. I could have done without both of these sides (nothing at all wrong with them just not my favorite). The chicken came with three sauces, two types of aioli ( much thinner than traditional aioli) and a chimichurri. I liked the Aji Amarillo Huacatay (the aioli without mustard) the best.The chicken was very very tasty. I live in Seattle and it reminds me of the sides of chicken that you could get at Passe (RIP they just suddenly shuttered this week!). My favorite dish besides the chicken was the mixed ceviche ( squid, fish and shrimp) the flavor was delicious and had a little kick to it. We also tried two types of empanadas, veggie and queso. Both good but I liked the queso slightly better. Lastly we had the lomo saltado (steak pieces marinated in soy sauce served over fries) we had soooooo much food that next time I would leave this dish out (when ordering for two) but was tasty. It is true that the fries it comes on end up pretty soggy ( not good or bad just the facts). The sangria was also awesome. This place was delicious, it was very affordable and pretty unique. I'd highly recommend it and hopefully will get to check it out again the next time I'm in San Francisco.
I've only been here once and do want to go back to try some more of their tasty food and sangria but, a few side notes. I had the Carne a La Parilla, medium, which was sooo good! The only thing is all of their plates are kind of small, even though everything I tried was full of flavor and completely satisfied my taste buds, I was expecting slightly larger plates. So, definitely try some of their appetizers like the yucca or sweet potato fries. Another note, they don't have any ketchup for fries which I thought was kind of weird but that's fine I guess. The sangria was one of the best I've had.
If you are visiting San Francisco and finding a place to dine with a group, look no further than Limon Rotisserie. It ain't necessarily easily accessible via public transit from the touristy areas, but sometimes we need to make a journey for good things in life. Limon Rotisserie certainly offers some tasty bites, good service, and reasonable prices.While the thought of Peruvian food didn't exactly excite me at first thought, I certainly am open to the idea after dining at Limon. The rotisserie chicken is certainly very flavorful and is taken up a notch with the separate sauces that are served up. Whether it was the chimichurri, rocotto, or the aji amaraillo, the flavors certainly complement the herbs and seasonings that bathe the chicken. The steak was certainly flavorful, but a tad overcooked for my liking which ended up making it rather chewy. Don't skimp on the sides, the mac and cheese was quite good, the sweet potato fries still moist yet crispy, the chicharrons bites of heaven, and the vegetables cooked well, but not memorable. However, you have to say you had some veggies right? Or else your mom might not let you eat here again...Service was good with the staff being incredibly helpful with the menu and quick to clear dirty plates and fill empty glasses. Prices are rather reasonable and the ambiance very warm and inviting.All in all, it was quite a delicious meal and when it comes to groups, hard to beat cause they do take reservations and offer some good food at good prices!
How To Convert a Ceviche Hater:1) Say nope ceviche is NOT supposed to taste like vinegar.2) Roll your eyes when she swears it was "an authentic Peruvian place in Connecticut."3) Go to Limon for an inpromptu happy hour.4) Chat with the friendly waiter who will keep you company until the hostess returns.5) Order up the popular made-to-order Ceviche Mixto ($10.95), 6) Devour the limey, bright, sleeper spiciness of the fresh red snapper, tender calamari, and pink tiger shrimp.7) Decide that the crispy and hot Sweet Potato fries go well with the ceviche but wish for a dipping sauce ($3.25).8) Unleash your best "I told you so" look when she declares that she loves ceviche!
Tasty food. Serving style is Tapas style. We had the beef empanadas, the  1/2 chicken, the Tacu-Tacu rice and bean mix, and they were all great. Pricing was not too bad.
this place was hopping on a friday night. reservations at 9pm, showed up at 845pm, didn't get seated until 930pm even though they repeatedly told us just 5 minutes. WHAT LIES!!!!!!!!!i guess the food was worth the wait. yummy chicken (maybe there isn't such a thing as bad rotisserie chicken), yuca fries (tasted like taro/sweet potato but deep fried) & Inca Blue drink (cinnamon/holiday/tamarind type drink), those were the 3 best items.we also had...- veggie empanada - delish & flaky- jalea - the fried plate- tartara de tuna yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw- just like any tuna tartar you can get anywhere else- papas fritas - they're fries, regular cut fries- seco de costillas - braised beefthey were all ok but i'm not sure if i'd get it again since i could get these pretty much anywhere.
Best rotisserie chicken to date. Full of flavor and moist to the core. Comes with a few dipping sauces that aren't really necessary and risk pulling your attention from the clucker in the middle of the table. Sweet potato fries are a good accompaniment, even consistency throughout. Ok so i am a huge fan of Limon but no chicken is worth $22. so -1 star from a perfect meal.
I recently ate here for lunch. It had been awhile since I was here last.  I'm removing one star due to the super heavy use of salt.Everyone is very friendly/no issues with service.  Regarding the food - I personally found all of the food to be way too salty for me personally.  It's better to let ppl add more salt if they like salty food.Unfortunately I probably won't be back mainly because of the overuse of salt.  Worth trying: their bottled chicha is very good.Also the music was too loud. The place gets crowded enough without blasting the music as well. Ppl come here to be able to have a conversation without yelling "what??"If you're in the neighborhood, it's worth trying at least once. The accompanying sauces are all very good, but again had too much salt.
Oh Limon...I had high hopes for you and I am majorly disappointed. The service wasn't even good. Came here at 5:45PM and got seated right away. It was not busy at all. Took about 10 minutes for someone to come over and I had to ask for water. When the water came, there were specs of black everywhere. Not sure if it was coffee grinds or not, but that's a no no! I guess you don't clean your cups before you serve to customers. The only thing that was really good and this is what they are known for is their chicken. Got the half (4 pieces) and it comes with 3 difference sauces. Got the Yuca Fries (4 pieces) and they were yummy. The skinny fries were bland and not even crispy. How can you make skinny fries not crispy!!!! The chicken was full of flavor and most. Ceviche Mixto Fish, calamari & tiger shrimp-After Lolinda changed my mind of Ceviche, I had to try it again somewhere else. This was horrible. All acid, fish was not fresh. It was very chewy.Tartara de Tuna Ahi tuna tartare tossed with roasted peppers, pinenuts, rocoto-sesame seed oil-not bad, but needed more seasoningEmpanadas Veggie with Mushroom, spinach, choclo and mascarpone cheese-good flavors, but it was warm. I want the cheese to be melting and hot.
A friend and I decided to try this place because of it's rave reviews. Overall, the restaurant has a very modern feel to it but the food was not as savory as I hoped for. For the price, we expected more than what we got.
This review is based on the service I received today, Friday March 21st from the waiter and the rude and condescending ManagerMy best friend recommended Limon she swore up and down that the food was delicious and the service was fantastic. Upon arrival I was greeted by a lovely hostess ( brunette, I didn't get her name) It didn't take long for the waiter to take our order. My friend's order arrived before mine, no big deal. But 10 minutes passed , 20 minutes passed , finally after 30 minutes I decided to ask my waiter for the status. His response was "Oh, you don't have your food yet? " it took another 10 minutes until he finally brought my food but instead of him placing it on the table he asked he to please take it off his arm as he had two other plates in hands. Very unprofessional!I decided to speak with the Manager ( Fernando Q ) and I explained what happened. He said I'll talk to him and was about to turn away. I said that I was celebrating my birthday and the service was unacceptable to which he said in a very condescending tone, "well , what do you want? " Uh I don't know maybe a sincere apology. He offered to take off my entree a whole $12.00 off a $50.00 + tab ( which he did ) but the damage was done. And still no apology...I didn't care for his tone so I asked for his manager. His response, well you can find that information online. I insisted he give me his name, to which is did. Sometimes a sincere apology goes a long way. Thank you for ruining my dinner and birthday** UPDATE *** : Laurina, Thank you for reaching out but it would be pointless for me to call you and further discuss the situation, as the damage is done. I understand mistakes happen & nobody is perfect. But my overall experience was awful. Furthermore you can say that the Manager's ( Fernando ) tone was not condescending but you were not there. If I ask for his managers name and email and he tells me to look it up line, should I consider that great customer service? I think not. My review stands!
I came here with an old friend who lives in the Mission a couple of weeks ago! Limon is a really cozy place and it was fun to share a couple of different dishes. We ordered 1 small cold plate, 1 small hot plate, and a quarter chicken (which comes with two sides). We then went to Mitchell's for dessert so this may not be enough food to make a party of two completely full. This isn't the best Peruvian I've ever had, but it satisfied a long-standing craving that I've had for it. :) I definitely want to come back to try their lomo saltado.Also, they don't list their prices online so I can't list prices below, but I'll post what prices I vaguely remember. Ceviche Mixto ($8?) - This is definitely recommended. Succulent pieces of raw fish, calamari, and tiger shrimp marinated in a refreshing citrus sauce. It's also served with corn and sweet potato. Very tasty and fresh!Aji de Gallina ($9?) - Chicken in a creamy aji amarillo, peanut, and cheese sauce. Aji amarillo is a yellow chili pepper that Peruvians use in their freaking amazing dipping sauces. This dish was oookay. I thought it was a little bit too mild, but if you haven't had it before, it's worth trying! This is normally one of my favorite dishes at Peruvian restaurants. 1/4 Chicken - Pollo a la Brasa ($10?) - The rotisserie chicken is very good. It's definitely the reason why this place is so popular. It also comes with your choice of two sides (hooray!). We had the yucca fries (4 fat cut yucca fries) which were INSANELY tasty. Haha. I was not expecting such perfectly crispy and yummy fries. The tacu tacu side is also highly recommended. It's mashed beans and rice and it's quite flavorful. The sides almost stole the show :). The dipping sauces that came with the chicken were kind of forgettable. Two of them were aji and chimichurri. I couldn't figure out what the third sauce was. I thought the sauces were a bit bland and could have had more flavor.
I wouldn't even given them a one star after our experience. I've had several parties at Limon since it opened. I live in the neighborhood so it's convenient but service absolutely sucks! They now cater to the gentrified culture vultures of the mission. It was obvious they didn't value the locals. We were seated 20 min and no one asked us if we wanted water. Finally we asked hostess to get our waiter. When he arrived he was rude and acted like we inconvenienced him. I asked him if he was always this rude and he proceeds to tell us he wasn't rude. We speak to the manager who apologizes and gets us another waiter. He comes over- arrogant with a pair of lips tatted on his neck and tells us there is no more chicken? We were like no chicken? How convenient?! So we walked out. It was so disappointing to know that this is the direction Limon is going. I brought a friend who heard nothing but good things and her first time was horrible. Thank you Urban Put for having great staff and great food and treating a local like they are valued.
I loved it! Pasion (9th and irving) used to be my favorite Peruvian spot, but after my poor visit last time, I decided I needed to try something new. And Limon was delicious and probably even more authentic. Of course the location is a bit difficult to get to, and parking is also a challenge, but the food is probably worth it. For the menu we got:-Liche tigre: ceviche, good as expected, very salty-Empanada de carne: amazing, more meat than bread-Carne a la Parilla: too good for words, melts in your mouth, and came with this delicious crunchy rice-Truffle Mac n Cheese: I am a huge mac n cheese fan, and this one had more cheese than mac which I always appreciate-1/2 Pollo: this is their specialialty, and honestly I would pass next time, it is nothing too special, simple baked chicken-Bandido: can't leave without dessert, so so so much chocolate, my favorite.Overally, highly recommended.
Soooooooooo goooooood! Came here for my 21st bday dinner with the bf. Ordered the sangria, which we both really loved. Loved the pieces of fruits in it.We ordered a bunch of dishes, but our favorites were the truffle mac and cheese, stir-fried sirloin, and the sweet potato fries. Seriously the best mac and cheese I've had at a restaurant. The portions are quite generous for a tapas place too.
Great group/family-style meal environment. The sangria, ceviche mixto and truffle mac n cheese were great. I loved the sauces for the chicken but the chicken itself was way too salty. The Yuka fries were dry, the beef steak we had was way salty as well. If I ever feel the need to come to Limon again, I'd just go for the sangria, ceviche and truffle mac n cheese. I didn't feel like any the taste of any of the meat were that great. To be honest, I'd rather get my rotisserie chicken from Costco because it's less salty, juicy, fresh and cheap.Limon is OK and highly overrated. Go get your chicken from Costco.
So good, we came back for lunch the next day!Great energy, great service, great menu, great price - this is for the Van Ness AND Valencia locations.Gotta Gets because they're so flavorful and special:All CevicheLomito SaltadoTuna TartareCostillasAnticuchosAll EmpanadasPass because you can get 'em at Large Marge's Roadhouse off the 5:ChicharronMac & CheeseAnd on a lucky night, you might see Panda muchin' on some bamboo in the corner!
The rotisserie chicken is extremely well seasoned. Definitely get the trio of sauces - chimichurri was the perfect compliment to the chicken seasoning.Also had the mixed seafood ceviche. Firm with just the right amount of bite.TLDR: Seafood ceviche, rotisserie chicken, trio of sauces, and wine. Can't go wrong.
Limon Rotisserie definitely lives up to the hype. I thought maybe it was the feelings of trying something new and decided not to let it change my opinion but i went back a second time and it was still just as delicious.While the sitting area may look small they also have a downstairs which holds a lot more people. Be sure to make reservations because they are almost always packed with a minimum waiting time of 40-1 hr during dinner.Hands down one of the best Ceviche i've ever had, light and refreshing and the addition of corn nuts adds the great crunchy texture that can't be beat.The Chicharron de polo was nice and crispy and i couldn't stop myself from devouring the whole plate to myself, it's only a couple of pieces but a great order in addition to their other items.The empanadas i thought was only okay, they weren't anything extraordinary.the lomo saltado however is juicy and tender and just punches you in the face with the flavor. Definitely make sure you splurge and get the extra sauces also as they add a great accompaniment and depth to the dishes. This place is so good i've never had the time to sit down and take everything in as both times i've gone we were done with dinner within 45 minutes!Definite must if you're craving good food.
I've been eating at Limon since I first moved to the city-four years ago! (Damn time flies) all three locations have been great to me all the years and I'll keep coming back for my fixes.Chicken melts in your mouth-they probably marinate it in crack because half of a breast is not enough.Yucca fries are my favorite especially dipped in the three sauces they provide. Veggies are a nice side (a little greasy at times) Cheesy Empanadas are tasty-same with the steak. Tuna tartar is fabulous and it has a great kick.SANGRIA. Done and done. Best in the city. Get a pitcher or two. Or three depending on how bad your day was or who you're with. Flourless chocolate cake-I'm sure this has crack in it too.:-)
The tongue and the Chiken are the clear winners here. Surprisingly the mac and cheese is good as well.
Wow. I was back in town and wanted to meet up with a girlfriend for dinner. She suggested Limn Rotisserie, and I didn't think much of it. She said they were known for their rotisserie chicken. It didn't sound out of the ordinary or like anything special, but chicken is good, so whatever.We met at 7 on Saturday for her boyfriend's birthday party. There was a table of 7 of us, and even though they had made a reservation we had to wait a little bit for our table downstairs.The food arrived extremely quickly (shocking considering the restaurant was packed)- first up, the empanadas (veggie and pollo. Both delicious) and the ceviche mixto- fish, calamri, and tiger shrimp. My girl friend pointed out the "special sauces" on the table and advised me to use them at all times. So, I did. Each of the three were delicious and accompanied the ceviche quite well.Next came the tuna tartare, the rotisserie chicken, and the sweet potato fries. Amazing! These dishes were by far the highlights of our dining experience. I now see why Limn is known for their rotisserie chicken. The tun tartare was also amazing.We had another chicken and beef dish floating around the table... the chicharron de pollo and the carne a la parrilla. All were fantastic.I highly recommend going in a group and trying as many dishes as possible as we did. The service was excellent and the space was fun. I'm a fan!
This chicken is so. flippin'. tasty. When I've gone, I got the crispy chicken "chicharrones", the rotiuserie chicken, and a pitcher of sangria to share. Their ceviche is pretty good to, but nothing beats the chicken.
Limon Rotisserie needs a little help. The service is slow and it took near 20 minutes to get water after asking for it. And we were a table of 6 people. The cocktails are tasty and the chicken is good. However I would not recommed this place during peak times. Parking is a pain but it is San Francisco...
Came here with the family for a post-graduation dinner. The service was excellent - the server, Carlos, was very friendly and helped us pick an appropriate amount of food for 6 people. We ordered a half chicken with vegetables and sweet potato fries. The daily special: rib-eye with chimmichuri, vegetables, and mashed potatoes. Tartara de Tuna (ceviche) and a salad. The food came out very fast and was delicious! The chicken was especially wonderful. It was so good and moist it didn't even need the sauces, but the sauces were excellently flavored as well! The amount of food ended up being perfect and the bill broke down to less than $20 a person (including 3 drinks). Great place for any size of group!
Really delicious! Chicken was moist and flavorful, the drinks were delicious, and I don't ever buy Mac n cheese at a restraunt but it was recommended and it was very good. The sauces they offer with the chicken are also very tasty and the waiters are friendly.
Having traveled to Peru, we were excited to see the local favorites elevated to the next level. We ordered the champignones, pollo la brasa, paella, vegetales saltados, truffle mac and cheese, breaded and fried seafood, and the ensalada with the beets and potatoes. The ensalada and the breaded, fried seafood was great, as were the champignones and vegetales saltado. The pisco sour was also one of the best I've had. The salt levels were pretty inconsistent, though, with the mac and cheese being severely underseasoned and bland (tasted like creamy macaroni with a faint hint of truffle oil) whereas the paella verged on being cloyingly oversalted.The service was ok. Nothing to really write home about (I would have liked to have our water refilled at least once during our visit).The music in the restaurant was WAAAAY to loud, especially for Mother's day. We had to shout across the table to hear each other, so it left us wondering if we were at a restaurant or a nightclub.Good for singles or couples with no children (Gen Y or younger). Not a place to take your mom or your kids.
I truly love this place. It has wonderful chicken and Yuka, empanada's and also many other favorites of mine...... Love the sangria also, yummmmmy !
My sister raved about the best peruvian in the city, and on a random Sunday SF-roaming tour of the mission, we decided it was the perfect time to try out this local fave.We walked in and the top floor felt hop, cool, simple but nice. Then our hostess led us downstairs to a roomier area, which our party of 6 gladly ate all up. Our server talked motorcycles with my sister's bf cuz they walked in with their helmets, and got the entire restaurant to sing happy birthday to my bff, which made her night. great, personal, attentive service, albeit slow sometimes. now the food -- everyone loved something different, and everything generally was pretty dang good. My favorite of the night was the pork chicharron, which is not the mexican/filippino pig skin you might think of, but a piece of well-roasted pork served with a vinegary sauce. DELISH! My boyfriend loved the lomo saltado, which is beef done in a fusion chinese/peruvian style, sauteed with onions and served over a bed of fries. the sauce here was crack, and i was dipping everything under the sun in it. finally, everyone loved the pollo alla brasa --- tender, juicy rotisserie chicken that just melts in your mouth. pair it with the chimichurri sauce they give you and BAM you just cannot stop eating it!we also tried the tacu tacu (mix of rice and beans, fried. delish), fish ceviche (not quite punchy enough for me, but very tasty nonetheless), truffle mac and cheese (my least favorite, couldn't taste the truffle at all), and chocolate bandido (dessert, chocolate cake with caramel, cookie, etc etc etc) very rich.overall everyone was so stuffed and so happy at the end of our meal, and we all would gladly come back. I guess sis does know best! And for all of that (no alchy), our bill was a very affordable $98 (including tip) for 6 people. I like the sound of thaT!
Ugh, now they serve "anticuchos al pollo" (grilled chicken skewers) instead of real anticuchos (marinated cow heart bits.) Please stop whitewashing the menu!
I was here yesterday night for dinner and it was great! I would definitely come back.I was there with a group of 5, we ordered the mixed shrimp and fish ceviche, whole chicken (with all 3 sauces), vegetables, yuca fries, steak with fries, truffle macaroni and cheese. For dessert we got the profiteroles, mango panna cotta, and chocolate lava cake. The MUST HAVES are the truffle mac and cheese, the sauces was so creamy and rich, you could really taste the truffle which is always a plus. And the mango panna cotta, it was rich and decadent. The yuca fries were also fantastic, it's fluffy on the inside like mashed potatoes but crispy on the outside. Everything else was good, not exceptional, but good. The chicken was tender, the vegetables were a bit over salted, and the steak with fries were good.
Great tasting food and the service was pretty good. The Tacu-Tacu tasted very good and had to order another one because it was that good. The Pollo Empanada was very good and was my favorite that we ordered that day. Great Peruvian food to go to.
Great customer service, everyone has a poker face yet friendly, food is amazing & EVERYTIME I go ((which is every weekend)) I'm always satisfied & welcomed. Excellent place!
The food and food preparation was excellent. Their Rotissere chicken was incredible. My friend was lactose intolerant so we couldn't try the truffle mac & cheese. We settled on the sweet potato fries which in their perfectly seasoned, crisped exterior served as the perfect complement to the chicken including Limon's fried chicken version which we also ordered. We rounded out the meal with veggies and a salad which was similar to a light but very flavorful potato salad. Overall, I was pleased with how we were treated and seated. However, we had a particular male server who was only modestly responsive to our requests. For instance, we had to remind him to bring our first round of water and drinks twice and then waited an oddly long time for the second round, forcing us to remind him again. Perhaps, it was a busy night. However, my date commented on feeling rushed further evidenced by our bill arriving without being first asked if we'd finished. I'd write this off as an isolated and my server comments are not meant to imply all servers operated this way. It was our individual experience with a less than friendly server. Ambience? Great. I believe it a bit more intimate than the Valencia location and not merely because of it's lesser size, but also the general atmosphere. I liked the space Definitely make reservations for the weekend  Well done, Limon.
There's close to 2K reviews for this place, so I don't think there's anything I can tell you about the food, the service or the tiny ass tables that will be a surprise. What I can tell you is that you don't even have to eat at this place. Just park yourself at a table and order multiples of those sexy orangey Divina Pasion drinks. I had no idea orange pisco was so damn delicious. By the time the food showed up I was 3 drinks deep and wasn't as interested as I should've been (don't get me wrong, i still ate and it was delicious).  Parking sucks, but you probably know that already. Bathrooms are super clean, thank you - that's really important when you're drinking like a fish.
LOVE the chicken, love the sauces, love the sides, love the sangria.Love the ambiance, love the service, parking's not awful.Note, it's a very different dining experience from their other Limon restaurants, (hah! reason to try them all)(Pretty sure Zuni is the only place around with better chicken, and you know what happens to your bill when you go there)
I love Limn! Chicken, yuca fries, and their truffled macaroni and cheese will make my night! The sangria here is one of the best I've had too! The three sauces are amazing. I don't even know what they are but I love them all!Don't get the vegetables though. It made me think of funky Chinese stir-fry...I've only been on the weekends, and it's typically relatively busy. EVEN w/ reservations. So if you go, get a reservation and be prepared to wait a little still if it's a busy bustling Saturday night!
The food is delicious but very small. The quality of the food is good so the price might be right. However, the service is very bad. Waiters give attitude for no reason. The cooks are incredible though
It's honestly just so hard to go wrong here. I absolutely think that it is overpriced, but it's really not too bad if you come with a group of 4 and eat family style! Of all the dishes we ordered, my favourite was the paella. The rotisserie chicken was also legit, but not significantly better than the rotisserie chicken at Costco... haha. Definitely consider getting a pitcher of Sangria to start your night off right if you're planning on heading to bars later!What really sells Limon is its atmosphere. It's very lively (not too loud, not too quiet), but not obnoxious. It's not too yuppie (if that makes sense at all), and not too hipster. AND it's close to a bunch of bars in da mish.
I've been to the Van Ness location twice, but never been to the Valencia location. The food is freaking fantastic! I highly recommend the Lengua a la Parilla (beef tongue), ceviche, and the empanada. The Arroz con Mariscos was the paella that appealed to me the most on the menu, but they were out of most of the ingredients so I could not try that one. Instead we tried the Picante de Mariscos, which was a different type of paella than I've had before in that this one had a side of rice instead of being cooked in the gravy. I didn't, but others thought that it was the best paella they've had.From among the beverages, the Cuzquena Peruvian beer was a hit with me.
Honestly, in San Francisco, it can be hard to find a good experience at a restaurant like this. Everything hit on the mark for me. I've traveled through Ecuador and have familiarity with the types of food themes they offer, and I can say they present an authentic and uniquely premium version of this type of culinary experience. Furthermore, they do so in a way that is not pretentious, overly-priced, or degrading to the origins of the cuisine. The atmosphere and service were great! The waiter was quick to get our order and really directed us on the top choices for our tastes. The waiters were even friendly enough at the end of the night to look up the name of a popular cumbia song that was playing so we could check it out later. These two guys deserve a raise. They were polite, efficient, and friendly -- something you rarely see in most restaurants in SF let alone the Mission. The price was so reasonable I almost thought there was a mistake at the end of the meal. I've probably paid twice or three times more at other restaurants for much less altogether on points of food quality/flavor, service, atmosphere, quantity, presentation, etc. This place hits on all marks. If you're looking for a great date spot or a place to take friends while in town, you cannot go wrong with Limon Rotisserie. I will definitely be back! Thank you! The upstairs was a bit packed, but the host was able to bring us to a quiet spot downstairs, no problem.
Any resident SF foodie who has not yet visited Limon tends to receive raised eyebrows, and/or exclamations of mild surprise - not necessarily because Limon is mind-blowingly spectacular (though most will claim so), but more so because it's an SF staple of sorts. Exactly the reaction I got when I showed up to dinner last week, I quickly perused their somewhat extensive menu, only realizing at that moment that Limon was a tapas restaurant, focusing on a variety of small dishes. We ended up sharing:* Lomito Saltado ($10.95) - An alright dish with good flavors and a bit of tang, my main qualms were with the fries: I felt like this dish would have been significantly better if it had been made with the more traditional, crispy thick-cut wedge fries.* Chicharron de Pollo ($8.95) - Great flavors and just the right bit of crispiness, but a bit on the dry side. Served up with a dipping sauce though, which helped offset the dryness.* Papas Fritas ($3.95) - Quite tasty, with great flavors - I think it would have been even better with thick-cut fries, but these were enjoyable nonetheless.* Tacu Tacu ($3.95) - We never quite figured out what this was, and just decided to order it based off Yelp suggestions. My guess is that they're (foot)balls of Spanish rice that have been pan-fried a bit (a la yaki onigiri). Not bad, but not amazing either.* Profiteroles ($7.25) - Four cream puffs served up with some sauces and nuts, and, while I've had better, these were quite tasty.***Accessibility Info***Venue - A large, spacious restaurant, accessibility shouldn't be an issue. While I didn't notice it myself, there is apparently an upstairs level as well, so it may be a good thing to specify any accessibility needs if you're making reservations.Bathroom - Didn't get them out, so I can't comment.
We eat here all the time, for the last four years and love it every time. We like this location better vs Valencia street. Maybe cause it's the original?We love the sangria,their chicken (the rice and beans is our favorite side dish). (The sweet potato fries were good, the other sides, eh). The loma saltada is excellent. The empanadas are ok, a little too pricey for what you get, oh, and of course, our favorite appetizer is their ceviche!We came here on a Sunday afternoon. The were busy!  We spent the day champagne tasting in Napa, then walking across Golden Gate Bridge, so we were all hungry!
Since I was craving for some more peruvian food, we chose to dine here on a busy friday night. Thank goodness for reservations!! Pisco is always a good start, along with some ceviche. My brother ordered the truffle mac and cheese as an appetizer and boy was it good. Just the right balance of cream and cheese and the perfect amount of truffle oil to makes it one of the best truffle mac and cheeses i have ever trued(even better than michael mina's IMO.) We had the roasted chicken (which tastes exactly like La Granja) moist, flavorful and super tender. Don't forget to try their peruvian paella as well! Overall the food was great, the ambience was cool and I will definitely come back!
Let me start off by saying I did not expect a restaurant this good in this neighborhood. I thought I was lost as I only saw rows and rows of residential buildings. As I walked in I knew this place was the spot. We got a table right away and service immediately. Drinks were ordered instantaneously. 2 Sangrias on their way. I wanted the 1/2 chicken as it was the house favorite. I rolled with the Yuca fries and a salad. Wifey ordered the Paella which she has been dying to try. Did I like the food? No. I loved it! My wife said it's the best Paella she's ever had- perfect consistency, no fishy smell. The chicken was juicy and was just right! Very rare that my wife and I both think our dishes are awesome. Limon thanks for introducing me to my new fave Peruvian restaurant!!
It's really tough for me to decide if it's the sangria, the yuca fries, or the chicken that keeps me coming back....or maybe it's the lomito saltado...Limon is one of my go to places in the city- but truth be told...I ONLY come to this location on S. Van Ness. Their servers are genuine and easy going and I love the vibe. I went to the one on Valencia once, but it just wasn't the same...so I just continue to come to this one.Minus one star because I am never ever seated at the time of my reservation. We tend to wait 20-30 minutes past the reservation time, so now when I make reservations I keep that in mind.
It was a lovely night and my boyfriend and I decided to go walk somewhere for dinner. We came here at 7pm and the place was pretty empty. Although the top floor was empty, they wanted to sit us downstairs for whatever reason, which was also pretty empty. It would have been nice to look out the windows, but oh well. The food was fantastic! We got 4 of the small plates and a dessert to share. We are huge mac and cheese fans and their's was definitely up there with our favorites. We also had the tuna tartar, there red snapper civiche and braised short ribs. It came out probably within 10 minutes of us ordering which was incredibly fast. I kind of wish I had some time for a cocktail and then a glass of wine, but I guess you can't really complain about fast service. We also had the warm chocolate cake for dessert which was also pretty yummy and a warm liquid center. The only issue I have and what kept this from being 5 stars was the ambiance. There was a family of 6 with 3 small children next to us when we were seated. The parents let their children run around screaming, crawling over the chairs, under the tables and actually running down the booth seating that spanned one of the walls. Seriously, this is not Chuck-e-Cheese. I wish they would have asked them to control their children, but it was clear no one cared. I wanted a nice dinner with my boyfriend, instead we had a loud obnoxious experience and were glad to finally leave.
I wanted to come to Limon for a very long time and I am happy to say it was not disappointing when I finally got to go.Every time I tried to go to Limon tables/reservations were not available. I went last night and since it was a weeknight the wait was super short. It looks tiny when you go inside but there are more tables downstairs. So don't be scared!Being from the Dominican Republic, I am always craving those Latin flavors that bring me back home. Limon certainly took me back there. We ordered the Lomito Saltado (truly my favorite). It is tender steak perfectly cooked, with a delicious sauce and yummy french fries underneath. I wanted to lick the plate...We paired the lomito saltado with a side of white rice. Another of my favorites was Ceviche de pescado. I would eat a big bowl of just that. The fish was fresh and tasty, it had lots of lemon but wasn't overpowering. Very Tasty!We also ordered pollo a la brasa. I loved each of the sauces they brought and we had a side of fried yuca. Even though this one was not my favorite, it was perfectly cooked, the sauces were a nice touch and was super flavorful.Overall, I wish I can eat here every night for dinner. Was really good. We paired the meal with a pitcher of Sangria, yummy!If you come to Limon, You shouldn't leave without having tried the ceviche. One of the best ceviches around here indeed.oh, prices! this place is super affordable, and perfect for groups, if you can manage to get a reservation, of course.
Simply amazing rotisserie chicken!  We sampled a bunch of items and each were amazing in their own way. The beets were awesome. be prepared to wait, or instead make a reservation
reservations for five...wine and sangria at the bar for waiting...easy, simple and weak sangria...basic table provided...little cramp...medley of colorful sauces placed...finding the lengua (tongue) fantastic and the favorite...marinated to perfection and great flavors...chicken chicharon and roasted chicken decent...crispy chicken with garlic flavors...had better roasted chicken...sataldo small and uneventful...empanadas crispy and good...truffle mac & cheese smooth and creamy as advertised...mixed salad requested specifically for the avocado listed...delivered with no avocado...questioned and told limon ran out...disappointment in simple response...$two-hundred-thirty-five total dinner for five...food decent, but not worth the $fifty per person price...
Let me start by saying the food was really tasty, I just don't think it was as amazing or enough of it for the price. The portion sizes are pretty tiny, definitely get a lot and share it. The dips were amazing and the chicken was really tender, I would definitely recommend one of their chicken options. The truffle mac and cheese was awesome (as all truffle things are) and the Yucca fries are perfection. The drinks were also really good. I just wanted more of everything for the price!
Rotisserie chicken is the thing to order here. It's moist and flavorful plus it comes with 3 dipping sauces and 2 sides, if a whole chicken is ordered. Also the short ribs and lengua are excellent. If only the wait was short. I guess you gotta wait for the good things in life.
Limon, I am really glad you are in my hood. You are delicious and give me as many sauces to dip my chicken in as my little heart desires... Though it must be said your chicken doesn't even need sauce it's that tasty.Warning: Do not be fooled by it's juicy, deliciousness. The Sangria packs a punch (in a good way) which is ANOTHER reason am glad you are in my hood. Stumble time was dramatically decreased :)yum.
Unfortunately, me and friends did not have a good experience in this restaurant and I've definitely have had way better Peruvian food somewhere else.I have been to Peruvian restaurants a few times in southern California few years ago where a full serving plate is $10-20 with much bigger portion and tasting so much better. Unfortunately bay area doesn't have any around, so people are so happily getting ripped off by this place and settling for low standards.Here is our story, so you can decide for yourself whether this is worth it for you.Past Sunday night, 8:30pm after a show we showed up, party of 8.1. They ran out of Rotisserie chicken - Yes, it is the Rotisserie chicken restaurant and one whole chicken is $22 here.It's bad, especially the rest of the menu counts on people ordering it. (see below) 2. We tried to order another things on the menu, but the portions were so small, overpriced and not impressive. Everyone ordered a dish and they forgot 1 dish. Everyone was still very hungry.Just imagine $17 seafood paella portion is size of 1 bowl rice - fresh, sour, and it doesn't taste comparable to other paella I've had at 300 Oracle in Redwood city a few times where the serving size is the same, tastes way better, and it's $8One of other chicken dish $11, deep fried chicken (it was dark brown and dry), the serving size is the small size of popcorn chicken in Chinese tea shops that would cost $5Ceviche actually was good and came out in a good size that I would recommend ordering.Sweet potato fries was good (but since when sweet potato fries isn't good anywhere), but the size is literally handful (with women glove size S, 1 hand). Same size go with Ensalada Mixta (veggies)We also ordered Carne a la Parilla. At least everyone got a piece of the meat. The sauce was good, but the steak meat didn't taste good.3. One of us asked for ketchup with fries, and they don't have ketchup. (Not a big issue for me, but it was an issue for 2 in the party.)Since we noticed it would be a big black hole to keep staying there, we cut our loss and just left and going somewhere else.
Really loved my first visit to Limon last weekend!We had to wait for a table, but sat at the bar and had some sangria. We didn't order a pitcher, but the bartender only charged us the cost of pitcher when we ended up having 6 total glasses!Sat upstairs and there were lots of big groups, but there were only four of us and we had a nice table by the balcony. Ordered half a chicken with sweet potato fries and the rice/beans and ceviche. Food came soo fast! Great, friendly service and great food! Will definitely be coming back.
Amazing roasted chicken, Yuca fries and Chocolate Bandido (petit gateau, or lava cake). The Peruvian beers are also a must try. Wonderful date with my hubby!
Honestly I feel bad giving this rating but the service SUCKS. We were here for a birthday dinner and not one time during our hour and a half meal did anyone ask us how our food was. Not only that but absolutely no refills on water and it took over 25 minutes to get the bill. The only reason I would come back is for the food but nothing else. It's a real disappointment, compared to the 16th location which is great but probably will re think dining at any limon.
Fantastic little rotisserie with competitive prices, great service, and elegant and not overly pompous atmosphere. The roasted chicken retained most of its juices, which is an important part in determining how 'well cooked' it is, since the easiest error in making rotisserie is making it too dry. The yacu fries were a fantastic addition to the chicken, and they went particularly well with the dipping sauces. The texture on the fries was absolutely fantastic. This place also whips up a mean sangria, so be sure to order a pitcher if you are with good company.
Reservation DebacleWe came here for a birthday dinner for one of our friends. Originally, the reservation, which the dinner host confirmed earlier that day, was at the Valencia location. When we got there, they said that they did not have our reservation, but the Van Ness location did. Annoying mix up, but the Van Ness location is close by, so it could be worse. We actually all ended up at the Van Ness location by about 7:50pm for our 8:00pm and they apologized for the mix up.Waiting ForeverWhile they apologized for messing up the reservation, we still didn't even get seated until 8:30-8:40, 30-40 minutes later than our reservation. Once we finally got seated, they gave us a handful of menus for a group of 14 people. They also proceeded to tell us that due to our group being 15 people, we were forced to select from the prix fixe menu (which we were not informed of until we sat down). We then pointed out to the server that we were only 14 people and he said that we could choose from the normal menu then. We asked to get more menus and it took them over 10 minutes to get them to us. In addition, they hadn't checked on us once or brought us water or drinks. Once we finally had someone check on us, we ordered for the table, asked them to refrigerate a cake that we brought for us, and waited for the food.The Food The only plus to this place (and why I'm giving two stars instead of one) is that the food is good. We got ceviche, leche de tigre, roasted chicken, mac'n'cheese, yucca fries, lengua, fried chicken, and other things that I can't remember. They tasted good and they were quick to get everything to us (finally some quick service). The Cake IncidentOnce we finished the dinner, we asked to get our cake, which we knew had a "cutting" fee of $2/person (only because it was on the menu, since they did not inform us when we gave them the cake). We told them that we didn't need anything cut, but would like some utensils and plates. They proceeded to tell us that they would still be charging the $2/person for the dishes and utensils. This is where I get annoyed. If just one of all these things happened, we would be fine--it happens. However, the service and management failed at every turn during our experience there. From the reservation mix up, to seating us late without menus, trying to force the prix fixe menu on us, and now charging us almost $30 for a cake that probably cost us $25 to buy (how does it cost less to make the cake than to wash the dishes). By this point, I've had enough and asked them to take off this charge. The server said that he would if he could, but his manager would not let him, so I asked to see the manager. When he came over, I proceeded to tell him about our experience so far with everything that I listed and he said that there was nothing that he could do. He then told me that all restaurants do this and it blew my mind. Does he think that we've never been to a restaurant before? He must realize that many places actually give a free dessert when celebrating a birthday instead of charging us for a dessert that we brought. After explaining that, he said that the best he could do was take the charge off for half of the group. I replied that if he could do that then he could take it off for everyone. He didn't relent, so we asked to just get our cake back without dishes and that we would eat it elsewhere. Keep in mind, it's not that we can't afford the $2/person, but the fact that they would charge us more to do the dishes than the cake was worth is just ridiculous. Then to have the gall to say that's how all restaurants are just set it over the edge. By the end of the night, we spent over $400 and they wouldn't bend on this request.Last WordIn the end, I would not return to Limon. The food is solid but they lost 14 return customers due to poor service and management. I hope that they reevaluate some of their policies.
Pretty good Peruvian food. A bit like tapas style. Good chicken - for an asian, I probably would have preferred more dark meat.. But overall, pretty authentic food with a good modern spin.
This chicken i similar to pio pio (ny) good taste and i love the dip tht comes with it exactly like PER if i ever go back to sf i will definitely go to this place again
Finally here: ceviche mixto, half chicken with yuca fries and tacu tacu, bomb delicious beef tongue with yuton potatoes. Oh did I mention sangria?!
We went here for a special birthday. First time. WOW.... is it good. The flavors just burst with freshness. Downside, it is very noisy. Don't go there if you want a quietconversation. Lively bar. Not fancy.Very small portions. The waiter warned us and they are small! Reasonable prices. I would go back in a heartbeat.
Pisco SOURS!!!!! Pisco SOURS!!!!! Make sure to get one... But all the drinks are pretty darn delicious!!!! CHICKEN.Pisco.AMBIANCE. That's why people come hereThe Truffle Mac n Cheese tasted like dirty socks, I was not impressed. Ceviche Mixto - (Fish, calamari & tiger shrimp) Was fresh, presentation well applauded...Lomitto Saltado - (Traditional peruvian dish fo stir-fried top sirloin strips, onions, tomato & soy sauce, served with fries)Loved the sauces that came with the large steak cut-fries!!!The sauce was really good, I even put some on my rice and just ate it like that. Seco de Costillas - (Braised boneless beef short ribs with huacatay & cilantro, served with potatoes carrots & english peas)The boneless short ribs---BRAVO!!! So Juicy and the meat just melted in my mouth like butter.Pollo A la Brasa - THE WHOLE CHICKEN (Savory free-range chicken slowly roasted over open flame. All portions come with two sides of your choice and aji sauces)The chicken I'm still dreaming about... Fell in love with after the first bite :)Tacu-Tacu (Beans and rice mixture) - Uh, they were ALright, but really plain tasting, I would have much rather had the traditional Peruvian beans, they should put that on the menu :) Pollo Empanadas- ONLY GET TWO (Shredded roasted chicken, hard boiled eggs, olives and capers)Not something I would order again, was a bit too dry for my taste buds. Tartar de Tuna - (Ahi tuna tartare with roasted peppers, pinenuts, rocota & sesame seed oil)The Tuna also had a very fresh taste like the Ceviche, so if you are a Pescatarian or just aren't in the mood for chicken or can't make up your mind, order something with fish :) or the boneless short ribs for the meat lovers.
Great food, Terrible service. Biggest complaint was the fact that we received our drinks after our food had arrived... such a rookie mistake Limon.The fellow Yelpers didn't let me down, the chicken was amazing.
The food was very good. The service left something to be desired.The lemon chicken was Amazing, and so were all the sides that we ordered along with it. The peruvian sauces are authentic and Incredible.The service was slow. We had to to remind the staff that we ordered other plates. We asked for the same plates over and over again. Not only that, but when the bill came, they charged us for 5 plates that weren't ours. After they removed those orders, they added Another plate that wasn't ours. Other than that, this place is fine.
Food is ok. Service can be bad at peak times. Be sure to check your credit card statement because they overcharged mine! Also their customer service sucks when you try to get them fix the dispute. Not returning for sure!
Came here for a semi-business lunch with 3 other people.Unfortunately, I wasn't able to take photos of all the yummy dishes!Here's a list of what we ordered:Ceviche Mixto: If you love ceviche, you'll love this! All the ingredients were so flavorful and fresh!Tuna Tartare: I love ahi tuna and theirs was YUM!Lomito Saltado: OMG! The sirloin strips were full of flavor. Just wish I had more of it on the plate.Truffle Mac and Cheese: It was good, but probably my least favorite of all the dishes.And of course, we got a full order of rotisserie chicken: The chicken was delicious!! Again, tons of flavor. I'm remembering a peppery, leomony and just juicy tasting chicken.And the sauces! WOW! We had to get another serving of them. I'd eat anything with those sauces. We got the yuca fries and rice as our sides. I didn't know how much I'd love their yuca fries. They were fried to perfection, creamy on the inside and the simple salt that was sprinkled on them made such a difference.This place is sooo yummy. I actually want to go back NOW!
This place is great for a date because they have various small plates, which actually are proportionally enough for two people. Their service is the fastest I have ever experienced in any restaurant in SF and their staff is friendly.  Their chicken deal is the best value. You can order a quarter, half, or whole chicken and you get 3 sides with it along with a variety of delicious dipping sauces. I have been here twice now and everything I have tried is cooked perfectly, to an intoxicating texture. The chicken is crisp and well seasoned on the outside, moist on the inside. The fried seafood platter is battered to perfection-- light and crisp breading-- and you get shrimp, calamari, and white fish. It falls apart in your mouth. Not to mention this plate is beautifully arranged and comes with fresh corn nuts that put your childhood corn-nut snack to shame (and doesn't hurt your teeth). Their yucca fries are delicious and their truffle mac n cheese is so good you'll be wishing you had two stomachs so you could ingest more. And did I mention they know how to make a good cocktail? This place is always overflowing with people, so a reservation is helpful, but we have also come in on a whim and either didn't have to wait long or sat at the bar table (where we were served and attended to like any other table). Limon is a restaurant that follows through on their excellence in all areas.
Very good food. The chicken is the signature dish, and does not disappoint. The sauces to go along where also plenty good.Service was attentive and very friendly. The restrooms are awesome, worth a pit stop if you are eating here just to see.
I've come here a few times already but I guess I never wrote a review for it. Such a shame! This was the first place I dined at that exposed me to Peruvian food... since then I've become a ceviche fiend! Place can get pretty packed but they have additional seating downstairs as well. Service... can be a hit or miss. I remember getting pretty good service when I first came here, but recently for fathers day, the service was kind of lacking. I love the ceviche here, the mixto and the leche tigre are my favorites here. Flavorful and the right amount of acid that brings it to the next level! The chicken here is amazing! Yeah... it's a bit pricey for chicken... but it's flavorful, moist, and the pieces are pretty big compared to other places where the chicken looks like it's been starved. The waiter got us to order some special with fries under and fried chicken pieces and some sauce drizzled over as an appetizer... and I actually really liked it. I just wish he wasn't talking so fast so I knew what exactly I said yes to ordering! Yucca fries here are good, nice plump pieces. Yeah, it's only 4 pieces... but it's large enough where you can cut it up and everyone gets a piece! The sauces to dip the chicken and fries are really good too... savor it though, cause it costs money to refill that sauce! The lomito saltado I would probably skip, just because it was kind of dry and compared to the other dishes, it just didn't stand out in flavor. The beef tongue here is really good and I would definitely recommend to anyone! You can't even tell that it's tongue and they made it pretty tender, so it's not chewy like other times when you may be eating tongue. Besides, it's pretty flavorful, so you would think you're eating beef if you didn't know it was tongue! Now the paella... I would skip. I've had some really good paella but limon disappointed me in that department. The rice was soggy, flavor of the rice kind of reminded me of when I was a kid and eating rice-a-roni (ah, those were the days) and they're pretty skimpy on the seafood. Nothing too special, unless you're really craving rice-a-roni. Finally, we got the grilled skirt steak which wasn't anything special, but I would order that over the saltado. The skirt steak was sitting in a puddle of sauce, which wasn't bad but I felt that it overpowered the steak. Overall, the meal was good and. Reservations are definitely recommended since this place can get pretty packed.
As everyone already knows you have to order the rotisserie chicken here. I handled the breasts, as I was the only white meat enthusiast, while everyone else dove into the thighs. Pretty tender, moist and flavorful meat and skin. I liked it overall. We also ordered a number of side dishes and once everything came out our table resembled something of a Thanksgiving day feast. Some ceviche mixto, chicharron de pollo (my favorite item of all that we ordered), truffle mac and cheese, empanadas, yuca fries, and sweet potato fries. The menu is designed to be family style and items come out as they are ready but everything came out quickly, and pretty much at the same time, rivaling the quickness one usually receives their food when at a pho restaurant.
Chicken for lunch?? YES indeed!!We came upon this establishment bc our first choice was a no go but you can never go wrong with chicken, right? A lunch date with my grl, Pammy, led us here. (She's been here and I'm still a virgin when it came to Peruvian food so I was definitely excited!!)As we entered the restaurant, it took me by surprise, the cleaniness, the smell of delicious chicken, the paintings on the walls and the dark brown seats and tables; simple yet elegant. We ended up ordering..- Half of a chicken: Delicious, tender pieces, hint of limon and oh so amazing. Can rotisserie chicken be this damn good?? - Our two sides that came with our chicken: An order of what seemed like 4 pieces if gigantic french fries and a beet salad. (I'm not a beet person, but this salad made me change my mind after one bite!!)- Truffle Mac n Cheese: I would honestly come back just for the mac n cheese!! It's amazing!! My newest addiction, not so cheesy but just right and when it touches your tougue for the first time, it was a mac n cheese orgasmic in your mouth. - Leche Tigre Cocktail: Who doesn't love raw foods? Well if you don't than this item isn't for you but if you crave it than this another pick. Somewhat sourish towards the end, but the raw seafood along with the veggies and beans made this item amazing.And of course my alcoholic self couldn't walk away without having a drink or two so I went went their, Lychee infused drink with Piscos liqueur. (Our waitress recommended it so I had to try it!! And wow was it addicting!!)An amazing lunch, with an amazing friend in an amazing establishment!!
Whoa, and I mean like WHOA. Like move-to-Peru whoa because you ain't ever gonna be able to eat chicken or ceviche anywhere else without Peruvian cuisine memories sneaking up on you and stealing the show. Like whoa like I literally daydreamed about it for over 24 hours and prayed to Peruvian gods high and low that I would find it miraculously waiting for me for breakfast.Alas, my prayers went unanswered.Stick to the whole chicken and ceviche mixto. All the ceviche parts are good, but the fish is exceptional! If you wanna be extra cool (and you do), get the lomito saltaldo.
Oh em gee, I had no idea that Peruvian food can taste this good. It was my first time, and it was a hell of a first time.We ordered the Lomito Saltado, which was drenched with this sweetish delicious sauce. It says soy sauce, but it definitely isn't the typical soy sauce. I thought it was pretty good, so the expectations were fairly high for the main dish, Pollo A Las Brasa.Expectations meeeeet. The chicken was absolutely YUMMILICIOUS. Soft, tender, juicy, heavenly roasted, NOT DRY AT ALL. They were served with three sauces which you can pour onto your plate, but honestly, you really don't need the sauces at all. The chicken was amazing by itself.For the sides, I recommend the Tacu-Tacu, Vegetales Salteados, and definitely, definitely, definitely the Yuca Fries. We had only a slight problem with the service; they seemed to forget that we had already ordered so the five of us ended up sitting there for a long time waiting for our meal. No worries though, the waiters were courteous when we asked them about it. Water was magically - and I mean magically - filled, never had to ask for more. I love this place, I love the ambiance, I love the service, and I love the food.
Totally enjoyed the chicken. Service was fantastic and the drinks delicious. Did not feel pressured to finish quickly so they could turn the table.
Hands down, 5 starts! The service is always up to par. The staff is always so welcoming, I don't know what it is, or if it is just peruvian hospitality at perfection. You can count on me continuing to be a regular at this location.If you would like seating on the main floor, I suggest you make a reservation. Suggestions to order-Chicken, by the quarter, half or whole accompanied by two sides: Tacu-Tacu and three options of fries!-Inca cola!-truffle mac and cheeseSANGRIA SANGRIA SANGRIAPISCO SOUR (lychee or original)
Went to the South Van Ness location around 12:00 when they opened and I am very glad that I did. Within one hour this place was packed. I ordered the whole chicken, vegetables and truffle mac and cheese. Every item had a well balanced of flavor. I just love their rotisserie chicken. I would rate this place a five but the service was slow. they are friendly but they need to get more help to handle the volume of customers.
It just wasn't my cup of tea.Service was good and prompt. Nothing to complain here.Food was so-so. It wasn't bad, but it didn't blow me out of the water.Beef empanada: Deep fried with a good amount of beef inside. However, the beef was very salty which hindered the flavor. I couldn't finish it. Fish and shrimp ceviche: The serving was on the small side, but had a nice, citrus-y flavor. Was it worth the 12.95? Not really. Perhaps $9 would have justified it.Chichirron pollo: reminds of me of karaage chicken, but parts of the chicken were so over-fried that it was tough and dry. Otherwise, the other pieces were juicy. A suggestion I would make is to include a citrusy onion, cabbage coleslaw to cut the fat. Lomito Saltado: Had great flavor. I especially enjoyed the bell peppers and onions. Beef was slightly tough. Didn't think I'd enjoy soggy french fries, but they were good. So my friend and I came out of the restaurant feeling "Meh". Really wanted to like it, but I don't think I'd come back for a second visit considering all of the other great restaurants in SF.
Came here with a group and had almost everything. Dish of the night definitely had to be the beef tongue. So good. The chicken chicharrons were also amazing. The mac and cheese was also a crowd pleaser. The ceviche was good. Definitely not as acidic and tangy as I'm accustomed to but firm and tasty. The steak and fries was a little disappointing. Not much steak and a lot of sauce leading to soggy fries. Chicken was good, the sauces were delish. Sangria was really sweet, almost like grape juice. Also, service was kind of spotty. Kind of loud, hip atmosphere made it hard to talk and have conversations but overall we had fun and would go back.
There was an insect in my drink...
You know, I don't know why chicken sometimes the bad rep that it does. It's too bland, it's too boring, it's too cheap, blah blah, who the bleep cares!!!! As long as it tastes good, right??? I know when chicken can be bad, it can be bad. But when it's good, it's freaking GREAT!!!The chicken here is pretty good! Affordable price for the flavorful chicken! I liked the different choices we get in the dipping sauces - you can mix it up a bit, but even without the dipping sauces, the chicken was moist and flavorful - the sauces are just an extra kick to keep things exciting.The sides were pretty good too! They've got a good variety so you should try and share them with friends! Ambiance was good, not too loud, not too bright, not too dark. (Jeez, I sound like Goldilocks here.) Make a reservation if you can - they were pretty easy to get!
My girlfriend and I frequently come here. It's easily our favorite place to eat. Why? The food is NEVER a let down. We always make a reservation and are seated immediately, but we've found that we prefer to sit at the bar (which I think you don't need a reservation for- just great timing and good luck!). Usually, we always sat at the upstairs bar but recently the last time we came, we decided to try the downstairs bar. What a move! We had the BEST TIME EVER. A particular shout out to bartenders Sergio and Dennis for making our experience so much fun. Every time we come we always get the Sangria. It's deliciousssss. One glass of Limon's sangria and you'll be tipsy. As far as appetizers go, we always HAVE to get the Ceviche Mixto. Spicy, acidic, wonderful seafood goodness. Deciding the main dish is harder- we switch it up every time because it's ALL amazing. But I highly recommend the Chicharron de Pollo or Rotisserie Chicken. Seriously, it's all good. And don't forget to get yucca fries and the trio of sauces.Go to Limon!!! This is one place I'll give 5 stars every single time.
Bomb chicken. Comes with 2 sides. I ordered the Yucca fries which were perfection. Nicely fried on yen outside chewy on the inside not too hard just perfect. I should've ordered the sweet potatoes fries too :, (. Sangria not too shabby either I WILL COME BACK!
You're probably thinking why is a vegetarian going to a place known for their chicken. Well, it was for a birthday dinner and I had looked at the menu ahead and saw there were plenty of vegetarian options. I was really excited to try this place after reading all the good reviews of the side dishes. Unfortunately, it was pretty disappointing. Pros:- Good fries (yuca and sweet potato)- Good truffle mac & cheese Cons- Ordered a salad. Everyone else's food came out, including 3 chickens. From my understanding, chopping vegetables shouldn't take more time than cooking a chicken, but what do I know. Everyone was half way done eating and the salad still didn't come out so I cancelled it. The waiter then said, oh ... you don't want it anymore? No, sorry I don't really want salad for dessert. I think it would've gone better if they just had said, sorry, we forgot about it. - My friends ordered some hot sauce and guess what, they charged for it. Yup $1.50 per little containerThe food was good but the service wasn't. For vegetarians, there are other places in the cities with equally good fries and mac&cheese with better service.
I've been here on different occasions, and the different locations. None of them have disappointed. Honestly some of the best chicken is found here - and it is what they are known for. The ceviche done just the way I like it - blasted with lime! Don't get me started on the Tartara de Tuna or the Lomito Saltado! The portions are not bad at all. Last time I came was with a party of 9, and had no complaints about the sizes. The plus was they did not take that long to seat us, and gave a great section. As far as the food goes, it is definitely one of the better tasting places you will find in San Francisco - hands down. If you have guest come to town, be sure to stop by here. We took some Costa Rican friends here on another occasion - even they were amazed. The prices make it even better. I keep hearing about their cocktails. Next time I come I will give them a try!
They have corrected any problems. Out greeting was friendly, we were seated immediately, and the servers were helpful, friendly and FAST!The rotisserie chicken with three sauces was a "TEN". So was the lomito and the ceviche. The sangria was great as was the Cristal beer. I will definitely return.
The server was swift when i needed a seating that was ADA approved because i am handicapped
I truly appreciate the variety and quality of the items on the menu. I have nothing but raves for the the lomito saltado, rotisserie chicken, the ceviche mixto, tacu tacu, sangria, and pisco sour cocktail. I will certainly be back again when I visit San Francisco.
My friends and I stopped by with no reservations on a Sunday night, and we were seated right away downstairs. We weren't too hungry, so we shared a Pollo a la Brasa (half chicken), Aji de Gallina, and the Truffle Mac & Cheese.Overall, I wouldn't say anything stood out really. The chicken wasn't phenomenal, but it was good. Same with the Mac and Cheese. The Aji de Gallina was pretty small and a lot more bland than I've had at other Peruvian restaurants. Good service and decent food, but I won't go out of my way to eat here again when I'm in town.
I am a regular customer. I love your food, but your customer service absolutely sucks! I called tonight for takeout and was informed by your rude receptionist Gabby that it would take an hour for 1 chicken and 2 sides. Really? Who is running this restaurant? Don't you know how to intersperse to go orders with dining in customers. You lost my business tonight and I am seriously thinking of canceling my dinner reservations for a party of 5 next week. This is the second screw up I've experienced, the first one of which Francisco your Manager took care of last time when your receptionist hung up on me when I asked for a to go order and she told me the restaurant wasn't processing to go orders because they were too busy. I hope you fired that idiot!. Ever since you best waiter Freddie left to go back to Mexico your customer service has been on a rapid trajectory downhill.
This is one of the top 5 of my go to spots in the city, great for groups or dinner for two. The food is always fresh and comes to your table almost as soon as you sit down! The staff is friendly and very attentive to your every need.Rotisserie Chicken - Easily the most popular dish as it's perfectly brined, roasted and served fresh. Very affordable as it comes with two side dishes and a trio of aji sauces.Ensalada Rusa - My favorite thing on the menu, the beets are steamed to perfection and are mixed with potatoes, carrots, choclo, peas and tossed with my favorite, the Aji Amarillo aioli sauce.Sangria - A little too sweet at times, but after a few glasses you'll be too tipsy to notice.Lomito Saltado - Not exactly what I was expecting after living in Southern California for half my life and eating at places like Mario's Peruvian & Seafood. The portion size is a little small and a little too salty whenever i've ordered it.Truffle Mac & Cheese - Not very peruvian but a very tasty (and heavy) nonetheless. GET IT.Empanadas - Pretty good but not for the price.Get here early or make a reservation as this place gets busy busy busy.
Make a reservation for seven people at 7pm. Arrive promptly at 7pm with friend, sit at the bar, and wait for posse to arrive.Posse does not arrive.Get series of text messages, varying from "stuck on BART in Oakland!" to "taking our time, be there somewhere around 8." Hostess appears mildly annoyed. Bartender is fully annoyed, as we have been hogging bar stools for 45 minutes and have only ordered one drink. Pretty sure he's shooting me dirty looks, and with the skull and crossbones tattoo and all, not interested in pissing him off. Order another round of drinks.The line to be seated is now out the door and around the corner. The restaurant is so hot that, despite the frosty temps outside, we're all sweating in our t-shirts. Two more friends arrive with a report that THEIR friends are "running late." It's 8pm. They're already an hour late. I'm hungry and rapidly getting grouchy. Decide to drink faster. Pisco sour is delicious. Realize that I made the right decision. Order empanadas to devour at the bar to appease a) my stomach, and b) the annoyed staff. Veggie empanada decidedly delicious. Have a passing fantasy of ordering a whole chicken to go and running out of the restaurant.Decide not to.Friends arrive, hooray! Hostess tells us that she can seat us "in about 30 minutes." Our turn to be annoyed (although it's entirely our fault... and by "our," I mean not mine). Finally get seated downstairs, which is at least 10 degrees cooler than the sweatbox upstairs. Drink five glasses of water and ask for more. Waiter suggests that we order the Prix Fixe menu, which includes: Mixed green salad, Ahi tuna tartare, ceviche, strips of serloin steak served with fried onions and appropriately greasy french fries, hunks of chicken marinated in soy sauce and garlic, and the pice de rsistance: polla a la brasa, a beautifully roasted rotisserie chicken.Delight does not quite convey my emotion.Delicious does not quite describe the amazing, succulent food."Will be back" does not quite describe my desire for a repeat performance. Today. Right now.
I know that the food is good, but it's not good enough to charge the prices that they were charging. I wasn't terribly impressed with it, since it just tasted like most other rotisserie chicken that I've had. Yes, it's good, but given all the hype, I kinda expected more. The dipping sauces were really good, though, and definitely supplemented (or overshadowed?) the flavor of the chicken.But yeah, get the chicken.Recommended:ChickenYuca fries
I came here for a friend's going away get-together on Wednesday, June 11, 2014. My review is mostly about the service versus the food. We were a party of 8 originally and we had an unexpected guest join us. Here are my reviews about the night:Our reservation was at 7:00, but a few of us were late, and were seated around 7:30 in the downstairs dining room, not a problem at all. To be fair, the server, Sergio, was initially prompt in coming to get our drink order and bring water to the table. However, when the 9th guest arrived, not one single person assisted us in bringing a chair, a menu, or water for him the entire evening. We just grabbed the chair and place setting from the table next to us.  When we finally did decide to put our order in, we had asked for all the ceviches and nightly special, the grilled octopus, to come first, with the family style chicken, sides, and Mac n cheese to come after. After a few minutes, ALL the food came out together. A few members of our party commented on the fact that we had asked for an appetizer course, but all came together. I would like to note that all the food was amazing! The chicken, the grilled octopus and the truffle Mac n cheese were my personal favorites (my two stars goes to the food and cocktails). Once the food arrived, our server asked if we would like any more cocktails, in which we ordered more pisco sours. After the drinks were dropped off (by I presume a drink runner), we did not see our server again until the table had been cleared.As a person who works in the restaurant industry in different types of environments (ranging from casual to fine dining), not ONCE did our server refill water. My husband got up to ask the bartender TWICE to refill water. No matter what type of restaurant you work in, failure to refill water is the first sign of poor service in this city. After Sergio asked if we wanted anything else, one person asked for the dessert menu, and was completely ignored. After a few moments, the check was dropped with a 20% automatic gratuity. I didn't have a chance to ask Sergio for the dessert menu because he disappeared, in which one of the members of my party decided that it was ok to not have dessert. A few moments later, we wrote on the back of the check the amounts per card via last name on the card. The check was picked by someone other than Sergio (whom I found out later was the "closing manager on duty") told us that only 4 cards could be run at a time. As a server I understand this policy, but this should be understood when the check is dropped, if at all, rather than once payment has been given to a server with writing on the back for easiest convenience. On a side note, it is my understanding that the IRS changed its auto gratuity for the country as of January 1st, 2014. I'm not sure if Limon is one of the few restaurants left in the city who sill charges auto gratuity, but they did. After a few minutes of debate, they ran the 6 cards for us.I assume the restaurant closed at 10, and we as a group hung out to talk for a bit. About 20-30 min after 10, the person who was originally the drink runner, came and cleared all the water glasses off the table. As a server, that is a HUGE no-no! You refill water until 2 am if you have to! Once we paid, we felt as if we were being pushed out, despite my husband getting up to ask for water AGAIN. I didn't want to say anything while my friend's guests were talking and enjoying their drinks and food, so after the water glasses were removed, I went upstairs to ask for a a manager. I found out the manager already went home for the night and the gentleman who removed our water glasses was the closing manager for the evening. I can't recall his name, however, I proceeded to explain our service throughout the evening. He told me that this wasn't fine dining service and that their style of service was casual. I angrily explained to him that I did not want compensation, but merely to point out how neglected we felt in certain instances and pushed out towards the end (which was 10:45 mind you). He apologized and offered the manager's card, but I'm not sure what good that would have done, so I politely refused.I hope they can fix the service because there is potential there. Sergio was nice, but forgot a few basic steps of service which ultimately impacted our experience. But the food and cocktails were great. I hope they figure it out so we can feel comfortable coming back.
The food was amazing. The service was on point with great recommendations. Definitely a must to-go place.
I came here for dinner last night and was very pleased. For my drink I got the Red Sangria, which was swimming with fruit and very refreshing. My favorite was the shrimp and fish ceviche- probably the best ceviche I've ever had! Instead of mincing fish and shrimp into tiny pieces beyond recognition they had large pieces of very fresh shrimp and fish! You can't miss out on the ceviche if you come here! The veggie empenada was also delicious, filled with a creamy pea and mushroom mixture. They served it with a sauce that made the whole thing a flavor explosion! We also shared have of the rotisserie chicken, which was juicy and flavorful with the 3 sauces they serve. As sides we got Yuca fries and Tacu-Tacu. The yuca fries were denser then regular fries but really tasty. The Tacu-tacu was just a rice and bean mixture that I could have done without. For dessert we split the mango panna cotta. It was creamy and delicious! As far as atmosphere and service, 5 stars!
I really want to give Limon 4.5 stars but, alas, that's not an option.I've now been to Limon twice and would definitely go back again. The food is mostly delicious (we had one miss on a salad but everything else was delicious, especially the chicken). The prices are very reasonable - shockingly reasonable for San Francisco. Aside from the not-so-good salad we ordered, the service was a little spotty. Other than those relatively minor drawbacks though, I've now had two very good and very reasonably priced meals at Limon. Looking forward to the next one!
This is review is for the sides and starters only. I didn't order the chicken, and perhaps that was my mistake. Everything was deep-fried. Deep frying can't be the only way Peruvians cook their non-roasted chicken foods. I'd love some variation--and more vegetables on the menu. Service was good. So was the sangria.
This is one of those reviews that u give a chance after chance and they just don't get it my wife and I go there to pick up food my wife it's been telling me for a long time how rude the host and the guy at the bar are every time I been kind of ignoring the problem but today did it my wife was so upset that we will not go there ever. It's a peruvian restaurant love the food but for me customer service goes a long way.
I have bee here many times.... Outstanding food and service! Love the ceviche mixto, chicaron de polo, yuca Frits and beef younger rock !!! Best Limon Resturant in SF hands down. Never a bad meal or drink, ever! Recommend to all who are in the mood for amazing food
Pros: delicious peruvian food, small family style plates, reasonably priced ($20 each for a party of 8), nice ambiance. The restaurant looks small when you enter, but there is also a downstairs area. Loved the rotisserie chicken, taku taku (mashed beans & rice), empanadas (specifically the veggie one), root salad (beets), and ceviche. All of the dipping sauces were good too. The sangria was YUM - really fruity.Cons: slow service, made a reservation but got seated 30 minutes later, had to flag down our server if we wanted anything, automatically charges a 20% gratuity if you have a party of 6 or more. Literally "family" style. They didn't give any extra serving spoons so we just dug in with our own forks. I didn't mind but just saying for all the germaphobes out there.
Food is awesome, not too many yummy veggie entrees, I ordered the sauted mushrooms, I thought hey were overpriced, almost $11 for no more than 8 button mushrooms. I was disappointed when I got my veggie entree. Everything else excellent!
We came here with another couple and their baby. We were a bit worried as they said that this place wasn't all that. Here's what we ordered - Ceviche Mixto - comprised of mixed shrimp, calamari, and fish. It was a good way to start the meal."Lomito" Saltado - it was just okay, nothing outstandingWhole Chicken - juicy and the sauces were excellentMac and cheese - delicious, must get. highly recommendedYucca fries - a bit small for the portionsOverall, it was a solid meal. We were pleasantly surprised that this turned out better than we had expected. Would come back again! Reasonably priced, our meal was $60 incl tax and tip!
This place is way expensive for what it is. The ceviche was 4/5 (by all means if you're here, order the ceviche), but the yucca fries weren't anything to write home about. I went with this, which I thought was going to be excellent food, over a more fun hip and happenin dinner spot (little baobab) my last night in SF, and was disappointed.
We had ceviche mixto, the special fried fish and the asado. Recommended by the our waiter Geraldo. We finish dinner with Banana bread pudding, carmel. Bottomline awesome cuisine! Service top and syncronized. My compliments to the chef! We will be back and recommend friends and family.
Okay, seriously?? What does everyone think the food is so good here? We tried the chicken and it was good, but no better than a chicken from Whole Foods or similar. The chimichurri (what I was REALLY craving) was so mediocre that I even stopped eating it. The mushrooms tasted like soy sauce (which our waiter explained was because of the huge Japanese influence in Peru, but there's an even huger Japanese influence in Brazil, and I've never tasted soy sauce in anything at a Brazilian restaurant). And the lomo saltado was also soy saucy and salty. The service was lovely, but that's about all I really liked...
Excellent cocktails. Great food that reminds me of my time in Peru. I usually avoid chicken because even if it is cooked well, it is bland and boring, and it's usually not cooked well! But their chicken is perfect and comes with great sauces to add even more fun flavor. All the food is pretty solid - nothing is disappointing. I have eaten here twice, once at the Valencia location and gotten takeout once. I rarely go to the same place three times (except my favorite taco shop, of course!) because there is just too much great stuff in my neighborhood that I still haven't gotten to after living here for two years. So the fact that I've eaten there four times in one year is pretty amazing. It's a combination of reliably good food and interesting/unusual food for a change of pace.
Great empanadas and ceviche, as well as Tacu- Tacu.The drinks are very hit or miss..
Came here on a Friday night, they were pretty busy but got two seats downstairs at the bar. Had a lychee pisco sour, which was delicious. Could barely taste the alcohol. My friend ordered an Ommegong beer (cool they have it here). Got chicken empanadas, which were very good and flavorful, and a 1/4 chicken entree. Didn't blow my mind away, but was pretty good and generously sized. Overall a good dining experience. Got two drinks, an appetizer, and an entree, ended up being $50 with tip. Didn't blow my mind away, but I'd come back again
Shut up. Listen to me. Stop talking, would you? Get the $20 roast chicken with two sides. This is what's known by those-in-the-know as a Good Deal. This chicken is as perfect as a roast chicken gets and once you get those Aji sauces involved... it's... oh, God, I'm drooling.Which two sides should you get, you ask? That's not for me to decide. They're all pretty respectable, but I always try to get the tacu tacu and some vegetables. Just about everything on this menu is tantalizingly delicious. I've never been disappointed.It's always busy there, so make a reservation. Particularly at this Van Ness location. Eating downstairs is infinitely preferable to the main floor, but no matter where you end up their array of pisco based cocktails will help soothe what ails you. That roast chicken will make you forget altogether.OK, now you can talk.Obligatory Title Pun: 'Cause you make me feel, like a pony/So good, LIMN LIMN-Y.Menu Readability: Very clear layout in a slab-serif typeface.Need to mention: Good for groups. In the Mission? Really!What this place teaches me about myself: Roast chicken could ease the inconvenience of my own murder.
Really great food at a reasonable price. Especially enjoyed the ensaladas and the rotisserie chicken. I was clean and the service quick and polite. What more could you ask for?
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Best Rotisserie Chicken EVER!!! I came here with a few girlfriends and we went to town with the menu! Very crowded place so I recommend making a reservations. Super fast service and great friendly waiters!What we devoured:-Shrimp Ceviche (cost extra but super worth it. Does not have that strong fishy taste)-Lomito - Traditional Peruvian dish of stir fried Top Sirloin Strips, onions, tomatoe and soy sauce and french fries ( LOTS OF FLAVORS!)-Seco De Costillas - Braised boneless beef short ribs with huacatay and cilantro.  (wow super tender beef!)-Truffle Mac and Cheese- (not a bad side dish)-Tacu Tacu (GREAT SIDE!)-Pollo a la Brasa (whole Chicken!) - chicken slowly roasted over open flame. Uh... YES give me a whole one! The best chicken in SF. I wanted to order another one to snack on later at home. This chicken is so flavorful! Perfect combination of crispy rotisserie skin on the outside, and savory and juicy on the inside. If this place was near my house, I would order this everyday!Super affordable meal. With all the food and drinks, came to be 35 bucks per person and there was only 4 of us. Great experience! Must go!
I know costco makes some bombdiggity rotisserie chicken but Limon's rotisserie chicken served along with a glass of their sangria wins it! I can't wait to go back to Limon again!- Ceviche De Pescado: a great refreshing starter - Carne Empanadas: Flaky dough and tasty filling but nothing to rave about. - Red Sangria: BEST SANGRIA! - Half Chicken w/ mixed veggies & salad: Chicken was coated in a very flavorful spice rub. Although I did notice some pieces were a bit dry, the drier pieces won't bother you when you pair it with the different sauces served on the side. Overall, a winner. The veggies and salad sides are good sized portions and very flavorful as well.The very bestest part was how we just walked in randomly and was seated immediately for dinner on a Saturday at 7pm. Winner winner chicken dinner indeed! =)
Ceviche = 5 stars. A must order. Can that just be my entire meal? Don't judge me. Also go the chicken (great with the sauces), the sweet potato fries (always a fan of these), the tacu tacu (okay), the lomito (tasty, and great with the fries), and Sangria. I haven't had amazing ceviche since Cabo, but the ones here are really good. Definitely want to go back and try some of the other flavors.
I have been on the hunt for some quality Peruvian food since eating it for the first time 4 years ago. (Corollary: Check out Inka Grill in Costa Mesa [socal] if you are ever there... their Peruvian green sauce is equivalent to the Mexican "orange sauce" they serve at La Vics). Food: Trio sauces: Chimichurri (middle) had a herby tang to it. Combined with the other two pepper sauces they make an excellent dip for the chicken and other meats. I realized the 'green sauce' that Inka Grill served was a combination of all three. Really hits the palette! Chicarron: they claim it's the "Limon Favorite", but I thought it was just okay. It was good, but I don't feel it deserved the 'favorite' tag. Saltado: Ever had a craving for a particular food and satisfying that craving? That is what it was like for the Saltado!! This is a MUST HAVE as a Peruvian dish. Rotisserie Chicken: Chicken cooked to juiciness and softness perfection. Dip in the trio sauce!Truffle Mac and Cheese: Delicious Mac and Cheese cooked in thick sauce. Tacu Tacu: Lots of Yelp reviews claim this is good, but to be honest it was just rice that could be found in the middle of any South American burrito. Service: Water (which I blow through very fast) was constantly replenished. Service was great.Overall, I have no complaints about this place. Decent price for the money too! Peruvian food is too underrated!
Came for lunch on a weekday at 1 PM--we were party of two and were "forced" to sit at a cramped table for two despite there being four tables of four unoccupied.  This included several tables for two which could be separated if needed. Waiter claimed they had multiple reservations waiting to arrive for those tables. Hard to believe on a rainy weekday. Sure enough, three of those foursome tables were unoccupied still as we left. Waiter just shrugged.Food was good but way over salted on all dishes ordered--ceviche mixto, lomo saltado, and short ribs. Avoid if you have high blood pressure. Server will also attempt to upsell you on drinks.
I love Limon. Do it right by getting the whole chicken. Expect a wait but it's worth it.
I think this place is where it's at if you like chicken. My boyfriend only eats seafood so we didn't get chicken. I think it was way overpriced for what you get. The seafood entrees are way too $$ for the quality and size. The yucca fries are ok but no dipping sauce. Also no bread. You need to drop a good $60 if you want to get full on non-chicken things.I would give it another chance if I went with someone to get the chicken deal. Also the service was quite good and they have a full bar.
My wife and I went there went there with a reservation. We arrived 10mins early and were sitting at our table downstairs right on time. It was kind of dark and loud but the service quality and the food was great. We brought our own wine so they charge $15 corkage fee which is okay I believe.
Went last night for dinner (party of 2).Had PISCO SOURS for drinks - very tasty, like limoncello. Server apologised for taking a while to get to us. it looked like he was one of only two for the whole place, but this was a long weekend so it was probably busier than usual.Ordered the HALF CHICKEN with CAMOTE FRITO and VEGETALES SALTEADOS as sides, and the JALEA and CHAMPINONES (mushrooms) hot plates.The kitchen lost our order but the server was very nice and got us more drinks.Chicken was excellent especially with the sauces. The Jalea was presented nicely, but was basically deep-fried seafood - nothing too spectacular. Everything tasted fine in sort of a simple, homestyle way.
My family and I were very disappointed by this place. Out food portions were not even considered gourmet style but almost insulting. One small plate of ceviche with an amt of the size of my palm was around $12. The lomo saltado did not come with rice, so we had to pay for it to come on the side. The staff was okay. They only checked on us once. You know it's not a good place to eat when a family of 4 shares 5 plates, spends well over $100 and leaves still hungry. Never going back to this place.
Came here for a lunch meeting a few weeks ago. Made reservations to be safe, but it didn't seem too busy during lunchtime. We had the ceviche mixto, which was really good, but agreed that the fish was the best part of the dish. We also ordered the ensalada rusa, which we really enjoyed. The highlight of the meal was obviously their rotisserie chicken - since there were only 2 of us, we only ordered the quarter (white meat) to share. The chicken was very well seasoned, tender and juicy, and served with 3 different sauces that complemented the meat very well. The yucca fries were a really good side to go with the chicken. My colleague and I ended up separately returning the week after with other friends.
Meh.. unimpressed. Food very greasy drinks absolutely nothing to write home about. Most likely will not return
A solid spot for some slightly fancy Peruvian. Chicken was really moist, flavor could've been better (but I'm a little spoiled with Peruvian chicken in DC/Virginia). The yuca was delicious, but a very tiny side. The rice and bean side was also delicious. Also tried a ceviche, chicharron de pollo, and the lomo saltado, all of which were tasty enough. Was pleased overall, not too pricey (but for what it is should be cheaper), and filled us up. Only problem I had really was with the drinks. Mine was pretty good, but the other 4 that my party ordered were just ok (one was terrible).
It's been a couple of disappointing trips in a row, so I can regretfully report that Limon is going downhill. Prices have gone up and two of the best dishes on the menu - the pork ribs and the skirt steak - are now gone. Yet somehow the dry, bland, and utterly disappointing short beef ribs remain. The paella is a nice addition - very salty though (be warned). Tonight in particular, the vegetales salteados were undercooked and bland. Quality slipping, prices rising... it's a bad trend.
Limn Rotisserie is a restaurant that provides great flavorful dishes. Tender juicy chicken roasted to perfection. Also love their Ceviche Mixto, its fresh and spicy to a tolerable degree. Their Vegetales salteados are so good too. Overall all the food I've had here and their other restaurants around the city are great. There has been a few times where servers have been ether distracted or overwhelmed because they took way too long to come by and check if we needed anything and forgot we had asked for more things. I made sure to let them know, just to they can be aware of it and perhaps better in that aspect for future customers.
More like 3.5 stars. This was the first time my finance and I ate Peruvian food. A friend recommended Limon to us as being "nice laid back ambience, delicious food, having many small plates to try." The ambience at Limon is laid back with cute modern decor, good background music and had a cozy feeling to it. The food is good but it was not anything special, the desserts were much better as they seem to make everything fresh. The plates were definitely small, but I can't fault the place as they serve tapes style entrees, which by definition is small plates. We came here for lunch and was able to get a table easily. There is only street parking around this location and I considered parking hard to find as every street looked full. Their might be more spaces during the evening or on weekdays but the restaurant is in a residential area. Some of the reviews mention coming in groups. I would think your groups are small, as this restaurant seems to better cater to couples or groups of four or less, unless there is another room somewhere in the back. For your value, order the chicken meal. The half-chicken meal and full chicken meals seems to be the largest sized portion at Limon. If you are looking to leave with a full, heavy appetite then you will probably feel disappointed. This place is perfect for a light lunch or dinner, possibly even an expensive snack for the heavy eaters. We ordered the Carne Empanada, Chicharron de pollo, Carne a la Parilla, and an order of sweet potato fries. The entrees all looked appealing as they were nicely decorated on the plates. Presentation really seemed to matter, except for the chicken special. I guess you can't really fancy up roasted chicken. First, to arrive was the order of sweet potato fries and a pair of Carne Empanadas. Sweet potato fries was good, lightly salted, crispy on the outside and was enough to share with another person. The empanadas were good and had plenty of steak but the size is about two and a half mouth sized bites big. I could have finished both off with no trouble as an appetizer. I was taken aback by the plate size of the Chicharron de pollo as it was small. The plate seemed enough for me alone and I was kind of expecting the chicken to be the size of their special pollo plate. The size was equivalent to a large breast piece served at KFC. The chicken seemed to be fried two times, where the skin was crispy on the outside and the meat was tender on the inside but not juicy. The Carne a la Parilla was skirt steak with some type of tasty wine sauce served next to a Taku Taku, which happens to be rice and beans mashed together, lightly floured on the outside and deep-fried. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium.Finally, we ordered dessert, which happened to be the best part of the meal. It took a while for the dessert to arrive and I think they make it fresh. We ordered what seem to bite size cream puffs with fresh cream in the middle, drizzled with caramel and cream sauce. Super yummy and can see myself ordering this again. Overall, the meal was light and kind of on the pricey side for lunch prices per couple. It's about $20 per person after tax and tip. Since I'm not from the area I probably wouldn't be back but it was a good experience. The service was good as water glasses were refilled when empty and plates were removed when done. There was no long wait time or having to waive down anyone. Summary:Pluses: Good freshly made desserts, good service, fresh and tasty food, great presentation on food, light lunch. Minuses: Street parking, price (price vs. portion size ratio), tapes style (individual snack sizes to share).
This place is a must try if you're in the city and feel like Peruvian food great seafood dishes and cocktails.
I can dig.I dig I dig.I dig.Try it!Overall a great experience, my waiter was awesome, the setting was hip, and the food was great. Made an opentable reservation and was seated right away.Do eet.
3 stars for the Pollo a la Brasa (I'm Peruvian and this isnt my first time at the rodeo - Limon has got this salty rotisserie chicken nailed down), and a fourth star for the Blue Eyed bartender. Cant remember his name for the life of me, but he was knowledgeable and friendly. The owners took him to Peru to first-hand experience the delicacies of the land, and the payoff was worth it. He knows his business.Also the ceviche is good, and the downstairs lounge is a fun twist.I deducted 1 star because the Lomo could have been way better and the empanadas were not fully edible (peeled off the outer shell which was fried - empanadas are not fried, they're baked!!!)In a city of shitty servers, here is a good batch, and yummy peruvian food to boot. Although how come there is no Papa a la Huancaina on the menu?! A Peruvian staple! I'll definitely be back.
I'm not sure why this place is so hyped up, the food is not 4 star worthy, we got the whole chicken with was good but I can basically get the same damn thing at Costco for 5.99. We had 4 adult with 2 infants and we were still charged for gratuity for 6 adults. And it's not even 18% they automatically charge you 20% for poor service. So basically they can treat you like shit and still get a fat tip. Pretty upset about this place.
Love limon ! So delicious! There food is amazing down to sides, plates and desserts. I recommend everyone to go if they are in need of good food !!
Que lindo pollo! I just came back from Peru, sampling the chickens of many pollo a la brasa (rotisserie chicken) joints. Even renowned ones. And my guy and I still didn't find anything we liked as much as good ol' Limon. Is it authentic? I'd say the chicken and sauces are even better than the real deal. Also, if you're a beef lover, get the anticucho de res. Yes, it's beef heart. No, you will not feel like Daenerys Targaryen ingesting a stallion heart. It's a pure shot of intense grilled beefiness. My sister likened its taste and tender texture to filet mignon. The ceviche is also very fresh and delicious, and prices are super reasonable. Now they just have to add guinea pig to the menu.
Bday dinner gathering with the friends, definitely super busy on the weekends even with reservations. service was poor, took us forever to get our food and the waiter we had keeps making mistakes, instead of serving us water he accidently tip over 2 glasses of water and giving us baths in the seat. If youre here with a group best to decide among the group what they want or pick because they also have another menu that has set tapas and shows how much it will be per person if everyone cant decide, definitely get the chicken its by far the best on the menu and everything else is ok. So back to the service, plan on what to eat and get everything order from the waiter than or prepare for a long night of waiting and getting service if everyone is hungry!Enjoy!
The food was great, could have been bigger. The biggest issue was service.I asked for a refill on the ice tea and never got it, wasn't a little busy for a Sunday @ 2 pm. The staff are all crossed trained I guess because different people kept coming to the table, we had the bartender, the server and another server. I asked for spicy sauce and it never came, asked for it again and then brought over two and changed me for two, what the heck. The hostesses was busy looking at the walls and looked alarmed when I flagged her down to get water. I guess you need a tat to work here? Kind of tacky.
came with 12 people and when I made the reservation they didn't mention anything about prefix course. I guess it's not required. and there was also no mention of needing at least 8 out of 12 people to be seated when I made the reservation. I think I would've appreciated if I was informed when I was making the reservation over the phone. I think their policy is fine, but not informing the customers ahead of time is not really appreciated. The hostess/manager said they inform everyone making reservation about it, but I guess they missed me? We ordered quickly once we were seated, 15minutes later. Everything went pretty smoothly after we were seated. I was a bit surprised when they showed me the prefix menu. I was not told that I HAD to order from that and the server was understanding and let us order from the regular menu. It was my first time here. the chicken was delicious and shared a pitcher of sangria. Also, got some enpanadas in assorted flavors. My second favorite (#1 is obviously the chicken) is the mac n cheese. random, but so good :) I think that's all I ate that night. The server was very attentive and helpful. It was very loud in the basement, as there were multiple big parties in the same room. I would recommend it for big groups as long as you are aware that you need a majority of your party there to be seated and you may need to order from prefix menu.
Tried several dishes and food is better in my opinion than in Peru. Super tasty and reasonable portions. Staff very friendly.
the chicken is what they are known for but I though it was a little dry, the pulpo and shrimp ceviche was really good though. And make sure you order more then 2 plates if your hungry! Although the service is not the best I would go back
One of my favorite peruvian restaurants had gone down on my list. We decided to go on Sunday at around 2:30 thinking it will be perfect....not a busy time, which it was the case. It took forever to get a drink, then we got the "yucca" (turned out to be the best dish of the day) but they failed to bring the sauces....we waited and waited, I asked the hostess, the bus boy, the waiter was nowhere to be seen...The ceviche was overcooked in limon, the chicharron de pollo...my gosh, was burned beyond recognition, when I asked the waiter, he said that's the way is supposed to be no way....that was "chicharron quemado"the lomo saltado my husband's favorite was too salty.In general thumbs down...service was terrible, one waiter even at that time is not enough. Not a good experience. Too bad.
I had the pleasure of coming in here when my friend was visiting and was willing to indulge and go somewhere a little pricey considering we are in the Mission and $10 is consider pricey. It's a small little place that I walk by coming home from work and it always stood out because the place look way too fancy inside.This is what we had:Ceviche Mixto: I love fish, I love raw, and I love it when it's ceviche. If you don't like the fishy taste then don't get this. It's slimey goodness.Lomito Saltado: it's grilled beef steak. can't really mess up on itChicharron de pollo: tender as heck but i just can't get over the fact I can get way more quantity and just as good quality in a hole in the wall Filipino placeTacu Tacu: I ordered it and wanted to see what it was. It's rice...and yet delicious!Pisco Morado: it's sweet, but not too much liquor which is a bad thing for me. I got it just because I didn't know what most of the ingriedients wereSo why the 3 stars? While the decor is nice and I didn't have any problem with the wait staff or anything to gripe about with the food, it is because I can find cheaper variations of these things and just as good. It's overprice and going once to try it out is enough. All I can tell you is I was still hungry when i walked out. I needed about another lb of chicharron and maybe three more bowls of rice (yes I eat a lot).
Limn has delicious food. Their rotisserie chicken is some of the juiciest I've ever had. They've also got great ceviche and lomo saltado. I highly recommend the truffle mac and cheese. It's very creamy, but is rich as well. And if you're an Inca Cola fan, your in luck! They've got inca cola as well as chicha morada.
Yummy skirt steak and mango panna cotta. Friendly service.
I am a pretty big fan of this place. They have excellent service, a nice atmosphere, and some quality items. My favorites were the ceviche (with shrimp), the paella (a good mix of flavors and saltiness), and the sangria! The chicken was a little dry for me, and the stewed meat was a little overcooked and dry as well.Overall I was a fan of most of the items but some kept me from giving it a 5
I agree that their dishes are all delicious and I've been back multiple times. The dishes I always get are the tuna tar tar, and their truffle mac and cheese. If you come here for the first time, be sure to try their chicken!! My favorite of the sides are the yucca fries since they're so fluffy.However, I somehow had room for dessert the last time around and all I have to say is if you don't try their warm Chocolate Bandido chocolate cake, you're missing out on life. Seriously, it is like velvet chocolatey goodness melting in your mouth and I didn't want it to end.They really know how to bring you back for more, and I can;t wait to have an excuse to go out and try more things on their menu!
On our first visit to this restaurant, we scored the large table right in front of the wide window at the front of the restaurant. There were 8 of us dining on this visit and the host was kind enough to seat us there versus the back area of the restaurant. If you are going with a large group, it's advisable to make reservations as we did. Also ask what tables are available for your large group reservation in case you don't like where they might seat you. They are very accommodating in this respect.We ordered the following for our group:Pollo a la Brasa - their free range chicken rotisserie style with two sides of your choice and the trio of "Aji" sauces. Additional sauces can be added for $1.50 per trio. We ordered two whole chickens for our group. The chickens were tender and moist and full of flavor!Ensalada Mixta - organic mixed greens, cucumbers and radishes tossed in their rocoto balsamic dressing - a refreshing salad and I really liked the flavor of the rocoto balsamic dressing"Lomito" Saltado - traditional Peruvian dish of stir fried top sirloin tips, onions, tomato & soy sauce, served with fries - this was a hit with our group as the top sirloin tips were tender and very moistChicharron de Pollo - crispy pieces of chicken marinated in soy sauce, garlic & aji Amarillo, served with salsa criolla - another hit with our group as the crispy marinated chicken was cooked perfectly with the salsa criolla serving as another flavor enhancerSeco de Costillas - braised boneless beef short ribs with huacatay & cilantro, served with potato, carrot and English peas - everyone loved this dish as the braised boneless beef short ribs were very tender and I especially like the addition of the veggiesPapas fritas - under the "sides" section, we ordered three plates of this and they are delicious.They do have an extensive list of alcoholic drinks and for those who do not drink such, there is a small list of non-alcoholic beverages to choose from.This is not a "quiet" restaurant but a lively one where you can go and enjoy the company at your table and then some!Subsequent visits proved to be the same delightful experience!
Stumbled upon this place by accident, and we were hungry so we thought hey why not give it a shot. The ambiance is lovely inside, and we were quite surprised that there was a whole other downstairs seating area complete with a full bar! We both ordered the Pollo a la brasa, and omg I think it was the best chicken I've ever had at a restaurant (sorry but NO ONE beats my Aunt's lemon pepper wings ;)) and it was a very reasonable price as well complete with your choice of two sides. I recommend the Tacu Tacu as a side for sure, and the sweet potato fries were quite good as well. OH YEAH and the sauces the chicken comes with are crazy good, we had some left so we had them pack it to go haha. Definitely check this place out!
This is a really fun place to go with a group. You can share a bunch of dishes and sangria, and talk as loud as you wish (especially down in the basement). I really like the ceviche and ensalada rusa.  The chicken is delicious as per my friends (I'm a pescetarian). Although after being there for twice, I found the menu lack a bit of variety. Tip: If you don't want to wait, try the 3rd street location!
I love this place! The food was great..chicken was way better than expected. I just wish the service was better. The waitress practically threw our bill on the table. We had to ask for water refills and such. But the food was so outstanding I am willing to let it go, and that says a lot.
Honestly, this place is the best. My boyfriend and I adore limon. There isn't an instance when either of us has suggested limon and the other said no. The rotisserie chicken is AH-MAZING. Don't come if you're not going to get it. You're going to look crazy if you don't have any chicken on your table.So the rotisserie chicken is an obvious must. It comes with two sides. I get one and my boyfriend gets one. I always get the sauted veggies and he flip flops between rice or French fries. Also, get the hanger steak. That comes with tacu tacu (ask for extra onions). So now you've got tacu tacu, veggies, and the rice/fries! I prefer the hanger steak but OCCASIONALLY we will get the lomito saltado to accommodate my bf. (but who are we kidding?? I'M the one who lives to eat!) I prefer the hanger steak.We also love the truffle Mac and cheese. I liked the beet potato salad. Unfortunately, the bf wasn't even remotely interested in trying it. I always want to order ceviche but he doesn't eat seafood so I'm always too scared to order it!Don't forget your yummy glass of sangria!
Great Food. Came here with some friends when I was in town and had the carne asada. It came out really well and had a nice demi-glaze sauce over it. The portions were a bit small though, but everything tasted great!
I made reservations for a friends birthday party. Our group of 15 got seated downstairs in the corner and in the beginning our server was very attentive. He took our order and our food came fairly fast. For the most part we enjoyed everything we ordered. Ahi tuna could of been a little more fresh. My favorite dishes were the truffle Mac and cheese and the Lomito Saltado. After we receieved the food our server disappeared for over 40 minutes and no one bothered to check up on us. My friend had to flag him down so he could help us snap a quick picture. Our server disappeared so fast that we couldn't even ask him for the check. A random waiter walked by and we asked for our check and he was super rude and told us he'll give us the check after he clears our table. He took an additional 10 minutes to clean the table and 5 extra minutes to deliver the check. We finally payed and left. The food was pretty good but don't think I'll come back again.
Second time here at Limon and I was very excited to celebrate my birthday here tonight with great friends but I was highly disappointed. I had reservations at 7pm and was seated promptly upon arrival. There was no service for the first 15 minutes, not even water offered. By the time the server came, it was for water and then he quickly disappeared. It was so hard to find the server to order food and by the time we were able to catch him, it was 7:40pm. I understand that it was a full house but to charge 20% gratuity on a party of 7 and not even be available to ask for refill on water is unacceptable. It was so difficult to even pay the bill and leave since we couldn't find our server. This is not the kind of service I expect from this restaurant. The server did not even say more than 15 words the whole time we were there because he was so busy with other tables! I only gave one star because the food was great but I will not be back here again because I feel like I was ripped off from the service. Don't come here if you have a big party! You will be more frustrated than happy I promise.
Delicious, delightfully greasy, tender, well seasoned rotisserie chickens! I kind of wished that they did the same treatment with guennia pigs. But, I don't think the American palate is ready for it. I would eat the hell out of those cute, little, buck toothed pigs! But, I digress. Delicious sides including green/yellow beans, fries (both frenchy and sweet potater variety). I didn't really dig their Mac and cheese. I like yellow mac with a crispy, browned top. These are more bchamel style with truffle oil. Fantastic value!! 44 dollars for a giant chicken, three sides and a beer.
I just love this place! The food is delicious, the Yuca Fries and the Lomito Saltado are the best for me! And if you want to enjoy a dessert go with Chocolate Bandido, it's amazing!
Get the whole chicken, or you'll spend the rest of the evening wallowing in regret. If you really don't manage to devour it on the premises, it will make a superb snack for later.The beans and rice are wonderful, way different from anything I've ever had before. The salads are bright, fresh, and beautifully composed.The staff is charming, although almost disturbingly svelt and casually elegant -- really, our waiter had to tuck his belt in the center back loop of his pants.Added bonus, off-street parking.
It's ok. Not superb, but not underwhelming. I've never gone to any of the Limons and I've always mentioned "oh there's Limon" when we drove by. So, since we were in the neighborhood, we decided to check it out. The ceviche is fishy when we first got it. After it soaked in the juice for awhile, the fishiness went away (and thus was more edible). The rusa or rosa salad was yummy. It had beets, potatoes, peas and those large corn with a delicious dressing. The rotisserie chicken was good and it comes with two sides. The vegetable side was ok but the string beans were a bit soggy. The yuka fries were ok, but nothing special. Service was good. Only thing is that they burned something while we are there (maybe a chicken?) and the whole place filled up with smoke. I now smell like burned smoke...
Came her with a large group on a Saturday night and it was PACKED! Good thing we made reservations, but unfortunately, we still had to wait for 40 minutes before being seated. They brought us downstairs where it was a lot quieter, but still packed. The food was okay, service was slow though. We ordered a variety of small dishes to share. My favorites were the mac n cheese and the ceviche. Ceviche was amazing! Empanadas weren't bad either. Our main course...the chicken was just okay. Honestly, it's comparable to the rotisserie from Costco. Don't be mad because I said what everyone else was thinking. I'd definitely come here for the small plates and the desssert. That's about it.
Good
Good
My first of many dining Peruvian dining experiences, Limon Rotisserie is known for their amazing Chicken Rotisserie entree and sangria. I've had a lot of their stuff and I can't really complain about any!Sangria - This wasn't a change-your-life kind of drink but it was fruity with just the right amount of kick that will hit you later.Ceviche Mixto - The seafood was very fresh and zesty, perfect ceviche!Lomito Saltado - A staple Peruvian dish served with fat-sized fries and very tender, melt-in-your-mouth sirloin strips.Antichuchos de Res - My favorite Limon dish, hands down. Beef heart sounds disgusting but this tasted so flavorful and was so easy to chew. I want more. Chicharron de Pollo & Carne a la Parrilla - Two more great small plates, one chicken and another beef. Honestly, I don't think that there is a bad dish at Limon. Like many Peruvian restaurants, this is family-style and small plates. It can get pricey so it'd be a good place for special occasions or meetings. The one on Van Ness is cheaper and has a downstairs while the one on Valencia is a bit more expensive I've heard.
Absolutely love this place! The food takes me back to my visit to Peru, el pollo a la brasa is tasty and tender the aji sauces go perfectly. I introduced the restaurant to two friends Saturday night and their favorite dish was the lomito. My absolute fave is the ceviche mixto.. oooh that liche de tigre is sooooo delish! Desert was a hit, the bandido was warm and perfectly matched with vanilla ice cream. The mango panna cota is light and perfect way to end the night....well of course perhaps the sangria might be a better choice to end he night. all in all, one of my favorite restaurants. My firend "now one of my favorite restuarnats too'! Thank you Martin
I just returned from a three month trip to Peru, so my expectations for Peruvian food is very high. This restaurant always exceeds my expectations. +pollo a la brasa+yuka fries+chimichurri sauce+knowledgeable and friendly waitstaff-long wait-not a huge fan of the salad
Yeah, the chicken is pretty damn good. I could eat this every day.Our group also enjoyed the snapper ceviche, beet salad, and a bunch of other things but those stood out.There are a number of Peruvian places around but this place has some amazing staples and offers a great way to sample lots of different dishes. But I guess that's why tapas is awesome.Great atmosphere to have dinner with a group of 4 friends. Any larger of a group and it may be challenging to get seated.
Limon is simply amazing. Having been to Peru a few months ago, I was excited to try Limon while visiting San Francisco at the recommendation of friend. But first, the meh: the pisco sour is just meh, the muracaya pisco with passionfruit is where it's at. For the good:Ceviche: delicious and mouthwatering though I wish they had more of the non-seafood elements like the sweet potato and corn which are integral to the ceviche in PeruEmpanada: we got the veggie; it was outstanding, best empanada everChampignones...: UH-MAZING; not like anything I ate in Peru but in a savory broth with onions, you'll want a starch to help soak it up, we kept expecting rice, which would be good or like we did, eat it with yucca or sweet potato friesTruffle mac n' cheese: heavenly; though not a Peruvian dish in the least and very much whyisthisevenonhere but good hell it's so good I don't care.Service was decent, our waitress was sweet but they seemed incredibly stressed out by their own popularity, I thought the hostess was going to walk off the job. The space is a little stressful, there is no indoor waiting area so people end up literally hovering over the tables immediately near the entrance. If I'd been seated there, I think I'd refuse and wait for another table, it was far too chaotic. Luckily the quality of the food saved it. I would highly recommend coming on a weeknight so as to avoid the madness and focus on the food.
We visited for Saturday lunch. As a couple who dine out frequently, 4-5 times a week, we are always looking for that perfect blend of simple flavor quality, the freshest ingredients, balanced portions, authenticity and of course visual appeal. I'm very happy to say Limon has it all and more. (Imaginative cocktails, well stocked bar, decent wine list, excellent service and comfortable, if simple, surroundings.) Superb roasted chicken, excellent queso empanadas.......we shall return.
4.5 stars. I recently came here for dinner w/ a friend on a weeknight. I had heard so many good things about this place so I was super excited to try it. We ordered the half chicken w/ yuca frita and veggies as sides, ceviche mixto, and carne a la parrilla to share.Everything was AMAZING! The chicken was so juicy and tender and nicely flavored; the ceviche was just the right amount of citrus for a nice bite; and the steak with the red wine sauce was yummy (and I don't even normally eat red meat). We also ordered sangria -- nice and fruity! I can't wait to go back to try some of their other menu items :)-L.
Horrible service, horrible people, horrible crowd. My experience at limon wasn't very good, and I hope that if you have a night in San Fransisco where you are dying of hunger DO NOT come here. The manager by the way is a total bitch and should not be working here because she is teaching poor mannered workers and hostess. Don't listen to the wait time because it's a lie, you will be waiting for hours. Food wasn't worth it at all. Customer service is shit
Good eats. Ceviche is delicious, chicken pretty good too. I've very much enjoyed the couple times I've been here.
The food was pretty good. I had the paella. I'm not a rich man by any means. I'm only 20 years old. It was my moms birthday and I wanted to treat her out. I brought my mom, sister and brother. My siblings got lomo soltado and my mom got the special of the day. We all got something to drink. I did the math and I figured I'd be spending a good $80 which was fine. Even $100 would've been fine, but it was $119.27. I was kinda shocked, but still paid the bill, didn't make a fuzz especially in front of my mom and tipped $20. I feel like a fool now looking over the receipt and seeing that they already charged me a tip in the bill as a service and some other unclear service which was an extra $12. Maybe when I make more money than I know what to do with I'll come back, but I was disappointed with my experience there. Like I said most of the food was good even if the presentation wasn't quite there and a lot of it was a little too salty. But there were also this group of 6 girls who were obnoxiously loud and we had to ask the waiter if they could tell them to keep it down a bit. They didn't do anything. And they rushed us the while time we were there. I hate this place.
Pricey but worth it. I went here with coworkers and got to taste a bunch of different dishes, every one of which was perfect: the chicken, the yucca fries (which I thought I'd hate), the empanadas, the mixed veggies, right down to the dipping sauces. The sangria was good, too; not too sweet, like most.A few weeks ago, I wanted roasted chicken in the Mission and chose Regalito by a narrow margin. I won't be making that mistake again.
So our friend came up to visit for a couple months ago and we were up in the city to party. We didnt want to have anything super heavy and I noticed a lot of the dishes here were smaller portions. Saw the great reviews here so we thought to give it a try.I remember ordering the mixed ceviche and their popular free range chicken dish. I felt like the meal was nothing special, decent at best. Prices werent bad either and the atmosphere of the restaurant gets pretty packed upstairs, good thing we got seating downstairs. Would I go back? Probably not! I rather go to a traditional Peruvian restaurant and get my eat on!
We had a reservation for 5 people and when we arrived at the restaurant the hostess (short and husky) was very rude and refused to sit us down at the table until the 5 of us were physically at the restaurant. At that time, we were 3 people and the remaining 2 were looking for parking. What a dump!
Awesome Peruvian food for a great price. For our party of 3, we shared the dishes below:Lots of SANGRIA - $6/glass - a good amount of red wine without being watered down with ice and fruit.POLLO A BASURA was deliciously tender and moist - coming with 3 sauces and 2 sides. Whole bird for $20 (or half for $12). For our sides, we got: a) TACU-TACU was a delicious blend of rice/beans. And not your traditional rice and bean platter.  b) SWEET POTATO FRIES were crisp and deliciously flavored. CEVICHE LOMITO SALTADO $12 - Can't go to a Peruvian restaurant without getting this classic! Theirs was very tender and juicy, full of spice and flavors.BEEF SKEWERSTRUFFLE MAC AND CHEESE $7 - delicious without being overpowered All this plus coffee and tea for three - for $30. Awesome!!! Warning: It can get really obnoxiously loud when busy. I was screaming to be heard by the time we left and wound up with a hoarse voice.
3.5 stars (almost)!Sorry to say, but a bit overrated. Don't get me wrong, the food was decent, but it's nothing worth of 4+ stars (nothing I would crave for frequently). My friend and I came on a Friday afternoon and I must say that the restaurant was pretty full, so I thought that this place looked promising! Parking wasn't too bad, found a spot one block away within 5 minutes. The waitress was very nice, but almost seated us at a table that someone was already at (honest mistake, I wouldn't have thought someone sat there either!) Restaurant was nice and clean, and nice open kitchen so you can see all the rotisserie chicken spinning in the oven! We ordered:1. Half rotisserie chickenThe chicken was okay, but nothing to rave about. My friend said it tasted like the Costco chicken.. lol. The three sauces that came with it made the chicken slightly better though. However, parts of the chicken was dry and overall was on the salty part - no bueno. I may be more sensitive to saltiness than the average person, but it was pretty salty indeed..2. Side of sweet potato friesYum, enjoyed this a lot! Wish the portion was larger! :)3. Side of yuca friesThe waitress recommended this, so we decided to try something new! I would pass on this though.. Wannabe french fries, but not quite. Less water content and more starchy than a potato. 4. Lomito SaltadoFlavors were executed well, but again, TOO MUCH SALT! This dish was overly salty, especially the fries, which soaked up all the juices that made it super soggy as well. I asked for medium, and I think they gave us medium well since some of the sirloin pieces were tough. Overall, decent place to try, but wouldn't be coming back anytime soon... The portions are average. For the two of us, we left stuffed and took home 1/3 of the lomito saltado and had some sides left over. However, I don't think it would be enough food for three.
Review for service only.TERRIBLE service tonight (11/10/13). Hostess completely overlooked us; then it took the server 10 minutes to come and take our order.
I'd definitely head back to Limon. A friend and I had dinner here last Tuesday. At first we were escorted into the basement to eat, and I was disappointed that we wouldn't get any of the early-evening sunlight. The downstairs decor wasn't that bad, and we had a good deal of privacy.We split a half-chicken, ceviche, sides of vegetables and yucca fries, and a hangar steak plate. I don't get the sense that they were made to order, as the food came out just a couple of minutes after we ordered. Didn't matter. The chicken was perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. The yucca fries weren't gross-out fried, and the steak's red-wine sauce complimented the meat well. For dessert we split a chocolate cake wearing some kind of cookie/toffee-ish hat. It was delicious, and I'm not normally a dessert guy.We each ordered two pisco drinks. My first was mixed with tequila, the second with whiskey. Both managed to be refreshing without tasting too over-sweet or overwhelmed by fruit juice flavor.Good value for the money. $55 per person after tax and tip. As I said, I'd definitely be back.
What a great find! - The ceviche de pescado was extremely good. It's hard to find ceviche in the U.S. that has enough heat to it via aji. Very, very nice.- The chicken, along with the three sauces, was excellent. Tender and flavorful.- The short ribs were good, but not spectacular. Not salty enough in my opinion.- The panna cotta was amazing. The mango, strawberry, and the overall creamy and delicate sweetness were perfect.The only ding is that this place isn't easy for me to get to. Otherwise, I'd be a regular. Great food at great prices.
Awesome mushrooms, the cheese empanada was amaze-balls, and the sauces with the chicken to die for. Definitely to need try this place!
My fiance and I had dinner here and ordered a bunch of dishes. We were very excited because of the high rating and reviews. I made reservation and we did not have to wait. The ambiance is very good; lights were dim and it had a very hip flow to the place. We sat next to the kitchen and can hear the hustling and bustling. The waiter was very nice--great service. He even told us that we may want to hold off on ordering more food because what we ordered was a lot. We ordered: half chicken (with 3 fantastic sauces) with the vegetable sides and beans/rice, tartar tuna, truffle mac & cheese, and a steak/vegetable dish. Of course, we also had drinks. I forgot the name of my drink but it was sour (which helped me open my appetite to eat the foods) and my fiance ordered a pisco sour. We ate the tartar tuna as starter and it was amazing. I think it has sesame oil in it because I can taste and smell it when I put it in my mouth. The root chips (taro?) complemented the tuna very well. I know tuna may have high mercury content, but I think it's worth it to be poisoned for a day.Next, the chicken came out--boy was I amazed when I put the first bite of the chicken in my mouth! I don't usually like chicken because I think it's bland and it's nothing special. However, the chicken here is incredible. The spices and marination of the chicken are what made the chicken so special. In addition, the three sauces added a flare to the taste. My fiance and I couldn't stop saying " this is soo good. this is soo good." The half chicken was cut into four pieces and he had two while I had one. I swear I could have finished the last piece if it wasn't for the mac & cheese. Talking about the mac & cheese, it literally melted in my mouth because it was so good. I kept telling my fiance "more, more, and more" of the mac & cheese on my plate. It was very creamy and fluffy. Very comforting and easy to eat. It went very well with the DELICIOUS chicken. Overall, I loved everything except the steak/vegetable dish. Fiance ordered it because he's a fan of beef dishes. We hardly touched it because we were both so full. We will return and I have no doubt we will continue to chant "this is soo good. this is soo good" when we eat again.
Great comfortable atmosphere! I was able to try the "Lomito" Saltado (Great), Chicharron de Pollo (Very Tasty), Seco de Costillas (Very Tender!) we also got some Rice to soak up the tasty juices and tried the Trio Aji Sauces with some Papas Fritas all were very tasty. I also had their specialty Mango Lemonade drink (Great!) and a bottled Coke (with Cane Sugar) - Man, I missed how good this was!!
You've got to try the chicken - reasonably priced with two sides and array of sauces. We also ordered the shrimp and fish ceviche, which was so-so, but anything would pale in comparison to the roasted chicken. Atmosphere good for a casual date night or catching up with friends.
This place was my last stop for dinner in SF. It did not disappoint at all. The food and ambience were great. Although, this place is known for their chicken my favorite thing on the menu was the truffle mac and cheese. This was not your ordinary Kraft mac and cheese. This my friend, was a melt in your mouth mac and cheese with the right amount of truffle taste. Don't get me wrong their chicken was also great. It was perfectly cooked and the sauces combined with it gave it a unique flavor. However, my friends and I did not kill it like other dishes that we ordered that night. The ceviche was great to order and we could taste the freshness of it. Overall, everything was great and will be coming back here again when I'm in the area. One little flaw that they had was squeezing a party of 7 into a tiny table that had barely enough space to eat. Luckily, their service was sufficient to take plates away. Bravo for them.
Limon really turned me on to Peruvian food. I tend to eat a lot of chicken (bor-ING, I know - my bf makes fun of me for this!) so this was really up my alley- their menu had a lot of options for me. Great flavors.
We went to Limon on third street for dinner but it was closed. We called south vaness locationand made a reservation. As usual food is good. Our tab was $81 without any drinks or alcohol. We were suprised that we were charged $1.00 for an extra mustard sauce we asked which is about a table spoon. I felt it is very low and very cheap to treat your regular customers that way. I still paid the tip and do not want to be as cheap as the owners. At the the bottom of their tab says "come again" and I wrote NEVER coz I Will never go back to any Limn. For example BURSA at West Portal gives their waiting customers free glasses of wine drinks and free deserts for non-drinkers.
Lesson: Don't go in a big group.Background: Came in a big group, had a reservation and table set aside far ahead of time, fixed price menu for all of us. For $32 a person I'm expecting a good dinner. Instead apps took more than an hour and were waaay skimpy. As in 3 small apps per group of 6-8 people. Chicken took 90 minutes from when we sat down, and was even skimpier. Good food but not even close to enough. Looked like 1 chicken, 1 fries, 1 rice per 6-8 people. Had 3 pisco sours while waiting for food to show. Left hungry and $50 poorer, had to get a burrito on the way home. I'm not coming back in a group. They had plenty of advance notice and a fixed price menu for the whole group meaning they should be perfectly able to deal with a big group. Totally failed to do so.
Delicious ceviche. The skirt steak is great too! Good customer service. Lots of cocktails to pick from
I've walked by here several times but never made it in until some out-of-town friends invited me to meet them here for dinner. So glad I did! There were 5 of us in our party and we were seated upstairs. First glance showed a small and contemporary but comfortable spot, but there is an entire downstairs so they can really pack the people in. It is family style, so we ordered a bunch of dishes and shared the plates around.Among our choices were: a whole chicken (you can't not get the roasted chicken at a rotisserie) which came with 2 sides (we got the yuca and sweet potato fries), the tartara de tuna, the lomito saltado, the carne a la parrilla, and the veggie empanadas. Though the plates were "small" they were filling, and we all left satisfied. One member of our party got an alcoholic beverage and another got a coffee. Despite all this, splitting the bill made my total only $13.60. That is ridiculous. I spent that on an omelet the next day. Great food cheap = winning!Our server was funny and attentive, and our water glasses were kept full. The only thing I didn't appreciate was that the manager essentially kicked us out. Let me re-phrase. He tried to kick us out before the coffee even arrived. Then he personally delivered the bill immediately after the coffee hit the table. Granted, we were chatting and catching up and yes were probably taking longer than normal. But it definitely wasn't an obnoxious amount of time and we were paying customers. Rushing me out the door just isn't the way to go. Fortunately the food was that good that this just rolled right off my shoulders.
I need to state the obvious and ask...why, oh why can't there be more places in the city like Limon Rotisserie? More often than not, I'm not a picky eater, and presentation doesn't mean squat to me. In fact, the more cash-ola that I have to leave on a table, the pickier and pricklier I do get. I've been known to return a dish because I didn't like the smirk of condescension on the waiter's face. But not here. A whole roasted chicken here only costs $15.95, and along with two sides, that's more than enough to feed two people. The chicken is not your standard Costco variety (which frankly isn't bad in a pinch either) but very much a succulent Peruvian specialty called Pollo a la Brasa with all sorts of herbs in the marinade. It was broken apart in four pieces on a platter (see photo), ideal since that meant I could have the dark meat and Jamie W. could have the white. We are compatible that way. They have quite a list of small plates, all very Peruvian, but I just couldn't get past the chicken. Our sides were the Vegetables Salteados, which looked to be three different varieties of beans marinated with other vegetables, and the Papas Fritas, which were nicely crisped French fries (see photos). It was all good, solid comfort food, and if you sit at the bar like we did, the server may refill your Diet Coke for free. The total bill came to $22 before tip. Amazing in this city, don't you think? There is nothing bargain basement about the vibe in here - casual, cool enough for the hipsters, relaxing enough for the rest of us, busy but not chaotic. Definitely worth a stop for an affordable, savory meal. FOOD - 4 stars...tasty rotisserie chicken with hearty sides and a bargain to boot AMBIANCE - 4 stars...casual but cool...the minimum requirements for a Mission eatery to be popular among the Yelperati SERVICE - 4 stars...pretty quick but not hurried...and thanks for the free Diet Coke TOTAL - 4 stars...there needs to be a lot more places that replicate Limon's business model of limited eats, good quality and bargain prices
Crowd pleaser, priced right, great for groups. Go-to spot when having a large party or out-of-towners have no idea where to go (easy spot to start a mission adventure). Reservations are never hard with their three locations.
I was looking forward to dinning in this particular restaurant. I had heard many pleasant things about the food and service but after my experience i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. My friend and I dropped in without any reservations (around 3:00pm) there were maybe about 5 people dinning at this time. The host "ROBERTO" was extremely rude he said that normally they don't take in walk-ins and the wait would be an hour and fifty min to get our food but if we sat at the bar there would be no wait... WHAT! the place was empty!! We decided to stay and wait...within 30 min we got our food and our waiter was so nice.(the only good experience about this place) so then i asked myself... what was Roberto talking about?! He was simply being an ass! As soon as my friend and I walked in it was like he was sizing us up. Not a pleasant experience. As for the food, well, I wasn't a fan of it at all. Everything was very greasy and had NO flavor except for the veggies which are mainly onion and had been over seasoned.Point being, this place is Horrible except for my waiter. I WOULDN'T recommend this place to anyone unless you want RUDE SERVICE and TASTELESS food.
Great food, however the food was served way too fast. I had the carne and pollo empanadas and both were good. The meat to dough ratio was just right and deep fried to perfection. Yucca Fries were really good. Not too thickly cut, and was also deep fried to perfection. The dipping sauce was also a great compliment. Rotisserie chicken was awesome too! The aiole is a must! Ceviche mixto was also very good! Overall I was very happy with the food and the service. The only complaint I had was that the food was served too quickly. Anyone going in should tell the waiter that they want the food served slower. I was in and out of the place within 15 minutes. Too fast.
I should have just drank 3 over priced pisco sours and left.Horrible / rude host, disorganized and lost reservations, and clearly accepted too many large reservations. There was no waiting room, everything was crowded and awful.Our reservation was at 9p for 6 people, we weren't seated until some point after 9:30. Now where did they try to seat us?A four person square table so crammed in that we couldn't even fit in on the seats at the ends of the table! When we went to complain, we were basically told off by the host as they had "tried".Luckily one of the servers/bus boys heard us complaining and got a table from somewhere else to extend our table, against the hosts wishes (he was rolling his eyes at this whole operation), and had us much more comfortable about 10 minutes later. We weren't eating until well after 10.Service was polite, food was crazy over priced for the mediocre quality you get, and then they charged us 20% gratuity because we had a group of 6.I can only recommend people *not* patron this restaurant, but realistically they just need to hire a new maitre d/host.Oh, but they have an ok pisco sour? Don't eat here. Don't get seated here. Just go somewhere else.
Food was good. Service was awful. Very rude waiter who didn't bring water after being asked 3 times. Moved our belongings from an empty chair. The kitchen closed early and they flashed the lights. Overall nasty vibe. 20% gratuity was added on the bill for a party of 4. Would not go again.
I admit, I don't like all the food. Some of it is too greasy for me. And when you have a reservation, sometimes *cough all the time cough* you still have to wait. But the food I do like is pretty amazing, the portion size is great, and if I can have drinks and dinner for two for under $50 at a decent restaurant in SF --and my friend took home leftovers -- I am all over that plus a ball of cheese. Don't ask me what that means, I don't know, but let's say it's positive and leave it at that. I recommend The Rotisserie chicken with two sides, excellent for two people on a budget. Yuka Fries are awesome. I had no idea what tacu tacu was before I came here, and now I do. Pretty much an all around win in my book.
Great place, nice food and very friendly waiters. They have a nice selection of food in the menu that makes this place feel Peruvian. Plenty of options for the vegetarian. Little bit on the pricier side but the portions are generous and the food tasted good too!We also had dessert and it was o'so'good :) I might go back just for the dessert. I had the Panna Cotta Amazonica and my friend had the bandido cake. Both were excellent!The place was however very crowded, so make sure and reserve your table well ahead. Definitely a must go for Peruvian food in San Francisco.
For a tapas place, this place got me surprisingly full. I came here on a date and ordered the cheese and veggie empanadas, the yuca fries, and red snapper ceviche. I really don't have much to complain about. The service was friendly and consistently refilled our waters and chatted up with us about the menu and their suggestions as we were making our order. The empanadas and yuca fries were perfectly crisp. But it was the red snapper ceviche that was truly tasty.For drinks we also got Sangria and 2 pisco sours. The sangria really topped off the night for me because it was the perfect balance of sweet fruity flavor and just enough wine to be refreshing. It's probably also a bit dangerous as I'm not too sure how much sangria I could actually down since there's just so much yummy sweet fruit in it. While I liked this place, the standard is still Mi Lindo Peru in Bernal Heights for Peruvian food in the city. Better menu, more flavorful food, and a little cheaper.
Limon serves mainly rotisserie chicken. They do a good job with it and the chicken is moist and tasty. There are other items on the menu but all of them should be though as appetizers or supplemental courses to the chicken as they are quite small and expensive. The restaurant fills up very quickly and being in SF it's Parking Jihad! Actually the neighborhood around Limon is a bit sketchy and I'm always hesitant to leave my car parked there, especially at night. The other main business is drinking as they have two bars, one on the street level and one in the basement. I often find them overflowing with trendy hipsters as well. Noise level is frenetic when they get busy. The deserts are tasty and I have not tried any of their drinks. Oh the bathrooms are for both sexes...at the same time. That's a little odd.For the price, I'd expect better but for those times when you simply must have authentic Peruvian Rotisserie, Limon is the place.
Waoaww!!  was there with large group of friends, food was amazing! Servers are so cool, they reccomend you really good food, and they are super fast.. We waited for a while to get our table settle, but they served free desert for our understanding.. Thank youu! I will go there for sure!!!
Love Limon! I come here every couple months, but this is my first time to "check in" on yelp. The chicken is delicious and MOIST! This time around we ordered, chicken which comes with two sides...chose yucca fries and vegetables. Also ordered tuna tartar, ceviche, and my favorite chicken chicharron. The two sides that come with the chicken are smaller portions than when you order a separate side. I highly recommend ordering yucca fries. They are crispy and yummy! Also ordered pisco sour and sangria. Sangria is a must. There are two other Limon locations, but I've only been to this South Van Ness location (near 21st and 22nd)...but I hear this is the better one. I recommend this place if you want home-y, delicious Peruvian food!
I'm a bad godmother.I needed to see my godson since I missed his bday party. It was a good thing his parents were willing to drive to the city because I've been wanting to try this place for quite awhile.On the Big Eat SF list is:#37 Rotisserie Chicken from Limon RotisserieThe menu consists mostly of hot and cold tapas plates. You can choose among the many varieties of ceviche and traditional Peruvian dishes such as lomo saltado. Listed on the menu as their only entree is their specialty: the Pollo ala Brasa. Chicken marinated in the "traditional way" (which I'm sure is a guarded secret!) and cooked in their rotisserie. A whole chicken costs $16, half $9.75 and quarter $7.75, but it comes with two sides. Service was fast and efficient considering this place was packed on a Saturday night. The roasted chicken is PERFECT. I love the crispy golden brown skin and the moist and flavorful meat. I opted for dark meat, but my friend reports that her chicken breast was also moist. I paired my chicken with a simple mixed green salad dressed in a lime vinaigrette and crunchy, lightly salted sweet potato fries. This is a very satisfying meal and if you don't get the whole chicken or order drinks, it'll cost you less than $10.But of course, I did order a drink! Their sangria is sweet and has generous bits of apples and oranges in it. It definitely hit the spot at $5 a glass.If you've been wanting to try Limon for quite awhile too, don't wait any longer. They do chicken right.
let me start off by saying dishes are kind of small. when ordered chicha morada I got a small glass bottle by the brand Inca Blu I though it was going to be freshly made chicha morada, we have gone to several peruvian restaurants and have never received packed chicha morada, it was a joke! I was looking forward of ordering lomo saltado, and pescado a lo macho typical Peruvian dishes and they don't have it in the menu!!!!! you have to order a separate side order of rice!!!! what????? yes your food doesn't come with rice!!! The rotiserrrie chicken plate was good it came with 4 small yucca slices. I ordered the lomito saltado was salty,so much soy sauce , hardly any meat and it was mostly French fries!!!  we were a party of 4 no appetizers ordered no alcohol 4 wanna be bottles of chicha moradas, 4 plates (1 seafood, 1 chicken, 2 beef) 2 sides order of rice and bill came up to $130 yes party of four!!!! SMALL PLATES DON'T LET PICTURES FOOL YOU! Good customer service. First and last time coming to this restaurant! I don't think this is a Peruvian restaurant!!! I love Peruvian food and this was a disappointment.
Amazing food, great service and unbelievably reasonable prices. What a wonderful experience! We had the beet salad, the red snapper ceviche and half a rotisserie chicken. Everything was delicious! But definitely try the chicken. It was one of the best, if not the best rotisserie chicken I've had. At $13.95, it comes with 2 sides. We had the rice and beans and sauted vegetables which were really yummy. The chicken's flavor was amazing by itself, but also came with three dipping sauces that added their own flavorful twists. All I have to say is Wowza!
As we entered Limn Rotisserie last night, Gayle muttered under her breath that "Eric B. of Yelp" had entered the room. I rolled my eyes and hoped that no one was within earshot. It's all part of a running joke about friends who have gone on Yelp and found my name or Gayle's listed or mentioned. For this night out, Gayle's Nephew had gone into Yelp and based on the ratings suggested Limn as a place for Dinner. And ever since an amazing dinner at Andina in Portland a few years ago, Gayle and I have never turned down a Peruvian meal opportunity. I immediately liked the Limn space for it's smallish neighbourhood feel and fun energy. I also appreciated that the service was friendly, helpful, and fast and that "Dinner Karma" had put the 4 of us at the corner window. The food was wonderful, although I really do need to eat here a few more times to fully explore the menu and calibrate the portions. For example, my empanadas were outstanding, but seemed a little small. On the other hand, Gayle's Nephew ordered a half chicken with 2 sides and that was plenty of food. Gayle and my Son also enjoyed their orders, and with a little dessert at the end, we all had fun sharing. I also appreciated the selection of wines from Portugal, Spain, and Latin America. My Alentejo Red (near vora) went very well with the selections on the Table. Eric B. needs to come down to the Mission more often.....
**4.5 stars**After searching Yelp for over half an hour, trying to decide where to have lunch, we finally decided on Limon, since we were already in the Mission.The place was packed on a Sunday afternoon, so we had to wait a good 20 minutes. When we finally got seated, we were quickly greeted by an awesomely flamboyant server, who gave us a good laugh each time he swung by our table! He was definitely an added treat to our meal. Once again, I've failed to remember our great server's name though...Anyway, we decided to go with the fish and shrimp ceviche, 1/4 pollo a la brasa with tacu-tacu and french fries, the lomito saltado, and the veggie empanadas. First dish to arrive was the ceviche. Sweet baby Jesus, thank you! Nice big chunks of fish and sliced shrimp, along with some choclo, all marinated in their "leche de tigre" marinade. To say the least, if there was a tiger that existed that would actually produce such "milk," you best believe you'd find me at its teet. So yes, I did enjoy the ceviche. yelp.com/biz_photos/r7RwThe 1/4 roasted chicken was beautifully juicy and moist, with a seasoned crispy skin that made each bite better than the next. The fries were good, but nothing special, although the tacu-tacu was great! yelp.com/biz_photos/r7RwThe lomito saltado was the least impressive dish, which I wanted more flavor from, although wasn't bad. Although it is tapas-portioned, I would have much rather enjoyed meat with fries, rather fries with meat. yelp.com/biz_photos/r7RwAnd finally, the veggie empanadas were deliciously delicious. Yes, that's right. Stuffed with mushroom, spinach, choclo, and cheese, I didn't even think to take a picture of them because all I cared about was finishing them. In addition to the great food, the girlfriend ordered a Don Carlitos, which was great and mixed nicely. The first one they sent over was in a cracked glass, although the server noticed right away and sent us another one promptly. Great food, atmosphere, and service!P.S: Tigre de leche is rumored to be an aphrodisiac.
The food is SOOO good here, I would definitely come back again the next time I'm in NorCal. I went up to San Francisco to visit my sister, and made a reservation ON the day to celebrate her birthday. The restaurant was clearly packed when we arrived, but we were taken to our seats within 15 minutes. So tip for you all: make a reservation beforehand. The tapas were so goood, I'm still drooling. We got the tuna tartar and the short ribs. The only downside is that the restaurant was really noisy and loud, so it was hard to carry a conversation in there.
I used to really love this place, but I was extremely disappointed at the service I received recently. I came on a Saturday night with a reservation for 3 people at 8 pm, and we had to wait ONE HOUR past our reservation time!! ONE HOUR!Not to mention that our waiter rarely showed up - our waters emptied, my fork fell on the floor and was never replaced. It was extremely disappointing.The food continued to be excellent - the rotisserie chicken, tacu-tacu, and yucca fries were great. But there's other places in SF that respect a reservation time, have better service, and have equally good food.You lost me as a customer, Limon Rotisserie :-(
Excellent address for a group of 3 or 4. We shared a whole chicken that is veeeeery tasty and a pichet of sangria!
Limon Rotisserie's chicken is sort of like a food equivalent of addiction. Once you've eaten it, you will need to order it again and again and again. Their other dishes are pretty good, especially the ceviche which has these large meaty pieces of fish in a delicious and acid sauce.Over the many times I've been here, I have had positive and negative experiences. Once I went here and ordered a salad which was full of limp and slimy greens. However, normally the salad is fresh and good. Another time I went there and the rice was too salty to my taste, but most of the time it is quite good. The restaurant offers a very stripped down menu so that they can crank out these little tapas plates very quickly. Therefore, although it is a sit down place, be prepared for your order to come out pretty quick with little lingering. They seem to have gotten it down to a science right now of cranking out the food quickly so that they can turn tables quickly. It might be a little nicer if they served it more tapas style (one dish following another) rather than all at once, but I suppose that this is a decision that Limon has made in order to accommodate the many diners they get on weekends and evenings.Most of the food is pricey in my opinion, but I will admit that the quality and the taste is delicious. For example, the ceviches cost $14.00 per plate--it's a shareable plate, but I do find that pricey for a single small plate. The salad is about $9.00, if my recollection is correct, and most of the sides are $3-5.00 each. The yucca frita is delicious if you like that kind of thing, but it typically comes with just 4 sticks so be prepared for the sides to be pretty small. The chicken is worth it...salty, hot, and juicy and the sauces you get just put it that much more over the top!The place tends to get noisy and crowded at evening time, particularly at or after 7:00pm you will be elbow to elbow with other diners in the top floor. Be prepared to kind of yell to have yourself heard over the din. If you don't like noise, this is not the place for you.
Love this place..... super nice staff.... great food ....... AMAZING !!! Will SEE U SOON !!!
It's nice to stop by for some Yuca Fries, Tuca Tuca & half of my fav. Peruvian rotisserie chicken~ It's been been many many weeks ~ LUNCH TIME
I was visiting some friends for the first time in San Fran and my friend asked me where I wanted to get dinner on the first night. So, I answered: Let Yelp decide and maaan was I right. I still can't believe how many places have 1000+ reviews in this city.My friend made reservations for us on Friday night at 9.30pm because it was the only available time then. We arrived on time and were seated in a few mins; however it took a few extra mins before our server came and took our orders.My friends and I shared a few plates since mostly are the size of tapas; being pescetarian I only got to try a few plates out of what they ordered, but everyone seemed to enjoy the food and the sangria. Definitely worth stopping by!
Stopped in for a quick lunch. Interesting menu, friendly atmosphere, good wait staff. They are known for their rotisserie chicken and it doesn't disappoint. They have some delicious dipping sauces to go with your chicken. Got in and out quickly just like I hoped. Clean restrooms are a plus.
Did family style here and everything tasted great - tacu tacu, chicken, yuka fries, steak, veggies
So good, the ceviche was made to order and so yummy! The chicken is also a given each time we come here. Veggie saltado and yucca fries.... Speechless. Service is great here and I would eat here everyday if I lived closer.
Food was excellent! I'm sure it won't be long before I crave a great meal like this again!! Ordered a ton of chicken, ribeye, salads, chocolate cake deliciousness
Note: I dont remember the names of all of the dishes I ordered, so ill describe them as best as I can.My favorite dish was the Ceviche Pescado. There was nothing fancy about the dish, just some incredibly fresh red snapper, chick peas, and a yam garnish.
Food there: always good. Delcious sauces and moist chicken.Service there: always bad. Vibes of being rushed to eat before drinks arrive (order everything at once and drinks arrived 10 mins after the food, which came out oddly quick). I enjoy fast order to food service but some space between ordering and drinking and eating seems the norm in traditional dinning environments.Take out maybe..?
The best meal I've had in the Mission. The Ceviche was the best i've ever had. The chicken + the sauces make it a worth while destination in the Mission.
+ Juicyyy. Tender. YUMMY chicken!+ The price is RIGHT! $19.95 whole chicken!+ Pisco drinks ftwGrubbing at Limn Rotisserie after having just paid very far up the wazoo for chicken at Zuni Cafe is making me wish I bought 2.5 SUCCULENT chickens here instead of one dry bird at Zuni. $19.95 for a whole chicken here vs. $50 at Zuni? PLEASE! Kill me now.The chicken is here is mighty tender and juicy, including the breasts. The skin. The SKIN! So rich. So tasty. With a generous dash of chimichurri? Heavenly. The chicken was awesome. And the price was definitely right. The sweet potato fries were just the right amount of crispy on the outside and soft/chewy on the inside. The arroz was well-seasoned and came with slivers of red onion. Very good. They've got an entire downstairs dining room for spillovers from upstairs - and there are a couple of large tables available for big groups. I came with a group of 8. The chicken is great for sharing with large groups. Service was attentive and friendly. Drinks -I wanted to get the Pisco Morado but they unfortunately ran out of chicha morada. So I settled for a DON CARLITOS. An apt substitute - as I'm a huge fan of grapefruit. It was decently strong. I love me anything with pisco! The SANGRIA was good, but was not the best I've had. Getting a pitcher is a great option for groups. I can't believe I've never been here before - I would totally try all of their pisco cocktails and get at some of the other dishes on the menu. Being only a few blocks away from the 24th St. Mission BART station helps! Awesome.
UPDATE: Had a chance to feast on some cebiche mixto tonight at Limon. It was the bomb diggity. Perfect acidity and a nice, mellow touch of spice.
This is a five star restaurant when you consider the price. The Ceviche is world class. Chicken is fabulous.
Honestly we didn't even get to try the food, I am Peruvian so I know I had heard about this spot and decided to come here since we usually go to Fresca, so I made reservations... we got there host was very nice, we loved the area, it was set up really comfy and sat downstairs in the basement, the server was so nice and brought us our drinks and ceviche Wich was good! After waiting for 40 mins for our food it still had not arrived.. I asked the server if it was coming soon? and he applogized and stated it was due to it being so busy, which I understood... after he left me and my husband were chit chatting and on my wall that we were sitting against was a roach! I could not believe my eyes... I asked my husband what it was? And he didn't want to tell me since he knew I was going to scream!... I Stood there quietly and told the second server that there was a roach crawling on the wall.. he looked and say "OH MY GOD,I'LL BE BACK".. I got off my seat since it was coming closer to me... he then came back and killed it and said he was sorry, honestly after that I couldn't eat there anymore, I felt disgusted! And I didn't want to cause a scene since there were so many people there...I am not that kind of person.... so we left and as we walked upstairs the Lady manager came to us and asked what happened.. and she said "I am so sorry about that..would you like to seat upstairs here in the main floor?" I said No sorry but we can't eat here anymore... and we left.... it was a bad experience, people were friendly but just felt sick to my stomach after seeing that!. After that we went to Fresca and had a great night... should of stuck with my first choice. I love my Peruvian food and hopefully they can take a look at that problem and get it fixed soon! But sorry will never go back there again.
Came here with a group of 11 for a friends b-day. Not that great of an experience. The place is nice with modern decor can hold a decent amount of people. The downstairs is a bit dark. We had to wait a while outside before we got seated (even though we had reservations). The service seemed to start out good, but once the food was ordered, it was all downhill. We had a group over 10 people, so we had to go with the pre-fixe. Honestly, i'm not exaclty sure what everything was because they just brought it out and dropped it on our table. High notes were the dipping sauces wich were really flavourful and complemented the chicken (and fries) very well. The ceviche, tartare, and salads were okay, nothing to write home about. The chicken was just okay as well. I guess my expectations were a bit higher, but I felt that it was a bit dry and the not as flavorful as other places I've had. Also, if its being served family style, they need to do a better job of chopping it up to make sure all the pieces are seperated. The amount of food was decent for the price, but you also never know if you are getting your moneys worth with a pre fixe family style dinner (like would it have been the same amount of food if we had 10 instead of 11). I've had better peruvian food at Le Mar and Fresca on Fillmore. Back to the service. Not anything special, in fact, it almost felt as if they were just there to take your food and then drop it off (waiters, the waterboys were actually attentive). And when it comes time to pay, the waiter saw our credit cards, and tried to avoid us. When we flagged him down he automatically said "Whoa whoa, I can't do all those cards, 4 maybe 5 max." I never understood this...the machine does all the calculations for you. We were all splitting evenly and tip was already included, all he had to do was run the cards. Yet he made it more difficult for us to try and set up payments between 4 cards. I was actually shocked when he got the right amounts on those 4 cards. No extra tip!
Delicious. We recently went here before the JT and JZ concert and it was so great! We made reservations, they sat us promptly at the time of our reservation, the staff was good- not amazing- but good. They were all nice, just such a busy atmosphere it seemed hard to keep up. The food- delicious. We ordered a bunch of small plates and shared- yum! The short ribs were my favorite. Tender, juicy and so much flavor! We will definitely go back! If you haven't tried it, you should!
This is my favorite place. The chicken with two sides is a bargain. I also like the lomito saltado a lot and the mushrooms (Championes) are fantastic. The service is great and the atmosphere is casual yet really nice. I love this place.
Best Peruvian chicken I've had, thus far.The first time I tried Peruvian was in DC. I wasn't too impressed with that place, although people all over the DC area had raved about that place. It wasn't that flavorful, and wasn't worth the price I paid.But when my cousin, a foodie beyond me x20, suggested we go get peruvian in SF, me, trusting her foodie skills, became excited. And guess what, I definitely was not disappointed. The chicken was so incredibly flavorful and tender. I loved it! We ordered about every side there there was, and all were delicious. The sangria was great too!Definitely a stop for peruvian chicken. It was great too- cuz they seated our large party quite efficiently as well!
Went there two days in a row. Thursday, I had an awesome server, big smile, making sure we understood the menu. I invited a friend, our dishes were great: Leche de Tigre, Carne a la Parrilla, Arroz con Mariscos. All good. Pisco Sour and Maracuya Sour are OK. Next day I go back with some guests from LA, not so good.Server was way too serious (kind of mad) with no reason, we were just arriving!. Once I let him know, he was nicer. Later on, my brother in law found a hair in a leg of his "Pollo a la Brasa". No big deal to me, I worked in restaurants for several years. But I know this kind of issues usually brings some courtesy from the house. In this case, only removing the faulty chicken leg without replacement. No discount or free dessert. No problem, I know how servers think, "they are latinos, maybe they are just trying to take advantage". I still tip them over 20%, even when they did not deserve it.I hope they take latinos and every single customer the same.Lomo Saltado had onions not crispy but flavor was great.Arroz con Mariscos is great.Chicharron de pollo, too dry.Seco de carne is fineLeche de Tigre is goodCarne a la Parrilla is awesomePollo a la Brasa is OKPisco and Maracuya Sour are OK.I feel like bussers take care of you better than Severs.Would I go back?Yes!!I'm peruvian, and I know they are doing good.
Food was okay, service is not so great. I came with a fairly medium-large sized group for a friend's birthday. We had reservations and were seated once everyone in our party arrived. Fair enough, I suppose. Then after being seated, it took the waiter nearly 15 minutes to get back to us regarding whether they served a certain type of drink, then another 10 to take our order. Our food finally arrived after about 30 minutes of waiting, but at different times, so not everyone had their food and had to watch and wait. Portions were pretty small, and many people in my group were dissatisfied. Yes, I realize they're called "small plates," but for the price, I'd expect more. I ordered "pollipapas," which is actually French fries, and a cut up chicken tender with mustard sauce drizzled on top. I think I had the best dish, but it was more like an appetizer. I actually really liked it though, and would recommend it to order. After we ate, they gave my friend an absolutely DELICIOUS chocolate brownie and sang happy birthday. So kudos for that. But then the wait for the check turned out to be close to 30 minutes. Ugh. The waiter never checked in on us either. Mediocre experience. I probably won't come back.
absolutely in love with this place. In town for the week for work, went our here for dinner with a few local friends. Ordered the beef hearts, half a chicken, jalea, civecho mixto, tacu tacu, and more. everything and i mean everything was divine. only negative is they charged me twice, but of course i filed a claim to get it back.
We got the tasting menu as a party of 12 and boy, I wished we didn't. I hardly enjoyed any of the food here.I think we were given both ensaladas but I could hardly tell. No one announced what we were eating; they just dumped it all on the table. We were given a ceviche, i think the one with red snapper. I don't recall liking it. The only thing I did like was the tuna tartare and that was heavy on the sesame oil. The "limito" saltado was too soy saucy. The fried chicken was greasy but I did like the dipping sauce. The roasted chicken was just dry. Even the dark meat of it was bland and not juicy. I've had better at Boston Market. I couldn't tell what kind of empanada we were given. Just bad.. Yuca fries were good though.Such a pricey meal for lack of good food. Unfortunately we had leftovers..
Limon Rotisserie is a great place to reconnect with friends over good food and drinks. This location is spacious with an entire downstairs section to accommodate large groups. They even had a DJ booth behind our table. The roasted chicken is a must try and came juicy and tender. A half chicken is more than enough to share between two people. The two sides we had were the yuca fries and the tacu-tacu. Yuca fries are large starchy versions of potato fries. They were delicious with the aji dipping sauces and you will wish there were more than four pieces. The tacu-tacu, Peruvian-style beans and rice, wasn't anything special. The truffle mac & cheese came as advertised. It was creamy and full of truffle flavor. The one misstep here was that they forgot our order of empanadas.
This is one of my favorite places in the Mission.The roast chicken is the star of the show. I've never had roast chicken better than what this place serves. It comes with 2 sides no matter what size you order which makes it also the best deal.The seafood ceviche is also amazing and a great deal. The red sangria is tasty and a pitcher of it is definitely worth it for big groups.
I LOVE Limon!!One of my fav places to go to. The ceviche has fresh fish and enough lemon on it.Thier Chicken - is as tasty as it gets for a chicken! (And I eat a lof of chicken haha)The Laomo Saltado tastes great as well!And the Sangria of course - a pitcher please It became our ususal stop after a trip to Tahoe.
This place is ALWAYS consistent and great quality! Went here recently with Linda C. and had a GREAT meal! The biggest challenge here? 1) Parking! Always a struggle in this area ... somehow, I managed to get a spot RIGHT in front! 2) Feel a bit pressed/rush by the service to get the table turnover. I'm not a table lingerer and understand the need for a restaurant to have table turnover, but I HATE feeling rushed!Still a favorite place and highly recommended! 4-Stars!
Had reservations for a Wednesday night, but probably didn't really need them. Ordered the truffle mac and cheese, half a rotisserie chicken, and the fish and shrimp ceviche. The truffle mac and cheese was amazing. I would've happily eaten the whole thing, but it was super rich. Plus, I had to be polite and share with my dinner mate. The chicken was good; one of the few times I've actually ordered chicken at a restaurant and it came out perfectly cooked and not dry. Good balance of seasoning, so it wasn't bland or overly salty. The fish and shrimp ceviche was recommended by our server, and it was a good recommendation. All their ceviches are tossed in the same sauce, which was lime-y/lemony and really good. For the three dishes (which we weren't able to completely finish) plus corkage fee, our bill came out to be below $50, not including tip. Pretty good deal, if you ask me. Limon Rotisserie is now officially added to my list of go-to restaurants.
I've been to both Limon locations and they are equally awesome!You can't pay a visit to Limon without the whole chicken, sangria, and tuna tartare. Other dishes weren't bad either--sweet potato fries and some beef/veggie dish I don't remember the name of (sorry).Restaurant can get a little warm from the cooking. Gets really busy after 7pm or earlier at times, so make sure to get reservations. Perfect for groups, especially if you opt to go family style.
known for it's chicken...but has made us thirsty all night long afterwards...not sure what the ingredients are. And, it's super noisy...good once or twice, but wouldn't go back. friendly staff though...and good prices. and quick to get the food once ordered...
Love this place, the food is good, specially the chicken, The chicken is really juicy and flavorful, and the food here is consistent. Reasons why I would give 3 stars instead of 4:The seasoning is heavy handed with salt, specifically when i get the lomito saltado, the seafood for the ceviche kinda smells fishy :( I recommend making a reservation before coming since it could get busy, specially fridays and saturdays. They also take phone and online orders which is definitely a plus.
All I can say is the rotisserie chicken here at Limon definitely deserves to be #37 on the 7x7 Big Eat SF List!So delicious! Mmmm...slow cooked.Love the flavors, the tenderness, the juiciness! Yum!Love how it comes with 2 sides no matter what size chicken you get. (Whole, half or quarter)Had the ceviche mixto. Did not care much for it.
I came here with 3 friends for dinner. We had a reservation so there was no wait. This is definitely the place to come with a group so you can try all the different dishes. We got the cerviche mixto, beef heart skewer, half a chicken, and some cocktails. The beef heart had a steak-like texture, I didn't expect this from an organ meat at all. Great flavour. The chicken is also delcious. The only thing that's sort of meh is the cerviche. It's definitely edible but nothing memorable. Everything is nicely presented and prices are very reasonable. The food came at a good pace. The only negative is that we found it hard to flag down a server to get more food and drinks. We wanted to order more stuff after the first round was depleted, but it took forever for the waitress to notice us so we just left. The restaurant wasn't even that busy at this point.
This is my favorite restaurant in SF so far! The food is amazing (I have never had a chicken this good) and the prices are incredibly reasonable. I would recommend Limon to all of my friend.Favorites:you have to get a chicken! Half a chicken can easily feed two people. Empanadas are the best that I have had (and my friend living in Argentina has made some pretty good ones in the past) Also, the sangria is delicious. A MUST GO
Really good quality food though it was a lil to expensive. The beef tongue was really tender and juicy & the crispy chicken was also goodni didnt like the fact that they charged $2 for the dipping sauces. The Sangria was the best I had till date. Certainly recommed.
Limon actually surpassed my expectations. Came here on a weekday night to find a full dining room, but it was easy to get a table (I sat at the bar). The bartender was very nice, very accommodating (only looked at the menu once and he recommended everything after that, and was very attentive.I ended up getting 3 small plates (I was by myself). The mushrooms, the mixed ceviche, and the ribs. Coming from the Midwest, I've had lots of amazing ribs. But these...omg! They were sweet and crispy on the outside and the inside meat was tender, wipe your chin juicy, and very tender. The drinks were outstanding. Obviously have to get a Pisco sour (I got the flavored one). I was not impressed by the dessert list, so I skipped it and went to Bi Rite.Definitely on the higher end if you make it a meal, but if you just come here for lunch or take it to go it can be much more reasonable. I saw at least a half dozen to go orders while I was there.
In SF recently and was brought to Limon by my girlfriends sister and her boyfriend. They had been before and enjoyed it so we were excited to give it a try. At first, I was questioning whether I was really about to pay upwards of $20 for a rotisserie chicken but decided to go with it and I am glad I did. Absolutely one of the best rotisserie chickens I have ever had the pleasure of eating. Cooked perfectly and excellent flavor.EmpanadasPollo - ehhh... not impressed... passCarne - better but still not worth it for me, I believe it was $7 for two little empanadasTacu Tacu - everyone else seemed to really enjoy this and I was just wishing for my own rice and beans. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but I didn't see what the fuss was about.Sweet potato fries - they were sweet potato fries, 'nuff said. Hard to go wrong here.Anicucho de Lengua - wow, wow, wow... this was the second star of the night for me after the chicken. I had never had beef tongue before but I am sure glad I decided to try it here. I wouldn't be able to tell you if that is how it is supposed to be cooked, but I sure hope so because it was freaking good. The mashed potatoes with this dish were pretty phenomenal as well.All in all, definitely worth a visit. Busy place so make reservations! Get the beef tongue!
Been here twice and loved it both times. The chicken is a great deal because it comes with 2 sides. The sides are all pretty unique and interesting.I really like ceviche so the TIger's Milk was pretty fantastic. Super citrusy, but I dig that.I would give this place 4.5 stars but guess that rounds up to 5!Also the service here is really good and that one waiter is hilarious. You know the one...
Limon Rotisserie was still packed for a Wednesday night! Okay, okay, the chicken was pretty amazing, and the yucca fries. The waiter told us he could eat a half of chicken himself. Food:+ceviche: i've never seen corn kernels that big before+vegetables side: mediocre+yucca fries: amazing!!+chicken: the mustard like sauce and orange sauce were my favorite sauces to accompany the chicken+flank steak and fries: very goodI'll definitely be back here for the chicken and the yucca fries. Make a ressie, it gets really packed even on a weeknight!
The chicken was just as described - juicy! I really enjoyed the Carne Empanadas. I have had a few empanadas before, but these with the raisins and hard eggs and meat were delicious. They serve two with a, I think, the Aji Amarillo Mustard. Very good!Lastly, I ordered the Carne a la Parilla and very much enjoyed nicely cook sirloin and rich sauce they serve with it. I recommend this place to anyone that like tapas.
This is for dining in the Van Ness Limon location.I went here with my best friend from college for a 'catch up' dinner. The food was amazing, sangria was awesome, and both the service and delivery of our food was quick, friendly and efficient. The bf and I typically get a whole chicken with two sides to go on nights that we're passing through the mission and don't feel like cooking..always delicious!
This is one of my favorite places to eat in San Francisco. Whether it's a two-person brunch, or a six-person dinner, it's a great place in the Mission for catch-up, good food, and solid service.Don't miss the mac and cheese or ceviche, and of course, the sangria. The small plates are really excellent, and perfect for sharing. Don't order too many to start out with (a rookie mistake), since the portions are pretty large.Prices are reasonable for the size of the portions you get, and the service has been good every time I've been. I do recommend a reservation if you're going on a weekend, or at peak time on evenings. I've never had an issue just walking in for lunch, but still, a reservation probably can't hurt.The last time I was here, my two friends and I had a happy face, a peace sign, and a heart drawn into our lemon drop beverages. They echoed our happiness with the Limon experience. :-)
Finally decided to go after so much recommendation and talk. The food is good and taste just like the food I grew up eating. Service is lacking........the restaurant was not full for a Friday night but our food took a while to arrive. I had the ceveche fish & shimp, it was excellent & had a side of lomo saltado with white rice. My husband had the steak plate which looked pretty and well marinade. They gave my husband the wrong drink and it wasn't comp off the bill which was promised. Would I go there again? maybe............
Never come here! Just finished having dinner here and I will never come back. I found a piece of hard sharp plastic in my food and yet the manager offered no compensation for it and just kept saying it is ok bc no harm was done. Is that appropriate customer service? I find it to be unexceptable to have pieces of hard plastic in the food- but manager does not seem to care. I had high hopes for this place as I read great things about it on UrbanDig. Also- their empanadas are not that great. Don't get them.
Ompse Ompse OmpseIs it a club? Is it a restaurant? Maybe a combination of both? I definitely wouldn't suggest this for a first date on a Saturday night because it could not have possibly been any louder. Pretty fun atmosphere for large groups. I came in with a party of 14...anything over 12 deems it mandatory to get the prefixed menu (choose between a $25 or $30 multi course meal). We got a nice corner table that fit our group very well. The booths are a little low so choose a chair if you have issues with leaning back into oblivion (essentially). We started off with the ceviche and marinated tuna. Spices were on point and it was a good portion to tie down the forces but left us with an appetite for more.  Fish dish was followed by grilled beef bites marinated in steak sauces along with the garnishing fries. Roasted chicken as OK...I preferred the leg over the dry breast but the sauces definitely added a kick!I think there may have been a spinach salad in there somewhere too. Prefixed menu was serviced family style which made it pretty fun in my opinion. I would definitely come here in large groups again. The bill was standard with tax and tip $36 a pop not including the damage done by my fellow alkies. My poor halal/zabihah eating friend had to pay the piper without enjoying the meat :(Overall, good time, pretty good food, great for groups, loud and proud atmosphere.I have to say though...not sure if it was because we were in a large group or what but the reason why I didn't give Limon 4 stars was our waiter, Hector. The only way you could have gotten a smile on this guy was if you stapled the sides of his mouth to his cheek bones. He was slow, rude and dropped one of the used straws on me (ew) when he was cleaning up. What made it worst was that he looked dead in my eye with clear indifference and not so much as an "oops." Good job Hector, you cost Limon a star.
I came here with a bunch of friends and we had a great time. We were a large group and the waiter recommended us to get the pre-set menu. We took his advice and it was a great idea. It was a several course fixed menu, it included salads and empanadas first and then chicken with several sides. We got fries, rice, peppers and a few dishes made with chicken and beef and of course 2 large roasted chickens. The quality of the food was excellent, all of us liked it a lot.Service was good, since we got family style (or preset menu) we did not need the wait staff as much but whenever we needed it they were around. Although the family style was not too cheap, the quality of food was completely worth. We had enough to feed 13 starving bodies.I'll come back. I do not know whether I'll get the preset menu again but I'll come back, that's for sure.
Wow. This place is great!(1) In other restaurants, I don't usually stay for a long dinner. I tend to eat and dash out. Here, because the atmosphere is so warm and friendly and everyone is just relaxing and chatting, I had a fabulous time just relaxing and enjoy life.(2) J.R., the bartender, was great! He is super attentive, but at the same time just distance enough to give you space, and yet to be there when you need him.My wife and I are definitely coming back!
Really loved this place. Solid drinks, absolutely delicious chicken, quick seats on a Sunday night, overall great dining experience. Only possible complaint is availability to get seats and pricing but that's basically everywhere in the city
First of all, I don't personally know anybody who doesn't like Limon. Everything here is delicious and fairly priced. The chicken and dipping sauces are amazing. Tip: One of my dealhunter friends pointed out that you should always get 2 orders of half chicken ($9.95) over an order of whole chicken ($19.95) because it gets you 2 extra sides. The ceviche, lomito saltado, truffle mac and cheese, rice and lentils, yuca fries, sweet potato fries, and other side dishes I have tried are all well prepared. The sangria and cocktails are yummy though not very strong.Good place for groups since the food is meant to be eaten family style. The portions are good for sharing among 3-4 people, so multiply your orders based on party size.Reservations recommended. They can also accommodate groups of 20 or more in the space downstairs.
Let me start by saying the food here is delicious. I'm not giving them low scores based on the food, but rather the service. I came here to celebrate my birthday and made a 7:30pm reservation a week in advance. When we arrived at the restaurant, it took them 40 minutes to seat us! Look, I understand it gets busy during the weekend, but that's why you have a reservation system. The hostess kept saying that another party had our table and that they finished eating and paying, but were just not leaving yet. Here's some advice, ASK THEM TO LEAVE! What's the point of a reservation system if you're not going to honor the time? The manager comped us with sangria, which was nice. But having to wait so long just sucked!
This place is decent, but I was expecting more, considering the neighborhood and the line at the hostess counter. We gave our name for a table but decided to sit at the bar when space opened up much faster than the 1 hour wait. The portions for the price, in my opinion, were small. Which could easily be excused if the food was outstanding, but it wasn't. The ceviche was just ok and the lomo saltado was good but definitely not great. Two things Peruvian restaurants should produce extremely well. The Russian bartender was not very helpful - or friendly - but was prompt with our drink order. I would give it 2.5 stars if I could, but, alas, am rounding down.
MMMMMmmm... This place is awesome. Hubs and I first came here for dinner when I had to work up in SF. We came here and got the Ceviche, Roast Chicken, and Lomito Saltado.This past weekend, on the way up to Santa Rosa to pick up our Thanksgiving turkey, I stopped by here for lunch with my parents. We had two orders of the half roast chicken (to equal one whole chicken) and an order of Lomito Saltado.Roast chicken - freaking delicious. The spices and flavors are work so well and the chicken is perfectly moist and juicy. Drool worthy.Each chicken order comes with two sides, so we picked sweet potato fries and vegetable saltado. MMMMMmmm... sauteed veggies were delicious!Lomito Saltado was done well; beef was tender and juicy and the flavorings were on the spot.It helped that we were one of the earlier customers so service was prompt, friendly and amazing. They even let us in 10 minutes prior to opening so we didn't have to be out in the rain!
BEST CHICKEN I HAVE EVER EATEN, AS OF YET!! It was super savory and moist throughout! Very flavorful and succulent, even without the "Aji" sauces they provided. I also really loved their Ceviche Mixto. Super fresh (halibut?) fish, calamari, & tiger prawns marrying in citrus juices of lime and lemon, with spiced chili peppers! You get the tangy and zesty, along with a kick of heat. I also want to add that the Sangria here is really good. It has the perfect balance of lightness, acidity, and sweetness to it. I definitely will be returning!Recommend:Rotisserie Chicken (obviously)Ceviche MixtoSangriaNote: There's a full bar if you end up having to wait a bit before getting seated. To save time, make the reservations. This place can get busy.
Fantastic food!
Well the experience goes like this: "Do you want to go eat?""Sure""Let's go try _____ or Limon?""Ok. We'll go to Limon [to see what Peruvian food is about]"Walk into the place at around 7. Waitress tells us she has an available table but we would have to clear the table by 8 because of reservations. So right away, that was pretty cool of her to do. We get led to the backroom/underground-ish seating area. It's dimly lighted, but it is pretty darn loud too. Like, you gotta shout in order to hear each other. Didn't order drinks although they looked pretty good from a visual standpoint. Person I was with ordered the lomito saltado and truffle mac. I got the half roti with tacu tacu and sweet potato fries as sides. Everything was pretty good. The chicken had a good flavor to it and the dipping sauces were nice additions. Sweet po fries were standard and I enjoyed the tacu tacu. The lomito and mac were good as well. I guess that would be the thing about me for this place. Everything we ordered was fine, but it wasn't too memorable. I think the noise may have contributed to the experience as well. Being in the backroom in particular, the sounds are just bouncing off the concrete walls. It'd be fine if I were in a dedicated bar or club, but ...I'm trying to eat. Also, dimness is kinda weird. It's like trying to hide what the food looks like. But like I said, the food wasn't bad and I do appreciate the accommodations.
I am not against paying a lot for really good food, but this place is just OK, so I feel like the cost is not really worth it.The Rotisserie chicken that everyone seems to rave about is just OK. They do give you some pretty interesting sauces with it though. I can't speak to the authenticity of the food, but the rest of the menu does have some interesting dishes. My 2 favorites would probably be the Queso Empanadas and the Truffle Mac and Cheese. They also have an interesting selection of cocktails. Sangria was decent, nothing too special. Decor: Its comfortable, there is plenty of space, although i hear the place gets pretty packed on the weekends. Service: Service is fairly good, the servers are friendly and helpful and the food comes out pretty fast.This area of mission does have some really good restaurants around so if I needed to find a place to eat there, this would not be my first choice.
Great food, excellent (and fast!) service, and a reasonable price. I had a quarter-chicken with veggies on the side, and they were all delicious. I will absolutely be back!
I went back after not having been in a while and the place felt as though it has slipped through the cracks. I kept wondering that I would think if I was not having the piscos...the food is too expensive, that is for certain and in truth, there was not one dish that we all exclaimed to be innovative, clearly a winner or without something to improve.Specifically, the snapper ceviche was touch and moved like cartiledge in my mouth. The rice and beans was not even worth bringing to the table and the salad with avoccado had one tiny almond size piece of avocado.We enjoyed the yucca fries with all of the chicken condiments however who would not.I dont think we will go back...
I'm no Peruvian expert.. but I know what I like. And of the few Peruvian places I've gone, I thought that this was all-around the best (taking into consideration food, service, ambiance, and price).Rotisserie chicken was great - especially loved the dipping sauces!Mixto ceviche was tasty and, most importantly, FRESH (aka not fishy) - with large chunks of fish.Truffle mac n cheese was awesome if you like cheese and truffle oil, but watch out!! It's really rich and most people in our group could have more than a small portion. More left for the rest of us though =)Also - don't forget to try the sangria. This was one of the best I've had!
i am speechless!!! (not really because i do have one complaint)i am in love with this chicken. and it's free range!everyone has a great attitude, server was quick to get our drinks and food. for a group the bill isn't bad at all.my favorites:- ceviche- sangria- chicken- chicken empanadas- mac n cheesemy single complaint:- it gets SO loud in here... especially downstairs. you literally can't hear a word at the table and have to yell to have a conversation. also, the lights seemed kind of florescent downstairs. i am really into warm lighting and inviting ambiance!
Me, my brother, and his friend were planning to grab lunch and we decided to go to this place. This is mainly because we've never really had Peruvian food before.The place looks decent and the service is pretty good. Menu isn't too big but I had a hard time deciding what to get.We all decided to share a full rotisserie chicken and two sides (vegetales salteados and the tacu-tacu). My brother and I got the Carne a la Parrilla (I had medium rare while he had medium well) and my brother's friend got the "Lomito" Saltado.It sounds like a lot of food, but it was just enough. The plates are small yet the serving is generous. The chicken was the best rotisserie chicken I've ever had. Great flavor no matter what piece you get. They offer sauces for it, but it doesn't need it (the sauces are good too though). The tacu-tacu was really good. I have no idea what it is exactly, but it's tasty and it goes well with everything or by itself. I wasn't expecting to like the vegetable side, but I quite liked it a lot. Fresh tasting and not soggy/oily!The individual dishes we got were good too. I can't say too much about the dish my brother's friend had, but I felt like the presentation and overall dish was not what was expected. I think he said it was good, but nothing special.The Carne a la Parrilla was quite delicious with every bite. Good quality, cooked well, and presented nicely. I do want to note that although I said medium rare, it was way more on the rare side than I expected. My brother ordered medium well and his was pretty pink--something I would expect medium rare to be. Have I been eating medium rare steaks wrong this whole time?Everything came out to be around $50 which isn't too bad for everything we got for 3 people. I would love to go back to this place. Not just for the food, but also to try their specialty drinks.
Their signature dish, the roasted chicken, is super juicy and well-seasoned. The aji sauces are heaven. Also, I've had the best sangria of my life at this place. Amazing! Make sure to come early or reserve in advance.
Limon Rotisserie is decent. Not the best I've had, but they have a good selection on the menu.
The chicken was fantastic! Also really loved the ceviche. Yum!!!We got seated down below, which did feel a little isolated, but the service did not lack at all.
We came here for a Saturday night dinner. We had a 9pm reservation and were seated more or less on time, even though the place was completely packed.We ordered the ceviche mixto, a half chicken, the mixed salad, the carne a la parrilla, and the truffle mac and cheese. Some of our party also ordered pisco sours.The food was really tasty, and served promptly. Ordering the half chicken is a good idea if you are hungry because you get two sides to go with it. Maybe we were particularly ravenous that night, but we weren't full after eating all of the above, so we ordered a second half chicken, the carne a la parrilla, and the truffle mac and cheese.With drinks included, I was expecting our check to have a big number on the bottom, but I was pleasantly surprised.Because the place gets so crowded, the atmosphere is definitely relatively high-energy. We were still able to have a conversation without shouting, though we ended up finding ourselves all spontaneously pausing a number of times, spellbound by some of the more unusual topics covered in the conversation at the neighbouring table. I think this all added to the experience, though, rather than detracting from it.If you are coming here, I strongly advise making a reservation - otherwise you can expect to wait for a really long time. On the other hand, if you must wait, there are quite a few interesting bars within a few blocks' radius that you can enjoy while you do so.
Last week, my group at work went out for a holiday celebration and the good folks at Limon were awesome, along with their food. We had the prix fix dinner, which is kind of fun since we got to try a lot of dishes. And I will say that ALL the dishes (save one salad) were AMAZING. Plate after plate kept coming and everything was so delicious.We started things off with their sangria, and a bunch of people were enjoying the Pisco Sours. Sangria was gooooooood... On the menu:Mixed green saladEnsalada Rusa - a root salad w/ Mayo dressing. This was the weakest dish by far.Ceviche - YUMTuna Tartare - OMG I COULD EAT THIS ALL NIGHT!Sirloin tips served over fries - DelishCrispy chicken - tasty!Empanadas - the small bite I got was goodRoasted chicken w/ fries & rice - SO GOOD! The dipping sauces were full of flavor.Dessert:Profiteroles - super yummyChocolate cake - rich and decadent!Panna Cotta - I don't normally like this texture, but the flavor was great.The service was very attentive. They kept refilling my sangria glass so I don't actually know how much I drank that night. They were there when we needed them and the food came out promptly after we were seated. For our large group of 19, we were pretty obnoxious and loud, so apologies if you happened to be in the downstairs room when we were there. And even though we finished eating around 8pm, the group stayed and drank until around 11. Nice that they didn't kick us out sooner! The space is great - very lounge-y and dim downstairs.
I've been wanting to find a good peruvian chicken places after a visit to Brasa in Michigan and I finally found one! The Pollo a la Brasa is super yummy here and I love how they provide several types of dipping sauces even though the chicken is flavorful enough. I found the Yucca fries especially tasty. The Ensalada was also refreshing and light. We also enjoyed the seafood Jaleo which was crispy without feeling greasy. The only thing that is missing from this place is a good rice side dish.
There's no need to write a lot when a place has over 1000 reviews, so even though I tried several dishes, here are my main thoughts:~Yes the chicken is, in fact, delicious. I know the chefs know what they're doing when the breast meat is moist and the skin is crispy and well-seasoned. However, I wish they gave us more of the Aji sauces.~The fish ceviche is very good, better than the shrimp.~The sangria is pretty diluted, which is probably why everyone says it tastes so good. I personally prefer more alcohol at $6/glass that is mostly filled with ice.~Overall, the food is good. The roast chicken is a steal given the quality and price. However, the cost of the small plates adds up very quickly and those portions are small.
Great spot. Very good food that is reasonably priced. All of the small plates are yummy...my favorites are the lomito saltado and the short ribs. Service is always fast and friendly. Oh, and the Pisco Sour is bomb.
(See pics)Came back for lunch. Very decent deal with great food.The signature rotisserie chicken was excellent. The tri-tip was very delicious too. Cerviche was quite good too without too lime or lemon sour taste and were refreshing.This place gets very packed a little after noon time during the week so come by early.
Pros:No insane wait or difficulty getting a reservation (2 days in advance)SUPER fast service. Ordered and got our food w/in 5-10 mins!Good for family-sharing/dining(Between two people, we shared a half chicken + 3 sides + "lomito saltado which is considered an app/small hot plate item. It's beef stir-fry with tomatoes, onions, and fries! Pretty good!)All meals come with two sides (I love sweet potato fries so no complaints! Everyone raves about the yucca fries which I thought were decent but a bit too starchy for me. I think I'd prefer normal fries but happy I got to try something new)Cheap/affordable prices for decent rotisserie chicken! Flavorful skin and relatively moist white meat (dark meat was still way more delicious but that's expected)Cons:Sangria was WAAAAAAAY too sweet. Order a mojito instead. Or beer. or wine. Anything but the sangria (unless you like your drinks w/ a pound of sugar).
Wow - a really great meal here...I shared a whole rotisserie chicken, which was incredible: tender, juicy and well-seasoned chicken. It's amazing that something as simple as chicken can be so amazing when cooked the right way.We also shared some fried yucca, Seco de Costillas (braised short ribs) and rice mixed with beans...everything was very good and perfectly seasoned.I'd definitely check this place out again...very good, reasonably-priced food.
If you like posh, small servings for big bucks, a non traditional Peruvian menu or staff and a sense of BS coming from the management... Then this is your place.There is nothing Peruvian about this restaurant. I would recommend El Porteo, that is if you like bigger portions, authentic Peruvian cuisine, friendlier service, better drinks and friendly service.
I really wanted to give Limon credit and experience it in a different light so I came back here on a busy Friday night. No reservations, but we were seated right away - wow! It did not take long to figure out what we wanted and food came in about 5 minutes -wow! Even the table next to us made a comment of how quick their food came out.Food was meant to share inspite of the portions being small. But I have to say, It is amazing! 5 big stars for all of them. We got the puff pastry for dessert and that was a winner too. Service was a meh after we got our food. He disappeared towards the end of our meal.Good place, good food, service is not perfect tho.
I absolutely love this place. Not only does it have a very cool vibe, but the food is excellent. Everything I have ordered from here has been fantastic. My favorites are the ceviche mixto, Chicharron De Pollo and the truffle mac and cheese. However, the alcoholic drinks are a bit on the strong side. If you don't like tequila, I don't recommend getting any drinks that have it mixed in. You will definitely taste it.
So it was Christmas eve and we had decided on a nice family dinner of rotisserie chicken. The five of us get here about 15 minutes early and check-in up front. We then proceed to wait for about 25 minutes , the whole while salivating about eating a nice, well marinated rotisserie chicken. Finally, they seat us at our table. And just before we order our meal, we are told that they are out of chicken. Yes, a rotisserie chicken restaurant out of chicken. I love the quality of your food Limon, I reLly do. But letting a family of 5 that includes a 2 year old wait for 25 minutes and not proactively letting us know that you are out of your MAIN item is quite unforgivable. Waiting for you guys at to make it up to us as we sit at our table right now, ready to publish this review. If you're reading this review, that never happened.
I would give this place 3 stars only because of the service. My parents came down to visit so I asked a friend for some recommendations on good restaurants and this one was one of the first places she mentioned and I was sold because my stepdad is Peruvian and this is a Peruvian food restaurant. The food was good, the chicken was nice and moist, and the alcoholic beverages were nice a strong. Overall the food was good but our service sucked. We only saw our waitress twice. She took our order for drinks but took to long to take our food order. After that, we never saw her again, it was annoying because we couldn't get anyone to bring us hot sauce or something. We were also never asked if our food came out okay or if we wanted any more drinks. All in all, the food was good, service not that great, if I find another Peruvian restaurant with better service I probably wouldn't come here again.
Came here a couple months ago. We had a large party and ended up seated downstairs. Most of the food was okay. Nothing really memorable. The only thing that stood out was the chicken. I know that's one of their more popular dishes, but it stood out in a bad way. It was sooo salty. And I love salty food. Maybe it was an off night, but I'm not sure if I'd come here again.
Great prices, delicious food. I get so many items every time and seem to only spend $14. It's weird.Truffle mac n cheese, red snapper ceviche (I like it more than the shrimp), 1/2 rotisserie chicken. Every time. Had the beef empanadas last time and they were awesome. Deep fried but still flavorful. Rice is buttery, salad provides a nice contrast to the heavy food.That mac n cheese, I repeat. Omg.Cheap sangria. Skip the yuca fries unless you've never tried yuca--they could be more generous / they're kinda bland. I prefer yuca roasted.
Good food, but with the endless variety to choose from in SF where they don't overcharge you, Limon is not worth it. I've been there four times, three our of four times the bill was not correct. One time, they rang it up for the wrong amount, almost $20 too much. Two other times, more sneakily they entered a tip amount different than what I wrote on the receipt.  One time, it was $3 over, another time it was $16 over. They know what they are doing, it's on purpose. Each time I've talked with them about it they barely apologize, probably disappointed that their scam was made known. If you must go here, pay with CASH, or check your bill and credit card statement after you dine.
I came here with a group of girls last night and was expecting to have a really great experience considering the reviews I had heard. The experience, overall, was mediocre. The food was good but not good enough to make up for the terrible service we received. It took an average of 30 minutes to receive something you had asked for from your server and then we were slammed with the inclusion of a 20% tip (for a party of 6?!?), which I was unaware of from the beginning, upon receiving the bill. So, thanks for that!One thing that really rubbed me the wrong way was the fact that they wouldn't seat us until our full party of 6 was there. So, the 5 of us had to huddle around the inside of the front door because our friend missed her bus. To me, it seems they would want to seat 5 young, fun girls immediately so they start ordering drinks and rack up the tab. But, whatevs!Probably won't be back.
Having a hard time deciding between 3 and 5 stars.On one hand, as always, the wait was excruciating. We had reservations for 8:30, showed up early at 8:15 and didn't get seated until 9:30. They were entirely unapologetic and frankly quite indifferent to our hunger. After putting up quite a fuss they relented and gave us each a small glass of sangria, which helped, but certainly didn't save us from starvation. Service was pretty poor, but thanks to the mandatory 20% tip (we had a party of 7), we couldn't even express our distaste. On the other hand, the food is really remarkable. I particularly loved the truffle mac & cheese, the lomito saltado, and the chicharrones de pollo. The ceviche was good, but not as remarkable as the hot plates. Of course, the chicken (pollo a la brasa) was excellent, though I remain more impressed by the sheer decadence of the mac 'n cheese. And OMG, the panna cotta amazonica was to die for - absolutely amazing - delicious creamy goodness topped with strawberry, raspberry, AND mango coulis. Almost worth the ridiculous wait. And we all ate to our hearts content and had plenty of sangria, all for $25 per person. I'd give it five stars if it wasn't for the wait, cramped space, and lackluster service.In general, I just can't stand eating out in the mission. All of the restaurants here think they are the shit and either (a) don't take reservations at all and require people to wait in the cold, or (b) take reservations, but still make people wait an hour and then eat in a cramped tiny little dining room. The mission needs to get over itself and start respecting its customers. And don't get me started on driving here.  Bikers think they own the road, and they might as well because cars can't survive the steel-sheet-studded roads, where the left lane doesn't move because someone is trying to make a left turn adn the right lane doesn't move because someone is waiting for a parking spot. And parking, nearly impossible, and even if you do find a spot, the cars around you won't hesitate to bumper park their way in and out of spots near you.
This place is delicious. You're missing out if you don't order the chicken. I was lucky enough to try everything on the menu and not one thing has disappointed me. Chicken is cooked just right, this is by far my favorite dish here. There's usually a wait here so reservations are a must. Customer service is great.
The best, and least expensive, meal I've had in the city yet. THe chicken was amazing, so were the yucca fries, the cevice, even the mac and cheese. Really really can't wait to go back.
Definitely recommended to have lunch or dinner here! Great service and food is amazing
Best. Rotisserie. Chicken. Ever!!And the sides are great too! Papas fritas, sweet potato fries, etc etc. Great place for date night too!
The rotisserie chicken was amazing! The sides were pretty good, and my cocktail, a pisco sour, was tasty too.
We had a big reservation for 14 people so we got to sit downstairs. The atmosphere is really nice but you do have to yell a bit for people to hear you, but after you've had the sangria, you don't really mind. They were very generous with refilling the sangria so I never even drank a glass...that's how that works right?The food was amazing - chicken and mac n' cheese were my favorites. The jalea (mixed fried seafood) was fine but nothing to write home about. Sweet potato fries, super delicious. We all shared food, drinks and just had an all around good time.
Limon is Peruvian, family-style dining, but in a trendy and happenin' ambiance. We came with a group of five, and ended up just ordering a bunch of stuff to share around the table. Doing this also saves you a lot of cash!We got a whole chicken, which is their specialty. They're know for their fire-roasted rotisserie chicken here, so you should probably at least get a small portion to try. It is perfect chicken.Other notables were the empanadas...most especially the beef empanadas. They were kind of sweet, and reminded me of Bolivian saltenas. They were super delish! I also enjoyed the ceviche. They have an assortment of different seafoods you can get in your ceviche; we had a mixture of fish and shrimp...so good!Everything we ate was tasty and fresh, the servers were alright (most seemed rushed), and the atmosphere was lively and loud. It's very hoppin', so make a reservation or expect a long wait!
Well well, I am back! To start off, although I eat out a lot and try different restaurants, I'm always guilty of ordering the same or similar things. Granted that way I can compare between the different places I eat. But no, this was my first time having Peruvian food and boy was that menu foreign to me.Armed with my seasoned friends, they took the liberty of ordering a total of 8 dishes. Given that these were all tapas, we were able to try more of the menu out. Surprisingly the food came out really fast and all together. Though this was around 6:30 p.m. and we had a reservation so the restaurant was just starting to fill up for dinner time.The simplest things, relatively speaking turned out to be my favorites, such as the Truffle Mac and Cheese, Yuca fries, and their special for the night- the Grilled Mahi Mahi. Everything else was exceptional, but this being my first time I'm hesitant to give 5 stars right off the bat. I've already made it known that I will come back again, maybe to one of their other locations and try other Peruvian food around the city. Then will I come back and edit this review with educated and credible experiences.Nonetheless, a must try in the city!
This place is da bomb! The rotisserie chicken is so moist! We've been here 3 times now and the chicken has been consistently delicious. The 3 different dipping sauce - OUTSTANDING! I've also tried the sangria - good as well. The beef tongue is very tender, would definitely order again. The lomida is just so-so, I thought the meat was quite chewy. The ceviche mixto is yummy. As for the sides - yucca fries!!
Get the chicken, it is awesome! Other plates were good too, but portions aren't that big. Short ribs and the crispy chicken were delicious. Ceviche was great too, but the fish pieces were a little too big.
Sorry Limon, I'm gonna have to give you a thumbs down. So sad to think that I used to rave about how good this place was. I've been to Limon a couple of times (one in the mission) and LOVED the food. So I raved and told my friends to go there and try ... Until last night. My friends decided to celebrate their birthdays here. The food was burnt, chicken was too salty, and the portions was just unacceptable. We had one plate of each item on the prefix menu to share with 6 people! So we had to order more dishes... and left hungry. Definitely won't be back.The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because the mac and cheese and Lomito Saltado was good.
Super reasonably priced Peruvian food in a becoming-hipster neighborhood. From appetizer to dessert, every item was on point. Chicken aside, their ceviche is made really fresh, with great selection of fish marinated in a tangy sauce, and the beet salad is refreshing addition. Try the truffle mac and cheese just because it has truffle in it. The mango flan was a great ending. Friendly waiters though not so much with the suggestions, but you can't really go wrong. Even their rice and beans was amazing, for some reason. Call ahead, gets crowded all the time.
The chicken was delish and the sangria was very good. So we order second pitcher of sangria but it was less than what they gave us the first time. They put a lot of ice and no barely fruits. So its only good at first.
This place gets ridiculously packed, but I'm not quite sure why...I waited nearly 2 hours for a meal that lasted 20 minutes. The only reason I ate all the food was because I was in dire need of sustenance. The chicken was their specialty, but it wasn't worth the wait. The seasoning was great, but it was only apparent in the skin. The steak and fries were good, but the beef was a little chewy. The yucca fries were a little mushier than I expected, but I've never had yucca fries so perhaps that's how they're supposed to be. The sweet potato fries weren't anything special and neither were the rice & beans.The 2 stars go toward the food and the service - the servers were friendly and efficient. Minus 3 stars for the wait, the atmosphere of the place, and for the type of dining patrons it attracts (hipsters...cough cough). You would think that at a place where the line is out the door, diners would be a bit more considerate about taking their sweet time eating (again, selfish hipsters). I death-stared a couple of tables because they had finished their meals, but continued chatting while the rest of us practically dry-humped each other while waiting to be seated. I literally straddled a guy's leg while he was eating because I need to make room for people to exit the restaurant (yes, there was only one way in...). The only reason I stayed? Because I had already wasted 2 hours of my life. I wasn't about to leave w/out trying out the food - it's the only reason I was there in the first place. Even if you have a reservation, you will need to wait. The food isn't bad, but it's not worth more than a 10-15 min. wait in my opinion. Take your precious minutes (or in my case, hours) some place else where the hosts/hostesses are friendlier and rubbing up against strangers isn't inevitable (unless you're into that stuff...). Also, do not go in groups larger than 2 - apparently, they lack the competency necessary to arrange tables to accommodate bigger parties...trust me, I was in a group of 3.
This is probably my new favorite place in the city. I LOVE Limon.I'm not sure if it was the company (an awesome friend with awesome taste in food), the ambiance (dim but with a pleasant glow) or the freaking FLAVORFUL food (ok, this is probably why), but I left here feeling like I found SF's best secret and the place that represents all that I love about SF.A diverse palette of unique and delicious choices? Check.A restaurant with a (relatively) ton of seating? Check.A welcoming, attentive, and informed waitstaff? Check.Food that leaves you satisfied, craving more? Check.No dent in the wallet when you leave? Check check check!My friend and I ordered the half chicken which came with 3 dipping sauces (super delicious, garlicky, and fresh), 2 sides (we ordered the yuca fries which were kind of tempura-esque and a bean/rice blend which was similarly delicious) + beef tongue with truffle mashed potatoes. All I can say the food was probably some of the most delicious food I've ever had the pleasure of eating here in this beautiful city and I was pleasantly shocked when we got the bill. I HIGHLY recommend this amazing restaurant and I'll be bringing anyone who comes from out of town to this place.
I wanted to like Limon... all my friends rave about how good this place is. Maybe the one on Valencia is better =/I came along with a group of friends. The food was ok, I ordered the "Lomito" Saltado since it was a popular choice. I thought it would have more flavor, but it tasted pretty bland to me. I had to pay with a separate card since I didn't have any cash with me. I asked the waiter if it was fine and he said he was able to do it for me. The end of the night the bill comes I sign off on my portion which was only $40 dollars. Fine. Come next day... I find a charge of the Limon for $40 and another one of $364.00 on my card. WHAT?!!? Apparently the waiter didn't just charge my card for my portion, but for the whole table as well. Luckily I was able to catch it and call the manager to stop the transaction. When I called the Manager he told me that the authorization was just because they had to split the bill. If that were the case why didn't the waiter warn me about the authorization? It didn't make sense, wouldn't you at least warn a customer that the WHOLE bill would be charged to you if you were to split cards. I've done this so many times before and never had this type of situation happen to me.I wanted to like Limon, but with the bland food on top of that the service. I doubt I would ever come back to this location again.
4.5 StarsThis place deserves its spot in 7x7 Magazine's Big Eat SF list.The Rotisserie Chicken is so flavorful and moist. The Ceviche Mixto is fresh with just the right amount of acidity and creaminess. My husband loved the Tacu-Tacu (yellow rice with beans).The "Aji" sauces are absolutely delicious - Chimicurri, Rocoto (Peruvian Red Bell Pepper), and Aji Amarillo (with Peruvian Black Mint)! They go just as perfectly with the Papas Fritas as they do with the chicken (although the chicken doesn't really need any sauce).De-li-cious!
Limon is sick (in a good way) but unusual for Peruvian restaurant. Typical peruano food is served in large portions and leaves you full for a month. Limon reminds me of a French restaurant because the servings are super small. That being said the food flavor is amazing. I especially love the side dish vegetable sateaudos. Order a pitcher of sangria, watch the sf Giants game (huge plus) and chill out. It's approved by Pablo Sandoval. I'm serious his panda logo is on the menu!!! Defiantly the classiest peruvian joint I've seen.
All you need to know is yuca fries and rotisserie chicken. I honestly have not had better. However, they can be inconsistent with their salt. And I'm someone who LOVES salt. One time it was just way too salty even for me. Besides that, I love this place. Minus one star for inconsistency.
YUMMY!This was my first time trying Peruvian food and I was DEFINITELY not disappointed. I wasn't too sure what to expect but my friends have all had great experiences with this place, so I was almost excited. First we got Ceviche de Pescado y Camarn which was absolutely to die for. I couldn't stop munching on it! We also ordered the Pollo a las Brasas which was DELICIOUS. The chicken was soooo tender and flavored. We had The papas fritas (which was normal french fries, nothing fancy about them) and Vegetales salteados which is just sauteed vegetables but VERY tasty! My friends ordered a pitcher of sangria which I had a taste of and it was definitely tasty but I didn't drink too much of it. I'd definitely come back.
Yelp gave me good expectations of this place. Here's why I have to disagree.We used Open Table and saw my name on the hostess's screen when we walked in. She sat my date and I in the basement. Tip about the basement: one end is dark and awkwardly lit and drafty with smaller tables; think middle school dance party in a friend's basement. The other end is warmer and echoey and where they sit all the huge groups; think middle school dance party in a friend's basement, but with a better eye for decorating and funky lighting. For the first time in my life, I asked the server if we could move to another table.We were taken back upstairs to a much better spot, but things did not improve enough. We ordered 4 small plates to share, and cocktails. All 4 of our small plates arrived, 1 of them completely eaten before we even got our cocktails. Both tables next to us had their drinks (cocktails and wine) ordered after ours and served before ours. The meat empanadas were great. I kind of wish I had just binged on those, because everything else was meh (truffle mac n cheese, gallina, and ceviche).To add insult to injury, the hostess then reported me to Open Table as a no-show.The drink menu looks great, and it seems this establishment would be great for groups. But they don't seem to need my business and I won't be giving it to them again.
I hope the owner is reading this review, but I'm guessing not, as Limon is, and will continue to do, just fine without noticing a negative review here and there. But the service we received dining at this location of Limon was absolutely horrendous.Look, before I go on a rare tirade, I will say that the food is great. I enjoyed every bite of the extended pre-fixe menu (that we were actually served), I loved my pisco sour, and coupled with good service would easily be worth the $55 I paid. Highlights were the Rotisserie Chicken and the Tartare. But the customer service was appallingly bad on multiple occasions, and my review will focus on that.So a word to the wise: your "reservation" at Limon means jack. They will overbook because it's a popular restaurant in the Mission.I don't mind waiting a long time for food if it's that good, but why take reservations if you won't honor them!Our reservation for 7 was for 9 PM - we made it late in the afternoon. Hostess says our table will be ready soon. OK fine.9:20. no table, and we're getting hungry, since we put off dinner until 9 PM. We ask the hostess if our table is almost ready, and she flat out lies to us in saying that "it's being cleared as we speak." I was so offended by how BAD she was at her job in the half hour window I chose to observe (not much else to do while waiting in a restaurant that was too loud to talk in, and having experience in fine dining myself like to observe how others do their jobs), that I almost just walked out, or at least talked to a manager, but it was pretty clear that they were so overrun with people that no one would listen anyway.9:40. We've now been asked to relocate where we are standing on TWO DIFFERENT OCCASIONS because we are "in the way". Oh, we're in your way now, even though YOU TOLD US TO MOVE HERE. Oh, and we might not be in the way if you'd seated us somewhere around the time our reservation was set for.10:00 PM. I finally give up and go sit outside with one of my dinner-mates.We were finally seated around 10:15.Drinks were served quickly, and the first courses for the $30/person pre fixe came out quickly. I'll reiterate that the food is fantastic. Unfortunately the online menu is quite out of date, as you no longer get Papa a la Huanacaina. In fact, it seems like they just give you one less dish for the same price, now. My end of the table also only got the Snapper ceviche, even though the pre fixe menu says it comes with ceviche mixto, which is kinda strange considering the other half of the table confirmed getting ceviche mixto. Just reverified (via food porn from that night) that it was in fact all snapper on our plate. Unless, of course, ceviched shrimp and squid all of a sudden look and taste exactly like snapper. And since my friend sitting across from me makes killer shrimp ceviche all the time, I'm going to say no.I'd strongly recommend updating the online menu, especially when you're going to cut back on the number of dishes you'll serve guests in a family-style setting. And if you're going to offer a pre-fixe menu, maybe you'd consider letting patrons see what is actually on the menu. For what it's worth, we were so hungry after waiting for 80 minutes that we just asked the waiter what was on the menu, couldn't really hear him because it was so loud, and it was, you know, after 10 PM already, and just sort of nodded blankly, assuming the waitstaff could serve us our food correctly. Our bad I guess? Sigh...anyway I digress...I was so excited to have the Lomito Saltado, which is one of my favorite dishes around. Oh but whoops, they only served us one plate of it for seven people (we got two plates of everything else). This time I was well aware that there was a mistake, and quickly flagged down the first person I saw, who happened to be a busboy (can always count on the bussing staff, I feel), and told him that we were missing a plate of food.In the lone positive customer service moment of the overly lengthened night, the busboy immediately came back out with another plate of Lomito Saltado...and then was STOPPED BY OUR WAITER and after they talked for a moment, the food was brought back into the kitchen. A new plate was served five minutes later.Our bill was $400. $400 for a downright awful customer service experience. The saving grace of the night was that the food was delicious, but I have to draw the line somewhere!Again, fantastic food, but I don't see a reason in the world to come back here with how awful the service was. I was seriously, SERIOUSLY, disappointed, no, I can't even tell you how disappointed I was. I feel wrong giving this place one star, but I'm shocked we even got food by the time the night was over, with how little the staff that "took care of us" seemed to care.I am still shocked. I hope the owner(s) see(s) this post, just to know that not all is perfect in the Limon world...OK, I feel a little better now that I've written about our Limon experience.
This ones been on my radar for some time. We were going to a concert at Yoshi's so we went a little out of our way to get here. Thinking we would not have any problems getting a table at 5, the place was slammed. Also having reservations and getting there 10 minutes late did not help. Note to self (parking sucks and traffic on Van Ness Ave sucks).We had 1/2 chicken, french fries, salad, cevicheria & empanadas. The wife had Sangria. The chicken came with 3 dipping sauces. I was sooo good you don't need the dipping sauces tho. Cevicheria was nice and spicy. Empanadas were yummy too.The wife said the Sangria was the BEST!Only complaint is not having catchup for the fries. Cool place, GREAT food!
If you're looking for good service, this is NOT the place. Seriously, we were pushed to the side for a long time and were promised a table that was not given to us. I'd rather be told that the next table would be unavailable for at least 40 minutes than to be told that a table would be ready in 5 only to wait around quizzically after 15 minutes have passed.As for the food, I liked it a lot. Other than it being super salty, I loved the chicken. It was juicy and tender and soft. I am ususally a saltaphobe, but I cannot deny that it was delicious. I loved the three aji sauces too, especially the chimichurri which had lots of cilantro. Between 6 people, 3 half chickens were just enough and we tried all the sides. They offer some bottled Peruvian beers too, but definitely go for the sangria. It was delicious.
We have a wonderful Peruvian resturant in Santa Rosa, Sazon. So when we were told of a better Peruvian resturant in SF, we had to try it out.Limon has many good qualities, but it is no Sazon.We did NOT go there for the chicken, nor did we try it.We did start with ceviche, fish and shrimp, executed perfectly. We didn't ask for chips, but a table next to us did, and I can see how it would have added to the experience.I also spotted the yucca fries on our neighbors table and immediately ordered them, delish. Thick cut and stacked like Lincoln logs. Served hot and lightly salted, not oily in the least.In fact, so good we ordered a second helping to come with our tongue...I am moving way to far ahead.We than had the grilled beef heart, outstanding, perfectly cooked, with sauces to enhance not destroy the beef heart. This is where Sazon could improve. The skewered slices were thick and meaty, cooked medium. Hard not to order a second helping!The last item we ordered was the grilled tongue, quite possibly some of the best tongue we have ever had. Sliced thick, we even had the tip served to us, how lucky is that.The above mentioned yuca fries, well I asked for them to be hotter, arriving much too early, they did not give us new ones, they reheated the three pieces given back to them.At first I was put off that they did not replace the order with fresh cooked ones, but than I tried the twice cooked yucca fries, and was really happy.The service was excellent, not a woman server to be found, I appreciated that, all clean cut men, with great manners and professional behavior.The room is noisy, and packed to the gills. We WILL be back, and most likely order the exact same items. If we can corral a couple of more friends, we might try the chicken.
This place was amazing. The food was tasty as all hell and the waitstaff was most excellent. I enjoyed the rotisserie chicken, which I was assured by the waiter had no soy sauce or gluten in it (I am celiac), as well as the tuna tartar with tarot chips.
I expected a lot for so many good reviews on here. It was my friends birthday & she made reservations. We waited 45mins after the reservations to be seated because there was multiple big groups as well. The hostess wasn't any more helpful & was a bit rude. The food was meh. I ordered the half chicken, which had no flavor unless you added sauce to it. My two sides were the yucca which only came with 3, and the tacu tacu, beans & rice mixed together that looked like crap. The truffle Mac n cheese was good but only small portions at a time because the truffle was a bit over powering. It was super hot downstairs and in the end they tried to charge us for multiple dishes that we did not order.
Awesome food. The staff is a little slow.
Waiter was kinda a tool But the ceviche pescado and the sauvignon blanc were delicious! My friends also enjoyed their chicken - pero solo pescado para mi! Yumm
Let's say off the bat that this place is an incredible value if you go as a group and stick with the chicken (to share). Not counting alcohol 6 of us shared 3 whole chickens and a bunch of sides and the total (with tax and tip) was like $70. That's crazy.BTW - this place is deceptively small. We were hanging at the bar waiting for our table to become available (it's a very small space in the main area) and the hostess says "this way"... all of a sudden we're going down the stairs to a huge basement room - NICE!The chicken was good (this is no supermarket rotisserie) and the sides (sweet potato fries, rice, veggies).We went through like 3 pitchers of sangria, which cost us almost as much as the meal itself, but they really do add to the flavor of the experience.I'm not sure if any of the other dishes on the menu would be as good a combined value/meal as the chicken, hence the only 4 stars, but I'm glad I came.
Everything about this place was DELICIOUS. You assume the chicken must be but it's so much more than that. Steak fries, ahi poke, potatoes. We got the set menu which was around $35 a person but WELL WORTH IT since you don't have to worry about ordering. Also we came here for a birthday - the downstairs was packed with large parties, rowdiness, and shot giving. Great time.
I visited Limon Rotisserie on a Wednesday night around 6:00 p.m. with my mom. Already, the restaurant was about half full and the air was filled with the delicious aromas. We were quickly seated at a table for two and given menus. The menu is pretty simple, but there are still quite a few options. We decided on:-Aguadito de Pollo ($5.95): This soup was a little bit salty for us, but still pretty good overall. It has a lot of chicken in it and is very flavorful. It came out nice and hot, which should be a given, but often isn't at many restaurants. It was very satisfying on a cold, rainy day. -Half Chicken ($9.95): We were unsure if this would be enough to share, but the waiter confirmed that it would be. Four large pieces of chicken were served: two white meat and two dark meat pieces. The chicken was moist and very flavorful. The meat was soft and it was fun to try the three different sauces with it. The chicken also comes with two sides (which you can pick from a list). We chose:-Yuca Fries: 4/dish. Light crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside. These are a must try and go great with the various dipping sauces. They taste very much like mashed potatoes on the inside. -Vegetales Salteados: A mixture of sauted green beans, onions, and bell peppers. Sort of tastes like there's some soy sauce in the blend. Nothing really out of the ordinary, but I still enjoyed this side dish. Overall, this was plenty of food for the two of us. Both my mom and I really enjoyed the meal. Everything came out hot and tasted fresh. On top of that, the prices are very fair and the service is good!Notes:-The staff is very friendly. They refill water promptly and respond to "thank-you's."-Street parking in the area is not great, but manageable because it is somewhat away from the busy-ness.-Family style dining!-The restaurant is casual enough for an everyday meal, but has the ambiance of a nicer restaurant for a casual date.
The food is really good but it's hard to enjoy it when the place is so crowded and noisy. We had a reservation at 9.30pm but ended up waiting for a good 20 minutes as our table was not ready, which meant we were rushed to eat our dinner before they closed. We were not even offered to have a dessert; just to pay and leave. Basically, except for the food, Limon doesn't have much to offer.
love, love, LOVE!I came with my friend on Saturday and was pretty pumped up to eat because it was my first time trying Peruvian food! We were super worried we were going to lose our reservations because a) we heard this place is always crowded, and b) parking in SF is always a pain in the posterior. Thankfully, we were only 15 minutes late and snagged our table before it was given away to other customers waiting in line to be seated. Their menu is pretty simple, but we ordered a lot!We shared: half a chicken, cerviche mixto, tacu-tacu, patatas fritas, and lomito saltado. Not only were ALL these dishes de-to the licious, but definitely worth what you pay for!- chicken: ahhh soooo tasty! Ridiculous moist... you MUST get this! The chicken comes with dipping sauce, which adds more pizazz to your meal, but honestly, you can eat the chicken alone because it's so flavorful already! Also, totally worth your money because it comes with two side dishes.- tacu-tacu: first time eating this... okay, it doesn't look that appealing at first, but it had a nice crispy texture. Even though it's so simple, yet it tastes good!- patatas fritas: not bad... kinda like any other french fries... crispy and fresh.- cerviche mixto: mm yummmm =) definitely get this!! melt in your mouth gooood!-lomito saltado: the steak pieces were so tender and delicious! I loved the sauce with it! However,Service was okay... our server didn't seem very happy that day or something and didn't even come back once to check on us to see if we're doing okay... but I don't think that matters very much because I was too busy stuffing my face with pure deliciousness.Be sure to make reservations! This place is pretty small and cramped that there's always a constant flow of people coming in and waiting for a table. Oooh man... I really wish I can bring some chicken back home with me... I can't wait to come back here in the future!! I'm so thankful such a unique restaurant exists like this!
Some of the best Peruvian food I've had. Pretty affordable too, but the atmosphere is cramped. My group of 4 was seated near the entrance and people waiting to be seated were crowded around us. Sometimes the back of our heads were touch by people's jackets or elbows.Despite all that, the Pollo a la Braza was delicious as was the Lomito Saltado. I would go back, but maybe not on a Friday or Saturday.
yum!We had:- Half chicken (it's what this place is famous for so we had to get the Peruvian chicken!)- Cerviche Mixto (with fish, calamri, and tiger shrimp)- the chicken came with 2 sides, we picked the yuca fries and the tacu tacu (rice and beans)for cocktails we had the Pisco Sour. Everything - the food and drinks - were delicious! It's a cute space and parking around here is not too bad. Will definitely come back and also will check out their other locations!
If you're looking for good food for a casual date or casual dinner with friends, you can't go wrong with Limon Rotisserie. I've been here four or five times and food was always fresh and delicious - consistency is key.You also can't go wrong with these staples: chicken, ceviche, and sangria.I also tried beef tongue last time I went and it was super tender.
I had been wanting to try this place since one of my friends had been raving about it. So, I was able to make reservations for us through Yelp on a Sunday evening. We arrived 10 mins before our reservation and the hostess welcomed us and asked if we wanted to sit in the main dining area or downstairs and we opted to sit downstairs. The place was already packed. Once we got downstairs it was less noisy, but still busy. Our waitress handed us the menus and after asking my friend what she's already tried, we settled on a whole chicken (cut into 8 pieces), tacu-tacu, yucca fries, and veggies. We opted for water to drink. Our food came out really quickly! The chicken was probably one of the best rotisserie chickens I've had in my life. Seriously. The spices were so flavorful and the chicken was so moist, yet the skin was crispy. It's definitely a no-brainer that the chicken is a must-have when dining here. The side dishes were superb as well! The tacu-tacu, which is a combo of beans and rice was cooked really nicely. It wasn't overly mushy, but just right. The yucca fries were nice and crisp...so perfectly fried that I could've ate them all! The veggies were deliciously seasoned. The complimentary sauces went well with all the sides and the chicken. Duh!Overall, I had a great first-time experience here and would definitely come back without a doubt. The food exceeded my expectations. The service was good. Our waiter always made sure to ask if we were doing ok and another waiter would fill our water without us having to ask. For a grand total of $25 before tip for two, you just can't beat that! I highly suggest making a reservation because there were quite a few people waiting outside and they get busy so quickly. Parking can be difficult as we circled the block 3 times before we found a space 6 cars from the doorway. So, definitely make enough time for the parking situation.
I ordered the Roasted Chicken, Beef tongue, Ceviche Mixto, and side orders of TacuTacu and Yuka fries.Let me start off with the good. The Sides are the best. The Yuka fries come in 3 difference sauce dips which 2 of the 3 are too die for. However they only give you 4 sticks.The TacuTacu is just as fantastic. Love it on its on! The Chicken was dry and there was nothing special about it. I would enjoy the already cooked roasted chicken you can get for $7.00 at Safeway or Costco over it.The Beef Tongue tasted great! But again, this was dry! Over cooked or possibly was sitting for a few hours and they decided to warm it up.The Ceviche, nothing special as well. I think this place is a bit hyped up. Aint nothing special about it.
Yesterday was the sunny sort that begged for a pitcher of sangria, a plate of ceviche, a whole pollo a la brasa cut into eight pieces and ahi tuna tartare. Also for good measure, yuca and sweet potato fries, ensalada rusa and lomito saltado. It's lucky that I had six pals to help me eat this feast!A longtime fan of Limon, I was excited to try Limon Rotisserie and it did not disappoint. I often host at least one group meal whilst in San Francisco and I am happy to report that Limon Rotisserie is definitely built for sharing. In fact, it's probably one of those places that's better for four than two; it worked really well for our party of seven. Just make sure to book a table in advance.Pescatarians will have no issue here but vegetarians may be less satisfied. Final piece of advice? Save room for dessert.
You definitely need to make reservations, this place was constantly overflowing with patrons. We sat downstairs which echoed very loudly. I could barely hear myself speak. Get a pitcher of red sangria for $25. Its an amazing deal because you get a ginormous amount of it and it's potent!The rotisserie chicken is very tasty and juicy and the accompanying sauces are to die. My FAV were the Yucca fries. Perfectly crisp on the outside with a smooth and starchy center. Screw sweet potatoes. Its all about the yucca!Other honorable mentions: The tuna tartare as an appetizer. Didn't try the empanadas but I hear that they are Panda Sandoval approved! :)
Our favorite restaurant on our trip up the coast to California! So awesome, fresh and delicious! The price was so reasonable and we left stuffed! Wine list was great and food came quickly! This is a must when in San Fran!
Whenever anyone asks me for a recommendation for good eats in the city, I always suggest Limon Rotisserie. Limon is a charming restaurant in Mission district, serving Peruvian food so good that it makes me want to lick my plate clean and drink every drop of their delicious sangria!Don't forget to start your meal with a pitcher of sangria -- a glass will disappear quickly. :) I have been to Limon three times so far and my "go to's" are definitely the rotisserie chicken and sangria. You really can't go wrong with those two. Order the half chicken (to share for two) and you'll receive fantastic melt-in-your-mouth, juicy chicken. The skin is perfection! The chicken comes with a trio of sauces (aji amarillo, rocoto, and chimichurri), which send this dish above and beyond expectation. I wind up asking for an extra order every time because I wind up dipping everything in it! You are also offered two side dishes. We ordered the tacu tacu and yucca fries, good pairings, but don't let them distract you from this chicken. Yum!Other dishes that I've tried include the chicharron de pollo, a fried chicken dish that hints at Asian cuisine undertones (I definitely detect soy sauce). The dish is served as a mound of chicken with red onions stacked at the top. Good for snackin'Seco de Costillas is a very hearty, homey, braised beef short ribs dish, that just warms my soul! Overall, most of the dishes have a similar flavor profile. If you like one dish here, you will probably find some additional favorites! To top it off, the service here is quick, the food is well priced, and the ambiance...like I said, charming. :) I would come to Limon on a date, to catch up with friends over lunch or dinner -- basically, anytime!
It's pretty packed during dinner time but they allow you to self seat at the bar and order food there which is what we ended up doing. The bartender was also really cool about us loitering around the bar while we waited for our entire party to arrive. I also wasn't sure what I wanted to drink and he was super nice about making a couple recommendations. Brownie points because a super pet peeve of mine is when bartenders think they are the shit because they get to serve alcohol for a living and think they are above everyone standing on the other side of the bar. We had:Civiche Mixto: seafood was SO fresh. def recommendAnticuchos de Res: grilled beef hearts, really good. doesn't taste as weird as it soundsChicharron de Pollo: the chicken that everyone and their mom gets when coming here. didn't disappoint. Lomito Saltado: top sirloin strips with fries, a bit on the dry side. probably wouldnt get this again next time
I had a great experience here recently and I'm now a bit mad at myself for not getting to this location sooner. It's a very casual and relaxing place with fresh and clean food that is super tasty. If you sit right next to the cooking station, be prepared for a bit of noise. If there are no tables available then go to the bar and wait for a table or just eat there.We had the Ceviche Mixto, Antichucos De Res, and the Seco De Costillas. Each of these dishes were fantastic and not one morsel was left behind!I will make this a regular stop when I'm in this part of town at dinner time.
Loved this place! All the food was so delicious and our server was so funny and friendly!We had the Pollo a la Brasa, Cevicheria, Lomito Saltado, Truffle Mac and Cheese, Yuca fries, and Tacu-Tacu. Everything was so good! I'd say the Pollo a la Brasa and Lomito Saltado were the most enjoyable for me (: The chicken was sooo tender, moist, and full of flavor. I'd say it was my favorite out of everything.I also ordered a Divina Pasion, it was also tasty and not too strong. Had a sip of the Pa Bravo Yo, and sweet baby Jeebus! That thing was super strong! But not bad if you're into that. Yummy food and great service. I'd come back again.
Stopped by for dinner, it was near closing time but they happily seated us. Started off with the mix ceviche, which was just ok. The calamari is definitely the weak spot, it was rubbery and wasn't very flavorful, i'd skip it and focus on just the fish/shrimp. It was also pretty spicy which i liked but was a bit too much for my wife. For mains we had the chicharones that were tasty but not at all crispy as you'd expect but more had more of chewy texture, good dish just know what to expect. Also split half a rotisserie chicken and it was great, tender and flavorful. it comes with three sauces that are nice but honestly they're not needed as the chicken is fine as is. Split the chocolate bandido for dessert, meh, feels store bought and a bit too dense. I'd come back for the chicken dishes, everything else is so so. The service was fantastic all through the meal and deserves a good word too.
I don't speak Spanish anymore, but me encanto! Muy delicioso.The drinks. The salads.The ceviche.The chicken chicharrones.The beef.The steak.The basement.We did a prix fixe menu as there were 12 of us, and let me tell you, it is the way to go! You get a delicious, phenomenal, well-rounded sampling of their salads, sides, and dishes overall--items that I know I normally wouldn't order off the menu, but am SO glad I had.
Get the ceviche mixto and the tacu tacu! Limon is a must when I have friends in town. It's great food, great atmosphere and great service for a reasonable price. The ceviche is awesome, and the tacu tacu is delish. (The hanger steak isn't bad either!)Go there now!
Small portions and overpriced. The food was just ok. I've been to many Peruvian restaurants all over the world so maybe I had high hopes since this place is on the San Francisco Mission District. Just ok...and if you are hungry one portion will not be enough, so prepare yourself for a bigger bill.
This has to be one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. It's great with larger parties. The food is delicious. Lomo saltado, empanadas, ceviche, short ribs, all of it. The chicken and sauces are great!
Came here for my 2 year anniversary with my boyfriend and it was a night to remember! We came in just before 7:30 and was immediately seated! Our waiter was superb, haha he could tell two teenage dorks were celebrating special and tried to make small talk and recommendations. The noise level was average, somewhat noisy but the ambiance was great! Dimmed lighting but lit with the kitchen lights...super nice! Onto the food! We got the half rotisserie chicken with three sides. The yuca fries with dips are AMAZING! The healthier alternative to potatoes, YUM! Also had the lomito saltado, a bit to salty but my bf loved it and we got the fried seafood dish as well..wasn't a huge dish but still tasted great! But to be honest, a whole chicken with 3sides would've been enough but we just had other things! No regrets whatsoever! I will definitely come back!
Better than Pio Pio from NY! And who knew that a Peruvian place could come up with such delicious truffle mac and cheese. The variety and deliciousness of the sauces just ups another star. The "Lomitos" is solid as well. Peruvian chicken places are usually known for one really good thing and decent other choices. I have to say everything here is done really well! So why minus 1 star? I'm not a fan of tapas as the value is not usually there. This is similar, but value is better than other pure tapas places.
Probably the most authentic Peruvian I've had, and I've been to Peru. We tried most everything on the menu. Ceviches were excellent. The rotisserie chicken was a tad salty but moist and delicious. Yuca and sweet potato fries were perfectly fried and nice with the sauces. The anticucho was cooked medium rare and really tasty. The fried seafood was excellent as well, as were the empanadas. They do a good job frying here, nothing was oily at all.My only gripe was the Sangria was on the light side. We ended with Cuzquena beers.This place was packed on Friday night and we had to wait a while even with reservations. There's a downstairs section with more seating, but upstairs is where you get the aromas from the kitchen.
Bottom Line - I don't know why this place has such a high average rating. The food is underwhelming and the desserts aren't house-made. I wouldn't wait in line for a table when there are so many good restaurants in the city.I cam on 27 May 2011 with a friend for dinner. We had made reservations a couple hours earlier online, so when we arrived, we bypassed the queue of people waiting for tables. We ordered the following:Ceviche Mixto ($9.75, fish, calamari and tiger shrimp) - The civiche mixto was okay. In retrospect, it was one of the better dishes we ordered. However, I'm not sure I would order it again... it was slightly too salty.Empanada Pollo ($7.25, shredded roasted chicken, hard-boiled eggs, olives and capers) - I wasn't feeling this dish. The chicken was a bit dry and not flavourful enough. I wouldn't order this again.Empanada de Vegetables ($7.25, mushroom, spinach, choclo and mascarpone) - This was much tastier than the chicken empanada. I would totally order this again; however, I wish the inside were a bit warmer.Seco de Costillas ($8.95, braised boneless beef short ribs with huacatay and cilantro. Served with potatoes, carrots and english peas) - This dish was the one of the better ones; however, the short ribs could have been more tender. Lomito Salteado ($9.75, Stir-fried top sirloin strips, onions, tomato and soy sauce. Served with fries) - This dish was okay. I thought the beef was a bit tough; however, my meal-mate seemed to like it. He'd order it again, and I would now.Profiteroles ($6.75) - This was awful. I swear these are the cream puffs that you get from Costco's freezer section. They were soggy on the outside, and not very creamy on the inside. We felt ripped-off. I seriously wanted to confront them about getting these from Costco...Panna Cotta ($6.75) - This was as awful as the profiteroles. This was actually NOT panna cotta. It was a lot closer to Jell-O No Bake. I felt embarrassed for the restaurant.Dessert seriously ruined my entire view of this restaurant. Because of it, I would not come back, and seriously would refuse to wait in queue. At least the meal wasn't too expensive.Along with a pisco sour ($9.00) and a bottle of Pelligrino ($6.00), our bill came to $71.45 + 6.79 tax + 16.00 tip = $94.24 for the two of us.
I tried out the place last night and really loved it! We were a huge table and got to sit in the basement area, which was very dark and still very nice. Absolutely not intimate, but just... the way you would imagine a great Peruvian party (probably a total clich!)We ordered a lot of dishes and shared, so I don't really know what I had, but I definititely remember pollo, fries, ceviche, tuna tartare and salad. Everything was really tasty and I loved it!The sangria was also really good, which is always a good point, isn't it?
I've had some peruvian chicken in my time. this ranks pretty high on the delicious scale, but i'm a little bit turned off by the higher price point.
Food is good but they made us wait 30min despite having reservations. Hostess suggested that waiting 30min was normal on a Thursday night, despite the fact that we had a reservation. Why bother making a reservation if they are going to make you wait?!?
Night before/of the Apocalypse. We walk 2+2 blocks southeast to try the newer Limon Rotisserie on SVN. Possibly our last meal on Earth.The lighting and table layout gives a cafeteria feel.The waiter called them 'cold dishes.' There was a salad, preassembled with a flavorless dressing. The ceviche was not fresh, was cut large and sloppily prepared. Watch for the bones.On to the hot. Shortribs had no flavor at all. None. Peas, potatoes and gravy. No flavor at all. The Chiccarons de Pollo defy explanation. Must have been heated five times in seven days. Painful to think about. Bad, just bad. There was a personal cost.I want to ignore this place to death. Luckily we made it to Benders and the world survived.
We frequent Limon almost once a week and we love the food and the Service. Freddy and Sergio are great and we never get tired of going to Limon. As a matter of fact we even had our company holiday party at Limon last year and the staff said it was the best one ever!  We love you Limon on South Van Ness!
Only complaint was how smokey it was in there! Other than that, food was great + not too pricey, and sangria was tasty!Rotisserie Chicken - of course you have to get this, so moistEmpanadas - WOW, i dont typically like these but really well made - pastry crust was impressive.Lomito Saltado - yum! Love that it's a little less salty than fresca, but bummer they mix the fries and meat/sauce for you so it's already all very saucey.Sangria is good. $6/glass or $25/pitcher.
It was my first time to visit this location of Limon. I went there in a group of 4 on Sun, early dinner.*Good things*- All of their dishes go well with alcohol.- Their rotisserie chicken is really good! - The atmosphere is very livery and casual.- The parking is easy on the street in the area.- Food comes out really fast.*Some stuff that could be better...*- It's pretty noisy and crowded and the waiters/waitresses kept giving us a hint of "please leave when you are done" feeling.- Most of our dishes were VERY salty and oily. - This is minor but their menu is kind of hard to read since they mix food items and drink items on the same page.
I think this is officially my favorite tapas place. The menu offerings aren't big, but what they do have is really, really delicious food. I'm sure I made "mmm" sounds with every single bite. I like Limon for two reasons: affordable and tasty. And those two reasons will easily keep me coming back for more. Everything we ordered was finger-lickin-delicious!Ceviche Mixto - Ooooh very limey and generous portions of fish, calamari and tiger shrimp. I really liked the big corn kernels which were really sweet. Carne Empanadas - Can't go wrong with crispy pastry dough! And finally, empanadas with no cheese? Yep. Just perfect. The meat was really moist thanks to the onions, eggs and raisins. Accompanied with an amazing chile lime sauce. Two per order.Aguadito de Pollo - Imagine a spicy chowder-like soup made with chicken, rice, huacatay and cilantro. Warm and yummy.Chicharron de Pollo - I love fried chicken and these little crispy pieces of heaven were damn good! Love the thinly slice red onion topper and the sauce, oh, the sauce...salsa criolla, can I have you every night with dinner?Lomito Saltado - The stir-fried top sirloin strips were tender, juicy, succulent and full of flavor. The onions, tomatoes and fries just topped this baby off perfectly.Dinner is never complete without dessert! Get the chocolate bandido. Trust me, it's that good and you won't regret it. Super chocolatey, sweet, and just hits the spot. The crunchy topper on top was mouthwatering good, too. It was like a chocolatey-caramel-nut-brittle-thing. Drools.Mmmm. I want to go back. Like. Right. Now.
Been here two times now and it never fails to amaze :) The service is amazing, if not your server than the manager/owner(?) comes by to make sure your waters are filled and that your bellies are happy oh and if you need a refill on your sangria or beer. This time I discovered that there were restrooms downstairs (3 stalls) so I ventured down there. It definitely felt like a whole different atmosphere, more hip and young with red lighting and a bar compared to the bustling homey feel of the upstairs dining room. Who cares about all that stuff when Limon has the most amazing ceviche! Ceviche Mixto- shrimp, calamari, fish = orgasm in my mouth! The Chicken, steaming hot when brought to the table, is super moist. Not only that, but you have 3 different dipping sauces to alternate between. And my absolute favorite menu item, the Tacu Tacu. What it's made of, I'm not too sure, rice and beans with awesome crispy burnt pieces, but it's SO GOOD! :)
What can I say other than get the chicken. I love grilled chicken, particularly latin style ones. The spices they use for their chicken is the shit! Oh and their sauces is redonk too!. Like damn how you do that there in my mouth? Tasting so good like that? Nothing but praise for their chicken, but now to the side dishes....dun dun duuuun...We got a variety of side dishes, the chicharon con pollo, the tacu tacu, and some other dish, I forgot now, were all really salty. I was not impressed by them what so ever. It was kind of a let down. Although these three dishes let me down, I am still willing to try other things on the menu. Overall great place to crub. Shit Im hungry now.
Love their food but to arrive their 30 mins b4 they close n they say they're close and refuse to serve us that's unacceptable...
Went here last night with a friend and I can't say enough about this place. My friend and I both ordered the sangria. I can go here everyday!!! Too yummy!!
Hands down this place serves the best Peruvian food.. The area is larger than the other branch in Valencia. I had pisco sour, lychee sour, lychee martini, ceviche (tigre cocktail), sea food paella.. It was so good! This place is also great for parties sized 6 - 10.. The only flip side is the service is too slow.. We had to wait to get noticed by the server, order drinks/food literally everything.. But I will still be happy to go back because the food is awesome
Amazing food!! The ceviche is the real way to do it! Great ambiance, service and food.
Limon is seriously delicious. I had a reservation for a large party on a (very loud) Saturday night and was generally happy with how it turned out. We were seated downstairs, and it was a really tight fit--but that was to be expected.One woman that answers the phone is not helpful at all with reservations for big parties. On the day of, the server was decent, although he couldn't really explain the pre-fix menu that well or help me with doing an entree trade for one person since they didn't eat chicken.We opted for the $32/each person side of the pre-fix menu, because of the empanadas that I raved to everyone about beforehand. That's why I was SO disappointed when they only brought TWO plates (with two empanadas each) and they only had cheese in them!! Four empanadas...fourteen people!? And not with the same delicious veggie ingredients as the regular menu? I think they tried to make up for this with lots of yuca fries, but I thought it was a sneaky move. I'm hoping this was a one-time thing. The chicken is amazing though. For that, I'll be back.
This is a review on an experience Saturday, October 13th at 6:35pm. I write this in the hope that the restaurant manager will identify the hostess working that night.My girlfriend organized an amazing surprise birthday party for me and ten friends. This had been planned for over two weeks. Upon arrival, we were informed that we were "inexcusably late" by the hostess (note we arrived at 6:35pm for a 6:30 reservation). She told us that she had stated on the phone earlier we needed to be at the restaurant at 6:30 on the dot. However, upon followup we found that "policy" was never stated - we were five minutes late and didn't think it would cause an issue.Here is what ensued:- I had to get involved (it was my birthday) and tell her we needed to be seated.- Only upon threat of a bad Yelp review did she listen to us.- Upon being seated, service was poor, taking our drink order over twenty minutes after initially being seated.- We were also informed that, because we were "late," we would need to be out of the seats by 8:30. Note the last point was not a big issue, we can eat in two hours. But for them to give us such an attitude was unforgivable. The food was alright; it reminded me of a cheap quality (but overpriced) version of Fogo de Chau. It made no sense why you rushed us, Limon. You weren't even full on a Saturday. You ruined my birthday and I will be outspoken in my belief that you are a poor eating establishment. There are such better options in this area - avoid Limon at all costs.Please speak with the server who was working at 6:30pm on Saturday, October 13th. Shame on you.
This place is really fantastic.  Everything we ordered on the menu, ie: Truffle Mac and Cheese was delicious. The Chicken was well done with a great use of herbs and seasoning and perfectly moist. Cocktails are great. Worth every penny. We will be back.  Compliments to the Chef...
Great place to go with a group, we checked it out on a sunday and you should definitley make a reservation. The atmosphere is very spicy,service excellent. I personaly ordered the Rotiseree chicken and it was very tender and juicy. One of my friends had some sort of seafood civiche that was amazing. Another plus is the heavy poors they make with the wine. Cant wait to try more of the ceviche!
The Ceviche and the Chicken are amazing. Thats all I ever get and its always good.
Bf and I went last night. I tried to make reservations on OpenTable through their website, but there weren't any available for the time we wanted. I called to double-check, and voila! We had reservations for 8pm.It was very busy when we walked in, but we were seated immediately. I could see why people might say the service was slow, but it was actually perfect for us because we had time to figure out exactly what we wanted (and change our minds a couple times) before the waiter came. I always hate it when I haven't even had a chance to look at the menu when the waiter comes by, so this was perfect.We started with drinks. I had the caipirinha (which I still can't pronounce.. is it ky-pah-REEN-a? anyway.) and my bf asked for the waiter's suggestion on white wines. He ended up with a Peruvian white that he enjoyed. I also love it when waiter's don't automatically suggest the most expensive wine on the list, and he did not. :)Bf had actually been here before, and he has been talking about the rotisserie chicken pretty much since we started dating, so I knew we were getting that. We ordered a half chicken, and basically all the sides. It ended up being 3 different kinds of fries, rice, veggies in a soy-kinda stir fry, and a beans and rice dish. So it was a little bit of carb-overload, but I looooove carbs so I didn't mind. The yuca fries are delish, although very carby. We liked the sweet potato fries too. Next time, we'd skip the regular fries and the rice...we just didn't need all of that food.The dipping sauces were great (same as the ones at Limon in the Mission (yelp.com/user_details?us)).The best part came when we got the bill. It was only $43, including drinks! I can't remember the last time I went somewhere and had a good meal plus drinks for $20 pp. Amazing! We will definitely be back.
We were able to walk in without a reservation (lucky). Seating downstairs in the lounge was more relaxed and the service was good. Started with sangria, which was fantastic. My family ordered a chicken with sides. And then we got the ceviche mixto and two salads. We also ordered the jaela which was my favorite. H liked the ceviche the best. Everything was tasty and well prepared. Next time we are in san fran we will most likely be back.
I had one of the best meals I've had in awhile at Limon Rotisserie. I'm not joking. This place is SO delicious! Went around 6 on a Friday night and was able to get a seat downstairs. Since every other review has pretty much covered the bases, I won't go into too much detail. Chicken - a MUST. I mean, the word "rotisserie" is in the restaurant name.The sauces - um, yes please. I have no idea what they were, but they made my taste buds pretty happy.Mango Lemonade - screw alcohol, the mango lemonade is where it's at!Plus, the service is great (our waiter offered to take a picture for us with my confusing DSLR). I will definitely return!
I wasn't thrilled to make a reservation and end up being seated in the downstairs area--a low-ceilinged, bare area lacking the ambiance of upstairs. We could have waited for an upstairs spot, but we didn't want to spend the extra time. Our server was very nice and attentive--until a large group of 30 or so people arrived and took his time. Fortunately this was near the end of our meal and the main effect was waiting a long time to receive our check. This huge group did make the loud basement room pretty loud, though, so conversation with my companion became more challenging.The food came within a few minutes of ordering and was average overall. The best things were the roasted chicken, the sauces, and the profiterole dessert; the tacu tacu and salad side dishes were nice accompaniments. The beef in the lomito was not tender, and the ceviche fish did not have the firmness I prefer and was pretty acid tasting. (It's possible to have a nuanced citrus flavor in ceviche, but this was straight lemon.)Overall, I'd say this is pretty average Peruvian food. It had more of a feel of a small chain restaurant (which it is) than a quality eatery. The price was reasonable--we each had a drink and all the things mentioned above and spent only $40 each with tip--but I'll look for another Peruvian restaurant the next time I'm in the City.
This was my second time coming to Limon and the chicken was just a tasty as I remembered -- seasoned well, the meat is juicy and the skin has just the right amount of crispy and pairs well with the 3 signature sauces that they offer.We ordered the half chicken, which came with two sides, we ordered the yuca fries and sauted vegetables. No complaints, both were delish.We tried the macaroni and cheese for the first time as an additional side order -- definitely a must have! You will be glad you tried it. The portion size is great for two.We sat downstairs again, by choice, prefer it to the upstairs. Regarding noise level, it's a bit noisy, but you can still hold a conversation. Love the ambiance, and the service is superb. After noticing that the server left the beer off our bill, he smiled and said "no worries, its on the house."Limon is definitely a gem. You get great food in decent portions, for a very fair price.We will definitely be returning.
Meh is right. I simply wasn't impressed. A lot of their food was over-salted and the drinks were nothing to write home about. The service was shaky at best and the hostess (although very cute!) was a complete & total idiot who kept saying "2 more minutes!" regarding when we'd be seated. Truth be told, we had a reservation and still had to wait about a half hour. I usually don't care about that type of stuff, but don't bullshit me. Tell me you're running behind, invite me to go have a drink at the bar, and have my server send out some cheapo appetizer of the house. "2 minutes" said about 15 times, equals 30...dumb shit. For the price point, the place looks like you're dining in a taqueria. I certainly don't understand what the hype is all about and although it wasn't terrible, I'd never come back.
Really enjoyed this restaurant while visiting SF over Thanksgiving weekend. My husband and I shared the half chicken with two sides and it was plenty of food! The chicken was wonderful and loved the yucca fries! Service was great although the kitchen did screw up our appetizers. But everything was fixed and it was a nice meal.
pisco sours are so good!!rotisserie chicken is extremely flavorful and moist!everything just had tons of flavor* i apologize in advance for being lazy and not providing review details!
The grilled chicken is great. Pisco sours as well. Yum!
I am Peruvian and I must say, this place rocks.I love the rotisserie chicken and the fact that they give you the option to pick two side dishes (included on the price of the chicken). As side dishes, I personally love the fried yuca and the fried sweet potatoes. Yummy!My other favorites are the flank steak (the most tender flank steak you can find in the city), ceviche, and lomito saltado.It's hard to find an authentic Peruvian restaurant in the city, but Limon Rotisserie doesn't disappoint me at all!
I love the portion, the roast chicken and yuca fries are definitely to try and worth.
Overrated. The first and last time i came was almost two years ago.The food was alright and the drinks were good, but one thing that caught my attention and basically ruined my experience was the MCDONALD'S french fries they served!!! What a joke. I thought it was me, but i had my friends taste my fries and they confirmed it as well and we all laughed at the fact that Limon tried passing it as their own fries.You can pass this place and go for something better.
GREAT CHICKEN...but that's mostly itWe arrived to a packed dining room of patrons so it took a little while for us to get seated. I wondered how in the hell were they going fit out group! Lo and behold they have a downstairs where they still ALL the large parties. The head of our party decided beforehand that a prix fixe menu would be easier for everyone to decide and split the bill in the end. The total price came out to $39 each which for all the shared courses was quite worth it. My complaint with the prix fixe however is that most of the dishes were plain and forgettable except for the CHICKEN and ceviche. And on top of that, not a single person once explained ANY of the dishes. So not only did we not get any menus upon seating, but we were also blindly eating everything and having to guess the non-obvious ones.The sangria is also tasty and great for sharing___May '12 Health Score - 87
Went here for dinner with my girlfriend. First time here. I ordered the Lomito Saltado and my girlfriend ordered half a chicken with salad and yuca fries.My food was decent, the flavor was a strong lime and sort of a balsamic vinegar pungent taste but I liked it. The dishes here are quite small so if your a big eater, either order like a full chicken or 2 or more plates for yourself! The chicken was well seasoned and I liked it, the food also came with sauces that were quite unique and I liked them.
This restaurant was excellent! Great food, great service, great atmosphere. My group got a whole bunch of appetizers and a whole chicken to share. The most memorable dishes were the mac and cheese and the chicken. First, that mac. I'm sorry to everyone I was sharing with because I think I ate half of it on my own. Wait, I'm not sorry. It was delicious. The whole chicken was juicy (even the white meat!) and the skin was crispy and flavorful. The sauces that we got with the chicken were also great. I will definitely need to come back here next time I find myself in San Fran!
GNO at Limn on 1/26/13!We had a 7:30 reservation for 7 of us but we were not seated until probably 8:15. No bueno. But to be fair, I didn't even arrive to the restaurant on time because parking in the area SUCKS, so I didn't have to wait too long. We were seated upstairs, kind of a small space, but I'm not sure how big the downstairs space is. We were all so hungry that we sat down for 2 minutes and already knew what to order. We started off with Ceviche De Pescado Y Camarn (fish and shrimp) - deliciously served with a mildly spicy sauce. It wasn't enough for the 7 of us so we ordered a second :)Our meal consisted of two roasted chickens (savory free-range chicken slowly roasted over open flame. all portions come with two sides of your choice and "aji" sauces. whole chicken (cut in 4 or 8 pieces) - sometimes I am hesitant to order chicken because it can turn out dry but luckily, this wasn't the case. The skin of the chicken had a light crispy texture and the chicken was moist. The four sides we chose to accompany the chicken with were the yuca fries (starchy, just okay), tacu tacu (meh, it's just grains), vegetales salteados (string beans, red peppers, onions, and a few other ingredients - okay, kinda salty), and sweet potato fries (the best!).I also really wanted the carne empanada (hand-cut top sirloin, sweated in onions, & finished with hard boiled eggs and raisins). I expected better, but maybe I didn't get to enjoy the whole experience of it since we cut it up to share between us. The ambiance is great for a date, a simple night out, or for a group setting. I would definitely come back to try some more dishes :)
The Good:- Empanadas were fantastic, the filling was very flavorful. Outstanding!- Cerviche de Pescado was very fresh and tasty- Pitcher of Sangria, pricey but deliciousThe Bad:- Basement is super noisy, fine for a party not a date night- Portions are a bit hit or miss. The cerviche and Costillas Nikkei were a decent size while the Lomito Saltado was good but there was very little beef- Service was a little on the slow sideAll in all had a good time and would return, just use open table to make a reservation upstairs...
Food was delicious. Service was phenomenal - the waiter was a character to say the least. We even offered for him to grab a chair and join us. Chicken, sweet potato fries and sangria, needless to say it was a heavenly meal.
THE FOOD IS AWESOME!!The service is warm and greatThey serve the food fast. I loved this place.
Everything here is spectacular. delicious ceviche, lomo saltado, and tender rotisserie. Only complaint is portion size
Service was a bit spotty... Didnt like the dark basement... Chicken was yummy, but so is Safeway's... Beef was average. Probably won't be back... Neighborhood kinda sucks anyway.
Bottom Line: This is a great option for a reasonably priced Peruvian restaurant. I still love Fresca on 24th and nothing beats La Costanera in Montara (I mean it even has a Michelin star), but Limn was delicious. Pros: - Rotisserie chicken is a MUST have- The trio of sauces- MMM, pisco sour and cactus sour- Staff is very attentive and balanced each other out wellCons:- The red snapper ceviche was good, but not anything special- I'm not a vegetarian, but I was disappointed but the lack of vegetables. It was all fish and meat! We had the one vegetable dish, seasonal veggies, which was green beans and it was actually pretty good. I wish they had more options. Next time I want to try sitting downstairs. It seems roomier and even has another bar.
Went here for a friend's birthday, and like always, this place always comes through.For a party of 6, and split by only three people (the other two were birthday celebrants, so we treated them to dinner) each person only paid $30 each, tax and tip were included. We ordered 1 roasted chicken and 6 sides. There was so much food that we had to take the rest to go. Where else can you feed 6 people with amazing 5 star food for under $100. If you are trying to impress out of towners or have a special celebration, make reservations at Limon Rotisserie--your stomach and wallet will thank you!!!
My personal heaven. I LOVE this place. The rotisserie chicken is absolutely the best I have ever had. The lomito saltado was also damn good.
Really really good ceviche, nice portion size too. Some peruvian ceviches are a too limey for me. This was perfect. Also loved the chicken and the trio of sauces. Could have done without the lomito saltado.. was a little dry.Very reasonable prices. We were also able to be seated immediately on a Friday night.
I would love to give this place more stars just for the food but I had made a birthday dinner reservation for 9 here and we had to wait for an hour to actually get our table. One person from our group was there at the actual time, most of them were there 10minutes later so we all waited first outside, then they took us to the basement and told us the table is just being finished up, then we all had to go back upstairs and wait some more to actually get a table after an hour. Then I don't need a reservation if I am going to wait an hour anyway?! It just seemed super unorganized. Plus, the place was packed so of course everywhere we were standing and waiting people squeezed by etc.The waiter took his time as well to take our order, I am assuming that was because the kitchen was super busy already. I saw and spoke to other groups as well who had to wait long for their table so hopefully it was only that night some staff member absolutely messed up the reservations...However, the food was as expected very delicious. We had the chicken, ceviche mixto, salad, sweet potato fries, steak strips, fried mixed seafood and couple other dishes and everything tasted great. The truffle Mac and Cheese are the bomb by the way and the sangria was great too and not watered down like other places have it.
It's the chicken. It's the sauces. It's the value. It's the bomb.
My friends and I went to Limon on Saturday evening and it was amazing! ONE OF THE BEST PERUVIAN RESTAURANTS I've ever had... okay... maybe THE BEST. - FOOD, amazingly good- PRICES, affordable- SERVICE, impeccable- AMBIANCE, romantic! Perfect for a date or a group!Everyone must go here! I highly recommend! I cant wait to go back.
Food was good but I was think the customer service would match and it didn't so its ah #nogo
Before we finished stuffing ourselves, we were already saying we'd be back, so yeah... We made reservations on Open Table since this place was packed. A little warm when you first wade into the joint, but the place smells awesome since everyone has chicken and steaming carbs in front of them.Started ourselves off with the ceviche mixto. Nice leche de tigre marinade all over big chunks of fish, tiger shrimp, and calamari. The fish and the shrimp were definitely the tastiest since it soaked up all the succulent tiger juices. :P Pickled onions were a nice way to spice up all the food we had later. We got the whole chicken with tacu tacu (fried cylindrical torpedos of rice and beans. Dense dense dense) and vegetales salteados (I'd thought these were sardines, but it's actually a salty saute of white beans, green beans, and onions. Chicken fell off the bone and whatever they're rubbing that chicken with is finger lickin' good, even if it ups your sodium intake like waoh. At the end of our meal, we opted for an extra side of Yuca fries. Pretty tasty, but it made me hunger for polenta fries since it was almost that pasty flavor, but not quite.Piles of delicious food and the total only came out to be around $13 a person (counting a full tip!).
The food here is good, but the service was terrible as was the ambiance. If you make a reservation, make sure that they do not seat you downstairs. It is insanely loud and uncomfortable. The server will probably forget that you are there and half of your food will not arrive, so you will have to chase the waiter down to get it.Also the Inca Blue (Limon original recipe) is a pre-bottled commercial drink, not a home-made drink. Very misleading.
28-July, Saturday:I enjoyed an amply illuminated Saturday lunch this past weekend with a few small plates to share between my Latin date and I (..his suggestion). It was perfect because I've been wanting to come here for awhile, and I am always interested in exploring new Peruvian places in the city because I will forever be drawn to the South-East Asian influence in the flavors and cooking.. Timing also seemed to be within our favor as I was picturing the place to be jam-packed before we arrived, but we found parking directly in front and were immediately seated.Ceviche Mixto: was tangy, fresh, cool, and perfectly complimented the sunny weather outside. Lots of pieces of Calamari which was fantastic, some places skimp out on this which is so quintessential of Ceviche Mixto for me.Lomo Saltado: tender and savory, maybe a few less pieces of meat (not that I am complaining) and more tomatoes slices for acidity would have made this more balanced. Although, I already knew that this dish is traditionally meat heavy, so that's just my whitewhine.Chicharron de Pollo: succulent, moist, and was perfect with my beer on the side.This place is inexpensive, definitely great value for the amount of food. I feel like I've been on a Peruvian kick lately and this is one of the better places I've been to in terms of quality, service, and atmosphere. I WILL be back to try the dinner menu.
The wife and I made our way here on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. We were lucky and found a parking spot right in front of the restaurant and walked up to the hostess. She seated us right away.  Our waiter was friendly and answered all of our questions and made some recommendations. We ordered half a chicken and the Jalea. The chicken was very tasty and we got to sides some Yuka Fries and ensalada. The portions of the sides were quite small. We got 4 fries. The Jalea was ok but nothing special, just fried seafood. Generally the food was ok but the portions were small. Service was good. I'm not sure if I would come back though.
Decent pisco sours, the chicken was quite good - although there were a couple of sides that I thought were significantly better. I didn't order, so I don't really remember the names all that well
After being very disappointed at le mar embarcadero, wasnt really expecting as much when we came here but was quite pleased. came in a party of 11 and if you have over 12, you have to get the family style set menu but we were able to just order a bunch of items to share. price was quite decent. i liked the sangria. upstairs is pretty small and downstairs is a little bigger. we also were able to make a reservation the same day.The chicharron was fried really well, nice and crispy and tasty as well. ahi tuna was your typical ahi tuna but paired with chips made it nice. cerviche and lomo saltado were both made well. the string beans i really liked as they were pretty tasty.As for dessert, the chocolate bandido was really good since its nice and warm. The Panna Cotta was pretty normal, resembled flan.
Went here recently as part of a girls' night out before seeing Wicked. It was a GREAT way to begin the evening. We ordered the chicken (of course!), the mac and cheese, and some various salads. Everything was great in terms of the food. Only thought was that the mac and cheese was somewhat salty.However, i dinged a star since there seemed to be some mass confusion among the staff over where to deliver food. Three times we were brought other people's orders. NBD, really, but it was very early and fairly slow at the restaurant when this occurred. That said, will still definitely be back!
Well I wish I can comment on the food however we didn't even get the chance. We had a reservation for two at 9 pm. We showed up right at 9 and the place was packed. We checked in and the hostess didn't say anything to me like it will be a little bit or your table is coming right up, etc. Nothing. I waited 15 minutes and still not a word from her. So I asked how long it might be and she said she is waiting to get an update from her assistant.Nothing for another 15 minutes. So at 9:30 I asked he what the deal is. She said she is waiting for a table (yeah I know that!). I said I have been waiting for 30 mins and I still have no idea how long it is going to be. Her great response was well some people have been waiting an hour. So comforting....I told her to cancel my reservation and that they really need to work on their process...As you can see from other posts, don't expect them to honor your reservation time... Maybe we'll try again someday.
The food was terrific as always, the waiter a little ragged.
Yum! I had the Chicken soup here and it was delicious! Just like the way mom made it :)The rotisserie chick was also splendid!
Mhmmm Peruvian!My Table Ordered;- Pollo a la Brasa (Half Chicken) w/ side of Yuca & Tacu Tacu- Lomito Saltado (Steak over fries/tomatoes/onions)- Pollo Empanada (chicken)- Chicha Morada (Non-Alcoholic Bev.)The Pollo a la Brasa (Rotisserie Chick), was pretty tasty and twas a good sized chick. :) Compared to El Pollo Loco just a tinyy bit better. What makes it better is the sauces that come with the table! Theres a YELLOW, PINK, and Oily GREEN sauce. THEY ARE ALL GOOD, but I preferred putting the GREEN sauce on my chick. Yuca is always good ANYWHERE, and the Tacu Tacu is ehhhhh. It looks and tastes like chopped Mexican/Spanish/Latin Rice mixed with refried beans. But ALL THIS for $10.00!?! Pretty darn good deal I would say!!!I took a bite of the empanada and the saltado their both okay. =/The Chicha Morada drink is really good! Especially if you love APPLE PIE! It has some other stuff in it to like pineapple and "purple corn", but its predominately APPLE PIE flavored!AMBIANCE is a PLUSSS! Def' going here again!
Will come back and bring friends again and againCeviche Mixto- not your typical ceviche- pretty fishy for my crewRotisserie chicken is a MUST order is the sides of Vegetales Salteados
Lomito Saltado and chicharron de pollo are on point...Hector was the best waiter. Long overdue review, but needed to mention his great service.
**3.5 stars**Heard so much great things about Limon rotisserie so decided to come try (for xmas party). The portions were small, so it's meant for sharing. We were seated downstairs in a lounge-like area where the noise level is pretty loud, or was it us that was loud? Anyways, i felt like the first waiter was kinda rude.. we asked for 1 order of sangria (there were 8 of us). And how the hell do we know it's poured out in a wine glass? He kept telling us that it wont feed 8, only 4. And i felt as if we were arguing back and forth over this stupid Sangria. Anyways, somehow a solution was suggested by my friend... pour half way for all glass?!?! DUH.. uh watever. He gave us a look as if we are too cheap to order another order. (Well, FYI: if its good, we will order more, and not everyone want a full glass?) Anyways: We had:the Whole rotisseries chicken, which yes was very moist, not a bit dried. But like what other yelpers have said, it is pretty darn salty. Just dont eat the skin if you can't handle the saltiness  The Sangria was good, but not strong enough.. in fact, not strong at all. It might be ok for some but too light for others.  Ceviche Mixto sooo good. the fish were cut big, but that's ok.Tuna tartar: okLomito Saltado: didnt get to try cux it was all gone.. Chicharron de Pollo: it was OK. the sauce was pretty good tho.sweet potatoes and yucca fries: i love sweet potatoes, yucca was kinda dry, wish they have sauce for it-1 star for the stupid waiter
I'm addicted! If I lived closer I will eat here everyday. Best rotisserie chicken I have ever had. They also have this beef tongue that are to die for. The truffle mac and cheese was amazing and pretty all the ceviche as well. Do call for a reservation because they get packed fast especially on weekends.
the good: ambiance, service, salsa music, their three dipping sauces they give you (one of which is chimichurri), yuca friesthe average: ceviche, whole chicken, champinones (the sauce was too salty for my taste). the bad: overpriced, vegetales salteados, and generally everything was bland/salty.
Good food, its ok for an informal dinner, meet with friends, colleagues.
Everything we had here was really salty. Delicious and salty. I was thirsty for hours upon hours after dining here.3 people, shared a half chicken (tacu tacu and sweet potato fries as sides), the sirloin strips, and the stewed beef. You get three dipping sauces with the chicken - my favorite was the one in the middle but they're all pretty good and you can use the sauce with the sides, too! I don't even think the chicken really needs sauce. Don't think the sirloin strips thing (First item on hot plates) is worth it. Besides who wants soggy fries?I loved the beef stew dish. It was very homey, not too salty, and the meat was extraordinarily tender. Our service was SUPER and by super I mean good and really fast! When we were finished, we had three people cleaning our table at once. It was a little scary. The best best thing though is the chocolate bandido dessert. Had it at Limon a few months ago and was delighted to find that they have it at Rotisserie too! Seriously it is one of the best desserts this chocolate lover has ever had. And it's quite affordable!
On a cold, wet night in the city, we headed to Limon after the gang got done surfing. We had reservations for 7 PM and were seated quickly in the lower level dining room, which was nice because it was spacious, not because it has a particularly charming ambience. We were told to order the Pisco Sour (a traditional Peruvian cocktail), and it was good, though I have no point of comparison.We ordered 2 half chickens, which came with 4 sides... The chicken was well done, and all the sides were delicious. We got 2 orders of Tacu-Tacu (v. good!), vegetables, and sweet potatoes fries.The ceviche was delicious - the leche de tigre had just the right amount of kick! The carne empanadas were also delicious - nice and crispy on the outside, and chock full of well seasoned carne.I was a little skeptical about the last dish - anticicuchos (beef heart) - but it was AMAZING. Well seasoned and tender, I actually feel bad for enjoying eating heart so much.The service was very efficient. Not overly friendly by any means, but the food came out FAST and dishes were swooped away and water refilled before you knew you were done with a dish or had an empty water glass.I would recommend Limon to anyone looking for a good Peruvian meal!
This place never seems disappoint. I love the atmospere and the food is always on point. I had dinner with some friends last Friday. We had reservations at 8pm and we did not get seated until 8:45 which was fine because we had seats at the bar. We ordered a pitcher of sangria and some ceviche and sweet potatoe frier. SOOOO yummy. The fries came with 3 types of sauces which were also a good touch to the fries.They finally sat us at a table downstairs which was great. Its pretty loud in there especially downstairs with large parties but I love it. It puts you in a great mood. There were 5 of us so we decided to order the fully chicken, the lomito, the red snapper ceviche and extra yucca fries. We ate all of the food and enjoyed every last bite of it. We were all so full but had room for the chocolate cake which cake with a tasty cookie and awesome whipped cream. YUMMY!I honestly love this place. The food is soooo good and the price isn't to shabby either. The total bill for all 5 of us came to $16 with tip!!! That is insane for the amount of food and alcohol we ordered.Great place for large groups of people or if you are on a date and like loud atmospheres!!
Delicious food!!! Service could have been better.
Went for a weekday dinner date. Downstairs seating was stuffy. Service was surly. We had a half chicken, ceviche, empanada, and the mac and cheese. I would not be excited to have any of the dishes again with the exception of the mac and cheese.
GREAT cocktails. For the price, the sides could be a bit larger. The chicken is on point, as well as as their truffle mac n cheese. Service is fast, courteous and no nonsense. Make a reservation because even if you do, you'll still have a bit of a wait since this place gets pretty busy.
One of the best meals I had in San Francisco! I enjoyed the ceviche mixto and a cactus sour to start. The pollo empanada was amazing and the sauce was so good that we requested it for the rest of our food as well. My husband and I also ordered the jalea, which was average, but good and the bartender recommended the chicharron de pollo which, dipped in the empanada sauce was amazing. We had more food than we could finish and we have big appetites. The staff were friendly, knowledgeable and the food came out moments after ordering, hot, fresh and perfectly cooked. I only wish there was a Limon in Baltimore.
Swung up to SF for the weekend and came here with the fam on a Saturday night. Hostess (the brunette one) was magnificent and we were seated within 10 mins. Interior isn't particularly impressive, but the casual decor makes one feel right at home. Two levels of seating and a bar.Food was pretty decent. Chicken was crispy on the oustide and juicy and moist on the inside. The truffle mac & cheese was a bit subdued but filling. Peruvian coke was...an interesting twist on a classic taste. Service was prompt, though not particularly engaging.Seemed like a good place to go with a group or on a date, as the setting lends itself easily to good conversation. And if your convo needs a jump-start, there's plenty of people-watching opps to sate your judgmental thirst, haha.If you fancy Peruvian food, or if you're just looking for a cool place to go for dinner, you could do worse than to check out Limon. And you can trust me on this one; I'm an Elite. ;)
Love this place. Have been here many times and everything on the menu is delicious. Really love the carne asada and the empanadas.
Great food, decent service and convenient location. Please try the "Bandido" dessert....its yummy!
I think I wound up in the wrong restaurant. The Limon that I went to had only two flavors - salty and extremely salty. Ok, it was not that bad. To be fair, most of our dishes were actually quite good, service was also effective, and the restaurant itself was spacious, beautifully decorated and clean. I recommend the Lomito Saltado. The meat was tender and cooked perfectly. The Chicharron de Pollo was just okay, and was served crispy and warm. The tacu-tacu and the crispy empanadas were delightful. We even ordered an additional helping of the empanadas.However, I really can't hide my disappointment with the Rotisserie Chicken. It wasn't bland, it was just a little dry and had an alarming amount of dry rub that had an overpowering salty flavor. This is one of the few times I'm not agreeing with Big Eat SF (7 x 7, #37). I realize that I'm being way too harsh with three stars. They probably deserve more, given that we actually enjoyed most of the items we ordered. But since the Roti Chicken was touted as their signature dish, I feel that they really should have had that one right.
I truly think Limon Rotisserie has some of the BEST chicken in town. Also, you should come here with a group. We were so lucky that we had something like 10 people, we were able to pretty much sample the ENTIRE menu. This restaurant is tapas-style, so it will get very reasonable in a larger group. I remember when the bill came we were all so VERY, very pleasantly surprised at how cheap it was given the deliciousness of the food. The service was pretty attentive too given the size of the restaurant and how busy the restaurant is. Definitely get reservations
This place sort of just rocks.The chicken, sauces, lomita, ceviches - all delicious!Sangria rocks.Fun space.Fun crowd. Don't be deterred by how busy this place is - they'll seat you. They have a secret huge area in the basement.I can't wait to go badk!!!
I went there on a Saturday for my friend's birthday. He made reservations for the place and we didn't get to our seats till 45 later because of a big party ahead of us. That was frustrating. (- star)The place is on a corner and the atmosphere is lively and nice inside. The drinks were hella good. I had me some alcohol drink with egg whites and rum and something else. It was good that it got me buzzin'. The food is tapas style so we all order something and share it like a family. I ordered the truffle Mac N' Cheese and that was so good! All the food that I sample off everyone's plate was delicious. I would come back again.
This restaurant is on the short list of places I take out-of-towners that I want to impress. Their food is delicious, and encourages a more communal dining experience than is the norm in restaurants. The inclusion of three dipping sauces with a portion of roast chicken encourages experimentation, and also allows a degree of customization to the meal without having to bother the waitstaff. In particular, I'd recommend getting a 1/4 roast chicken, with their Leche Tigre Cocktail, Ensalada, and Yucca Fries. Even with a drink each, you're not looking at much for an enjoyable night out for two. For a party of four scale up the size of the chicken to whole, and add a hot plate or two: the lomito saltado and aji de gallina are both fine choices. One place I would say this place is a bit weak on is desserts: its menu feels staid and out-of-date, which isn't enough to compete with the multitude of nearby places that only sell desserts. Also, I would not bring a vegetarian here, or by the end of the night you will have a very unhappy tofu-muncher who's eaten nothing but a salad with rice and beans. With these small quibbles in mind, I still can think of few places in San Francisco that match Limon in terms of atmosphere, price, and quality. Now if you'll excuse me I need to plan my next trip there, because nothing says TGIF like a pisco sour and a chicken thigh roasted to perfection.
Flashbacks to Cusco two years ago?No, this place isn't that good (or bad-- we had food poisoning in Cusco so many times...).But the chicken here, and supposedly the ceviche (only had the chicken)... oh my goodness it's GOOD. Even two hours later, cold in the box, that leftover chicken leg was HEAVENLY.Crazy lines, not the cheapest, but oh so worth it.Nom nom nom nom nom nom... sorry did you say something? I can't hear you over the chicken... nom nom nom nom...
Limn is in the running to be my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. My friends and family know that my favorite food group is meat, and flavorful, marinated, grilled meat is like heaven to me. I can't seem to go wrong with what I order here, but my recommendations are definitely the roast chicken and the beef tongue. Cool ceviche and refreshing sangria are the perfect way to round out the meal.
Lomo saltado is freaking fantastic! as are most of the sides. Their can be a long wait, and sometimes it gets super loud, but its a great place to eat overall.
PROS+ So great for big groups! + Extremely convenient! Ability to make reservations on Open Table+ Few blocks from both mission Bart stations+ Big space. Upstairs ground level is more intimate, smaller parties. Downstairs is where they accomodate big groups+ Tapas style - able to try a lot of things! Favorites are Seco de Costillas (short ribs), Truffle Mac and Cheese, and Tacu Tacu (rice and beans mixed)+ Awesome Sangria (it's pretty sweet though so you will get a headache once you stop drinking...)CONS+ Chicken is good but nothing unforgettable+ Service can be inconsistent. Our waiter forgot to bring out 2 of our dishes + There's a fee per person if you bring a cake for someone's birthday! I unfortunately can't recall the amount of the fee but it's high enough that I found it absolutely absurd. I've celebrated enough birthdays to know that most restaurants don't charge for that and if they do, it's a small amount.If you have a relatively large party to entertain and you want a hassle-free situation, this is a fun, super convenient spot to go!
Love it! Chicken is so delicious and the Pisco Sour is my guilty pleasure! Mmm, I wonder if I could order that drink to go. Ha! Wonderful place to have dinner with friends. Not to sound like an alcoholic but definitely get a pitcher of Sangria with friends.
This is one of the BEST Peruvian places in SF. My bf and I are huge fans of it and we have come here over 10 times in the last few months. We love it so much that we have taken most of our best friends here on various dinner dates. So, we stumbled into this place accidentally while we were looking for somewhere to eat in the Mission. The place had good reviews so we decided to go in. The ONLY minus to this place is that unless you have reservations, prepare yourself to wait LONG time in line. The place is TINY so it gets packed very quickly. Their free-range whole chickens are delicious, especially when paired with a Ceviche appetizer and some Sweet fries and papas fritas! Did I mention how delicious are the sauces that they serve the fries with? They are bomb!Sangria and mojitos are delicious as well.As far as dessert, we have tried it all and all are amazing but the Panna cotta is hands down, heavenly!
3.5 stars. Came here with my boyfriend during lunch on a weekend. We ordered their signature half a chicken (came with 3 different sauces, 2 side orders) , ahi tuna ceviche, and veggies empanada. We got the sweet potato fries and then veggies. The chicken was disappointing. While some parts of it were tender, the breast portion was dry. Worse of all, it was super salty---tasted as though it was dunked in a bucket of salt. Had to quickly reach for a glass of water. My goodness. If you are hypertensive, stay away from the chicken! I enjoyed the sweet potato fries, ahi tuna ceviche and empanadas though.
I've been here several times and each time I think it just gets better!! Their chicharron de pollo is awesome I highly recommend it, and also any of their ceviches are great. Oh and you can't go wrong with the sangria!
The food was definitely good. The chicken was tender, the empanadas well-spiced, the sweet potato fries were crispy (and not greasy). Food alone would get four to five stars. My three star mark is primarily for the rushed dining experience. The giant swarms of people waiting for tables (and crowded behind us) coupled with pressure to get in and out quickly made the dining experience far less appealing.
not sure if i was starving this time around, but the food was absolutely divine!!! this time, me and my friend ordered a half chicken (of course), carne empanadas, tacu tacu, and sweet potato fries. EVERYTHING was a 5/5.. I mean SO DELICIOUS.I especially loved the empanadas and the tacu tacu. mouth is definitely watering just thinking about eating it again. cannot wait to come here again!PS: the valencia location is the best!!!!!
This place has some great Chicken! I love all their sauces as well. I have been here now about 3 times. I think i like the location on Valencia better due to the ambiance it comes with, as well as the local bars that are close by. I like the small appetizers also and its fun to sit at the bar and chit chat at the Valencia locationThe other location on South Van Ness is usually great at being able to get a seat in good timing. Their cocktails are great and the service is efficient and great.
Everything we ordered hit all the right spots: chicken, tacu tacu, sweet potato fries, ceviche and mango cream dessert. We were so happy with everything, so happy.
Limon is legit. The Yucca & sweet potato fries are delish and the rotisserie chicken is very flavorful.next time I plan on ordering the veggies without onions since i have food alergies that was the only thing I didn't try. Don't take my word for it, look at all the other positive reviews about this wonderful restaurant!
The roasted chicken is very good. The atmosphere is casual. Don't expect too much in terms of service for the price point.
Went here a few weeks ago with my fiance. The chicken was awesome and service was good. We tried a few different appetizers and liked everything that we tried. Fiance was also a big fan of their mixed drinks.
Service is good and it's a cute little place. The food is awesome! Of course get their rotisserie chicken. We also really like their tacu tacu and yucca fries for sides. Their sangria is also great. Not to sweet not to strong but Still gives you a little kick. Make sure to make reservations and be prepared to wait a few minutes even if you have a reservation...Just kill time by getting a drink at the bar.
This is simplified and modern Peruvian cuisine. Came here with cousins a few months back to chat and ordered the Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron, Empanadas de carne, "Lomito" Saltado and of course the Pollo a la Brasa.Get the Chicha to go with the meal. I think they had it here in bottled form.Their Ceviche was very done very well, not too overcooked and not undercooked and enough of a sour for flavor but not enough to overpower.Their empanadas were so tiny...wish we had more to eat. But they were good.The "Lomito" Saltado was just ok. I was hoping it would be good, but it was somewhat of a letdown. The flavors were muted as compared to the one as Mi Lindo Peru, but their meat here was tender.BUT they all but made up for it with the Pollo a la Brasa. The chicken was tender and juicy and with the sauces that they gave to dip it in... Delicious.
I get random cravings for this place like a pregnant woman. I've only been here a handful of times, but each time has been great. Came here for a midweek dinner and ordered the usuals. Note: There is a downstairs area. More intimate vibe, interesting ambiant lighting along a wall and a bar. We ordered the half chicken with salad and sauteed veggies as well as a side of truffle mac and cheese(must get). Half chicken($12) cut in to four pieces was more than enough for two with the sides. The rotisserie chicken was extremely moist, fall off the bone and well seasoned. The trio of sauces is what has me coming back. The two smokey/spicy sauces are very distinct and addictive. I find random things to dip in them. M was a fan of the chimichurri sauce. Salad was standard, though the veggies that consisted of string beans and bell peppers sauteed in soy sauce was really good. Lastly, the truffle mac and cheese($6.25). Not kraft out of the box mac and cheese. Small elbow macaroni in a light cream/cheese sauce topped with grated parmesan with a strong hint of truffle oil. Probably in my top 3 of best mac and cheese I've ever had. I can probably eat a whole bowl of this stuff. Decent sized portions for the price.Overall, 4 solid stars. Attentive service, quick and very reasonably priced for the food. Will be back whenever I get my next craving for it, probably sometime later this week. ~B
The chicken will change your life. That's all you need to know.If you care for more details:* It's fun with a group -- Come here for your birthday dinner and revel in multiple pitchers of sangria and a molten chocolate bandido.* Order a few dozen portions of yucca fries -- they're like crack.* Expect a bit of a wait -- even if you have a rezzie. Trust me, it's worth it, and a yummy drink makes any wait all the more pleasant.
Limon offers great peruvian food in a cool atmosphere, but unfortunately our experience was hindered by the rude and unprofessional service. I'll start with the bad. We didn't catch his name, but our server was a guy with short brown hair and facial hair. He wasn't very friendly to begin with, nor were we appropriately greeted for a good 10 minutes. One of the items we ordered were vegetable empenadas. When they came to the table, I ate one of them only to realize it contained meat. My friend, a vegetarian, picked around hers to see if it was meat as well. We kindly informed him that he had given us the incorrect empanadas and without any sort of apology he states "Oh - well, it does look like meat" and took the plate away. He comes back 3 minutes later and says "alright, well would you like the vegetable ones?" Obviously, we say yes, and they come out shortly after.All was fine until the bill arrived, and he had charged us for the empenadas twice. Thinking "wtf?" we wait for him to come back over and I asked him why we were charged twice. He said "Well you ate one and a half of the meat empenadas (we only ate one) and then you said you wanted to order another." Huh? After getting in a 2 minute argument about the fact that HE offered it to us without saying it would cost anything (considering it was their mistake) and that in most cases an item like this would be comp'd or simply replaced at no additional cost, he backed up and said "ok, ok..fine." It's really not hard to be friendly or at least apologize for the mistake he made. The food was excellent. We had the Lomito Saltado, Ceviche Mixto, a beet/root salad that was a bit lackluster, and yes...the empenadas. I really want to come back, but the service and politeness issue really needs to get solved...
Yum. I had heard good things about Limon, and the Valencia location is right next to Blondies, which is a good spot to visit before/after.I got a little bit confused when I made reservations because I didn't realize they have more than one location. We sat at the bar and the bartender was good at making sure we were doing ok and refilling our drinks. The food was pretty good. I would go back and try the famous rotisserie chicken next time.
Such good ceviche! The food was very reasonably priced and delicious. Everyone raves about the chicken, but I thought there were other dishes that totally stood out more...Someone in the kitchen was a tad bit heavy on the salt, but that's the only minor complaint I can muster up. Overall, delicious :)
Don't go here if you're vegetarian. Just don't do it to yourself. Everything is super cheesy and greasy, and not in a good way. Went here last night and still feel sick to my stomach. The service was mediocre at best and even the desserts were atrocious.
Decent food and the chicken is an excellent value, but beware of abysmal service! Our waiter hardly existed - we waited nearly 30 minutes for our check and couldn't even flag anyone down because no one was around! In sum, this place might work much better as a fast casual restaurant with counter service. But as long as there's shit service, I won't be back.
A lot of people I know have mentioned this place for many reasons like of course, the chicken and ceviche (among other things). I came here with my aunt who is such a foodie and we were both really excited to try this place out. I went out of my comfort zone and tried the beef heart. It was good but it wasn't something I fell in love with. I want to come back and try other things here. Next time I'll try the chicken. The service was good and the staff were friendly and helpful. Till next time...
Very poor service. We were a group of 20 of us and some of us we're veggies. They didn't let us sit together and made us sit in an L formation. They agreed to provide us veggies but forced us to buy 12 prefixed non veg when we were only 9 of us who were non veggies. I like the food and hence give it 2 stars. But I will never go there again.
Everything here is so good and the prices are so reasonable. I'm gluten-free and there was plenty for me to eat. Amazing.
Yum, yum and yum! The chicken is to die for here. Loved every bit of it - I nearly gnawed on the bone. The meat is very juicy and full of flavor from the spices/marinade, and the skin is crisp. The sauces add an extra kick to an otherwise perfect roast chicken. We also tried the Lomito Saltado, which wasn't bad, but not my favorite. The fries were soggy by the time we got the dish, and the meat wasn't that tender, especially after having the chicken. As a side with the chicken, we ordered the sweet potato fries, which were complimented well with the yummy dipping sauces. The empanadas were excellent: crisped up, golden brown, and stuffed full of deliciousness. Would love to come back for some of their Sangria and a whole chicken... to myself.
Reasons why I frequent Limon:* I love Peruvian food and they do a pretty good job with most of it* Very accessible price point, especially when compared to other Peruvian restaurants in the city. So it's good for a random impromptu dinner... even for a solo dinner at the bar on your way home from work.* AMAZING mac 'n cheese. Not sure how this item made it onto an otherwise Peruvian menu, but I'm glad it did. Creamy, truffled, divine.* Rocoto. Hot Peruvian chile that Limon offers as a condiment.
They're catering is absolutely the worst. Very unprofessional and unreliable. I placed an order for an office lunch a week ago and after sending my credit card information they said they would deliver and they never did. The day of delivery I called the restaurant they said they never received an order. Will never order catering from here again.
Found this place through yelp when I wanted to go on a nice little date night out in the mission. It exceeded all of my taste buds expectations! The only reason it doesn't have a full 5 stars is because our waiter seemed like he was halfway ignoring us. I still would 100% go back though!
If I could give them zero starts for my last experience there I would. My husband and I have been to both Limon restaurants many times, and we have brought many friends there over the years to introduce them to Peruvian food. My husband is Peruvian; we go to Peru every year, we really know Peruvian food, and we and have been to most of the Peruvian restaurants in the Bay Area. Limon on Van Ness has been one of our favorites for a long time, but I will never go back there after last night's experience. We made a reservation for 8:30, and showed up just before 8:30. You make a reservation for a specific time, and you expect to be seated pretty close to that time. I have had to wait maybe up to ten minutes for a restaurant reservation, but never more than that. At 8:30 they were still waiting to seat all of the people who had made reservations for 7:45, and there was a large crowd outside. It was clear that even making a reservation, people were still waiting to eat for 45 minutes to an hour after their reservation. Either they are incredibly clueless about how to manage reservations, or maybe they do this intentionally so there is always a crowd outside and it makes the restaurant look really hot. We were very hungry and really pissed that we would have to wait so long, and that reservations really didn't mean a damn thing. And the assistant manager to whom we spoke just shrugged her shoulders. If you want people to keep coming back to your restaurant, then make dining there a good experience. The food is pretty good there, but after the experience last night we will never return. We'll bring our friends to other Peruvian restaurants in the Bay Area who honor their reservations to try this great cuisine.
Can't go wrong with the rotisserie chicken and a pitcher of sangria! Awesome combo!Parking is kind of difficult on the weekends but well worth it when you finally get cozy at your table! Friendly service, nice atmosphere, good music, good food and good drinks! What else can you ask for?
Highly recommended! We went there around 5 pm on a Saturday, and it was packed. That's a testament to both the quality and price.The Sangria was refreshing. The chicken was fantastic! It comes with 3 sauces. It was so good that I thought about going back the next day. Chicken was definitely the highlight.The ceviche was average. For dessert, the mango dish was excellent.
The rotisserie chicken is nothing mind-blowing, so good thing their yucca fries and truffle mac and cheese are. Not sure what the tepid service reviews refer to, since our waiter was actually a highlight of the meal. The ambiance is perfect: loud enough to stave off conversation lulls, but no belligerent, over-the-top crowds. We went around 7pm on a Saturday with an Opentable reservation and were seated immediately. Try to get underground if you can, though. Seems like more young people gather there. We got a whole chicken, sweet potato and yucca fries as sides, truffle mac and cheese, and the Peruvian ensalada and it was just enough food for 3 people. Great value.
First time here, I was brought here by my sister.The service was fabuuulloouuuusssss. Better than the average restaurants, you could say.Truffle Mac and Cheese. Sooooooooooooooooo goood!!!And also their Rotisserie Chicken, dark meat all the way!! White meat can sometimes get too dry, so I wouldn't recommend that unless you're okay with it or don't like dark meat.
I don't normally write reviews because I think it's a lot more fun to read everyone else's comments and judge them based on obvious snark or delusion.Until now.This. Restaurant. Is. That. Good. And I'm not just saying that because I was 2 glasses of Limon Punch and 1 glass of their famous Sangria in. My wonderful and "foodie" Aunt and Uncle got me a gift certificate here so my bf and I took that as an invitation to order one of everything on the menu. Chicharron de Pollo: If I didn't know spanish, I'd swear it meant "edible pieces of heaven". I was pretty sad we only got one order, so was the bf because I ate most of it. It's a good thing there weren't any kids around, because I almost had a not so family friendly moment, ifyouknowwhatimean.Truffle Mac & Cheese: I was pretty hesitant about ordering this one, but the "man" of the table insisted. I've watched enough chef like reality shows to know how much esteemed chefs HATE truffles. Well, boo on that because this stuff was DEVINE. Luckily I was a little late on the love train and ate what was left instead of devouring the entire dish. But I definitely would have given the opportunity!Aguadito de Pollo: I never order soup at restaurants. I think it's like going to a nice bar with all the rare and exquisite alcohol you could ever dream of and ordering a Miller Lite. But holy cow, this bowl of deliciousness changed my mind. Add "soup nazi" to my list of fatkid titles.Pollo a la Brasa: Perfectly cooked, lightly seasoned, fall off the bone tender and oh so juicy. The sides were awesome, too. I just can't remember what they were.The kitchen closed as we got our food, so I wasn't thinking beyond what I was stuffing my face with enough to think about dessert. But that's okay, didn't have room for it anyway. If you're looking for a trendy but classically tasty restaurant with signature cocktails and food that would make your grandmama blush, do NOT skip the chance to eat here. Also, make reservations. The place is pretty busy. Duh.
We arrived early for our reservation and were seated right away at a great table. We had a very friendly server who gave us excellent recommendations. We tried their rotisserie chicken which was hands-down the best I've ever had. We also tried their truffle mac n' cheese, the ceviche mixta, the beef heart, the beef tongue, and the mango panna cotta. The truffle mac n' cheese was the only thing that was good, but not amazing. Everything else was nicely seasoned and cooked, and everything came out quickly. This is a place I will definitely be returning to, I highly recommend it.
There is not one thing Limon does wrong.The Chicken is just perfect, juicy and delicious.Sides are all great, Yuca fries, sweet potato fries, even the bland sounding grilled vegetables are super tasty.Seco de costilla is just amazingTheir Sangria is really addictive
The.Best.Yucca.Fries. And the sauce...good golly! Be sure to try them all! The only complaint is that the meals don't come with enough Yucca fries (a total of 4), so that means I am forced to order an extra order. I love that this place is also BYOB (with a small corkage fee). I also love the versatility as it has a nice ambiance so it makes a good date night spot, while it is also fast so could be a good take out dinner too, specifically to a pub quiz.
Delicious, juicy chicken with a strong staple of side dishes. You'll like it no matter how picky of an eater you are.It sucks that you almost always need a reservation to dine here but it can be worth it. Go for the half or full chicken and the grilled, skewered beef dish too. It sounds unappetizing but we trusted our waiter and he did not disappoint.
What a great place. The ceviche mixto was exquisite.The lomito salteado was excellent. I like the size of the portions, which don't leave you stuffed. The desserts? Glorious! Definitively a must in SF.The service is extremely good. Waters are dilligent, and prepared to provide explanatios for the different menu choices. I look forward to dining here again.
WINNER WINNER, O DAMMNNN GOOD CHICKEN DINNER!!!I used to despise rotisserie chicken. Just the thought of whole cocks all laid out, rolling round and round and round on a giant revolving stick all day sweating and dripping its fatty juices onto their lil cocky friends is just not very appetizing to me... reminds me of the days my mom used to bring home a whole chicken from Costco as it was only $5. The taste got REAL OLD, REAL QUICK..But in the land of roosters and cocks, Limon's chicken will prolly punk Costco's chicken for their lunch money and make them do their homework too.I def see why 7X7 put this on their top 100 list.. Best bang for your buck and I have a reservation to bang me a juicy cock tonight!! Make yours!!
Nine of us came in on a rainy Sunday night without a reservation. They sat us downstairs. The food was good. The service was poor. I don't like writing negative reviews, but we were pretty disappointed.There were some good things:- They were able to seat our large party of 9 on Sunday night- The chicken, ceviche, and mushrooms were pretty good- They have Peruvian beers and cola, which is coolBut...- The seats were dusty and we had to ask them to clean them off- We had to order our drinks three times before they brought them out- No serving utensils were brought out with the dishes (maybe that's Peruvian style?)- They took our plates away before we had finished eating- They wiped off the table while we were still eating and dropped a piece of chicken in my lap- We were told that there was a cake cutting fee of $1 per person, but it turned out to be $2 per person- There were nine of us but they managed to cut the cake thin enough that they only served us half of it- The server looked confused when we asked about the rest of the cake- Then he got defensive and said that he wasn't going to keep it for himself- He brought out the rest of the cake which was also sliced into very thin slices- ...and all the fruit was missingIt's unfortunate that the service was so lacking. We could have had a really good time, but instead we left feeling neglected and slighted.
My favorite place to eat. I come here almost every week, lol. Lomo Saltado, rice, beans, yuca fries, chevice...what can I say, I'm Brasilian. Cocktails are good, too. They increased their price tho and portion become smaller (ceviche). That's what make it 4 stars. Sometimes the food can get too salty (chicken). I'm sure they marinated the roasted chicken long enough. I like this place better than the main Limon restaurant.
Limon is one of my favorite regular restaurants in San Francisco. The rotisserie chicken is absolutely fantastic. It may be a little salty for some people, but that is the norm. The spices are perfect, the skin delicious, and the accompanying sauces are a great compliment. The best sides are the sauted vegetables, yuca fries, and salad. Great wait staff including my favorite waiter Freddie. He's the best! A must visit and make reservations requesting to be seated upstairs rather than downstairs. The atmosphere is better upstairs and you can see the open kitchen. The staff is very attentive and when there was a problem with Open Table screwing up my reservation, they took care of our party without blinking an eye. I also get meals to go often and they have been superb!
The chicken is amazing - super juicy and tender with great sauces.The beef dishes are pretty awesome too, albeit sometimes a bit overcooked.Very reasonably priced as well! One of my favorite go to places.
I had high expectations for Limn. A couple of the friends I was dining with had been there and thought the food was very good, so I went ahead and made OpenTable reservations for the 4 of us for a Saturday night.I was the first to arrive (5 min early), and though it was early enough in the evening for there to be several available tables, the hostess told me I'd have to wait to be seated until my entire party arrived. This is always irritating to me - that's why I made a darn reservation. I don't mind waiting if the table isn't ready, but there were definitely some tables available within sight. In the meantime, people coming in without reservations were told to seat themselves at the bar if they so wished - again, not seated at the empty tables. If they weren't going to seat customers with reservations at those empty tables, nor walk-ins, then who in the world were the tables waiting for?Anyway, my party was assembled less than 5 minutes after my reservation time; yet it took another 5 minutes before I could even get the attention of the hostess - she had her hands full with another customer annoyed by the loss of her reservation. Tip to Limn: if you're going to bother taking reservations (and I can understand why you might not choose to, as obviously the restaurant is very very busy!), you really need to have a better handle on the whole reservations process.Anyway, we were eventually seated downstairs, in a back corner right next to a long party table with fourteen people, including some kids. The acoustics were astounding - you'd think being in a corner would be a good thing, but all we could hear was the loud conversations of the party next to us, and were reduced to shouting to each other across the small table. We're young enough to not be too annoyed by noise, and if it had been 11:00 p.m. at a nightclub, it would've been just fine. But it was not at all conducive to pleasant dining and conversation.We would've happily stayed for a while and run up a larger tab - the cocktails were really good and the food was pretty decent, though not extremely rave-worthy, and our server was harried but he tried to do a good job - drinks and food arrived erratically but he was very nice about it. But the noise and hurry-up plate clearing were not welcoming and really overwhelmed the whole experience. To the point where normally I can tell you exactly what we ate and who enjoyed what - now, all I can really remember is the lackluster service with our seating, and the noise of the basement.If you're a party of 14 and want to go out, I can see why Limn would be a good alternative to some place like Cha Cha Cha or Bucca di Beppo. Honestly, that's what it ended up feeling like to me. And that's not really a compliment in my book. If I went again because I'd want to try the food again, I'd go as a party of 1 or 2 on a Monday night and insist on being seated on the main floor, and see how it goes.
Came here for my friend's bday and I had a blast.We order the group dinner and at first I thought it was enough food but BOY was i wrong. The food was soo good.Sangria = goodChicken = GOOOOOOD. So good I think i ate a whole chicken?I would definitely come back again!The place looks small from the outside but no worries there is a downstairs that caters to big groups!
3.5 starsMy first experience with Limon was not a good one. I called on a Saturday to inquire about the wait for a 9 pm arrival and the hostess promptly put me "on hold" for 10+ minutes, meaning she put the phone down while she continued to chat with guests, seat people, etc. Not once but TWICE. It was extremely rude! My fiance was pissed and vowed to never come here.The following week, our friend asks us to go to Limon for a post-work dinner. I told my sweetie we're going to dinner at a Peruvian restaurant. "Sounds good!" We arrive and it hits him, "wait a minute...." Haha, too late!We were greeted by the hostess. It was a weekday and it was 6 pm. Only three tables were occupied. We were the only two of our party to arrive. She refused to seat us until our whole party arrives. In the meantime, I wanted to get a drink. The bar was full. Trying to convince her to seat the two of us first was like pulling teeth out. She had the power and did not want to relinquish it. Finish, she let us sit.Luckily our waiter was WAY cooler. When he put our tables together, I could tell she was unhappy but oh well. We weren't going to let her ruin our evening. Our waiter was phenomenal and provided excellent service. We promptly ordered a pitcher of sangria. The sangria was really strong with little alcohol taste. Within minutes, my Asian glow appeared and without any food in my stomach, I was giggling out of control by the time our friends arrived.Anyhow, we ordered the Ceviche Mixto with slices of halibut, calamari, and a tiger shrimp yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw, which was very good! The Tartara de Tuna Ahi tuna tartar yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw was tiny and mediocre.The rotisserie chicken yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw was also good, especially with their dipping sauces. I especially liked the pesto. I would say a half chicken is good for 2 people if you are planning to order more. The Lomito Satado yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw wasn't very impressive. It's pretty much stir-fried slices of steak, Asian style. It was VERY salty with its soy sauce flavor. Same for the Seco de Costillas braised beef short ribs yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw. Rice, please!Overall, very trendy Peruvian restaurant with bad parking. They need a friendlier hostess who doesn't put people on hold when she could have responded in 2 seconds because she's lazy and wants to keep her phone from ringing and who doesn't seat partial parties when the place is practically empty. This place is more of a tapas place so the portions are SMALL for the price so don't be shocked when you get there.
I like their rotisserie chicken, some of the best I've had..The wait can be long and if you sit in the "basement" on a weekend night, it will get noisy and it will be hard to hear the person next to you! Sangria is pretty decent. For the price, I would say this place is definitely worth a shot and even a second/third visit when you're in the mood for some chicken!
I was excited to eat at Limon Rotisserie due to its rave on Yelp and I love trying new food! However, once my friends and I arrived, we found that the hostess and management were horrible, rude, and inconsiderate. I had made reservations for 8 at 6pm but due to city traffic we were about 10 mins late. The hostess was very stuck up and did not hesitate to tell us that we can have our reserved table under the condition that we leave by 7:30pm. I was very angry by this because even if we had arrived on the DOT at 6pm, we would have stayed longer than 1.5 hours! Allocating a 1.5 hour time slot for table reservations is unfeasible for an environment that is casual, loud, with a bar and the Giants game on TV! There were so many rude gestures from the hostess and management that made us all feel very uncomfortable and unwelcomed once it got closer to 7:30pm. The rudest part was when the waiters began clearing off our table and began re-setting the table for next party while we were still sitting there drinking our sangria! Choosing Limon Rotisserie for dinner was a big mistake and we will never be back. It's just unbelievable how rude they were!
Mmm...Limon!! Soooo flavorful. The absolute best rotisserie chicken in the city. And those sauces!! Veggies are perfectly cooked, crisp, and yummy. Sweet potato fries are delicious. $20 for two and never disappointed after a meal.
This place is amazing. I was there for the first time and we shared a bunch of appetizers: Ceviche Mixto, Tartara de Tuna and Truffle Mac & Cheese. All appetizers were delicious. The Ceviche and Tartara were extremely fresh. The Mac & Cheese was also amazing, creamy but not heavy. Next time I go I will definitely order the same appetizers again and maybe try a few more. I loved the Ceviche so much that I actually ordered it as my main dish as well. You should definitely try this place, I highly recommend it.
Juicyy chicken, deep flavored paella and super citrusy ceviche! with pisco sours and sweet potato fries to go with it - perfect meal!
The rotisserie chicken, ceviche, lomito saltado, and associated sauces and vegetables are a flavor explosion!The sauces btw should be had with absolutely everything.
My friend Christine and I had dinner here last night, and it was a good time! This bustling little place doesn't take reservations - it was packed! We started out with some Mixto Ceviche (tasty fresh fish, shrimp and calamari, not too spicy, loved it!) and a couple caipirinhas (mmmm, it hit the spot!). Next, we shared a half rotisserie chicken (good for 2-4 people) - yum! The flavoring of the spices and slow cooking makes this chicken soooo good, you must get this! With the chicken, you get two sides so we ordered the yucca fries (crispy fried, hot, comes with 3 yummy sauces) and rice. We also ordered a plate of the lomito saltado - this was gone in seconds! Tender steak strips with tomatoes and fries in a tasty sauce - this was awesome over the rice. And then we couldn't resist the Profiteroles - cream puffs with chocolate sauce drizzled over it (get this). We had a great time catching up and eating tasty Peruvian food. And the price was not bad at all - for all that food, split in half, our share each came out to about $32.50 including tax and tip -- I'll definitely come back!
This is my husband's favorite restaurant. We've eaten here probably 4 times and counting. I highly recommend making a reservation, there can be a long wait here. If you have a large group, they do have downstairs seating and it's decent sized for big gatherings. We had our rehearsal dinner here. I feel like I have eaten everything on the menu here. I personally think their rotisserie chicken is a bit on the salty side (don't kill me Yelpers), but my husband raves about it. He disagrees wholeheartedly with me on this one. Other memorable items we have ordered include:- Ceviche Mixto - must order- Tartara de Tuna - must order- Lomito Saltdo - eh, you can pass on this one- Chicharron de Pollo - yes, must order, heavenly- Empanadas (carne, pollo, veggie) - these are decent, have not tried their queso one-Tacu-tacu- Their aji sauces are all very tasty.....I recommend you try them all, but be careful of the hot oneOf course you have to wash everything down with a pitcher of sangria. Don't settle for a glass as you will want seconds or thirds, order the pitcher. You will thank me later.
Since everyone raves about Limon Rotisserie's chicken that's on the 7x7 Big Eat list, I decided to hop on the bandwagon and give it a try. Served with three kinds of sauces, the bird was succulent and provided me with much entertainment in deciding which condiment to dip each bite into. Our half portion came with two sides of our choice - Yuca Frita for starch and Vegetales Salteados because let's face it, the constipated look is not cute on anyone.I'd also recommend the Ceviche Mixto and Lomito Saltado, which was too salty by itself but perfect when eaten with the yuca. One more thing about the chicken: As much as I enjoyed it and would order it again, I don't understand why people are making a gigantic deal over it. Just because it's listed in Big Eat SF? IT'S JUST CHICKEN, PEOPLE! It's not going to make you climax upon first, second, third, or n^th bite so calm the fuck down.
YUM! The three of us strolled in here around 8pm on a Thursday night without reservations, and were seated immediately. The upstairs is perfect for date night with smaller tables, whereas the downstairs is great for larger, louder groups. The ambiance is trendy and lively in stark contrast to your typical hipster Mission joints. The Truffle Mac N Cheese is TO DIE FOR, and the seasoning on the rotisserie chicken was perfect, even though it also comes with 3 sauces to dip in. Ceviche mixto only came with one piece of shrimp and the white fish was a bit harder to chew, and the short ribs were nothing special. The only weird part was when we finished eating and our server cleared our table, another server came by and asked if we wanted to order - slightly disorganized. Next time will have to check out the Mission location!
I've been wanting to eat at Limon even before I moved here, back when I was just a tourist. So I finally had the chance because my partner took me here for my birthday. We went to the South Van Ness location. Nice atmosphere. We had reservations so our table was waiting for us. We almost ordered the rotisserie chicken they are known for, but I really wanted to try a lot more items so we opted for the small plates. First up came the ceviche mixto. Yum perfectly yummy and citrucy, delicious. Then we moved on to the hot plates. We wanted items that would go well with the bottle of Malbec we ordered. We got the chicharron de pollo, seco de costillas (short ribs), aguadito de pollo (basically chicken soup), and truffle mac n cheese. We were most excited about the chicharron because table next to us was raving about it, and it looked good. Well, it was ok. It's just fried pieces of chicken, like chicken fingers. It wasn't crunchy like the name suggests. The chicken soup was unfortunately very bland. The short ribs were ok. I liked the mac n cheese, my partner really disliked it..I think because it had rosemary in it. I'm assuming the chicken they used for the dishes were from the rotisserie chicken? If so, maybe it was good we skipped it. It was so bland. Overall, I liked the atmosphere of the place. Service was great. I really appreciated our experience yet I was not wowed by it. My heart is broken :(
I usually do not like to go to the same restaurant more than once, especially if it's in the city. I prefer to continue exploring to see what more there is out there but I find myself coming here over and over again. The service is superb and the food is just as amazing. Everything I have tried on the menu is delicious. I highly recommend this spot, I can say this is my favorite restaurant in the city to this day.
Limn Rotisserie is pretty good. It's cute, nice decor and ambiance, good service and a good menu.I have not explored their menu that extensively but here are some of the things that i really like at this place: - Pollo a la brasa. It's very good. Small though, but tasteful. And it comes with 2 sides of your choice.- The Anticuchos are also very good. It's not an easy task to find good anticuchos.- The Cebiche is pretty good. Not the best i've ever had, but it's pretty good.- The empanadas, although fried, are tasty. I definitely prefer baked empanadas.The ajes that they serve are not that great really. Which is surprising, given that Per has a lot of diversity when it comes to ajes. 2 of them look the same and taste similar, and the third one is not even a peruvian aj. I t's a chimichurri sauce, which is argentinian.The maracuy sour was good.Another bummer is that they didn't have any peruvian desserts. They had mango panacotta, profiteroles and some chocolate cake. This was disappointing.I would give Limn Rotisserie 3.5 stars. But i can't...  so i guess 4 it is for now, because i think it's better than okay, but i'm not a fan really.Come visit and come your own conclusion.
WOW! My first experience with Peruvian food.. and it was so great! The chicken had yummy slightly crisp skin... the truffle mac & cheese was SOO creamy....the flank steak was SOOOO tender. The sangria was amazing. I will DEFINITELY be back soon...
Good food, good service good sangria and good energy.
Love this place! It's always good. Big fan of the chicken, as well as the tapas. Their specialty drinks are also unique and delicious. The tuna tartar is a must, as are the yucca fries.
This is not your typical rotisserie, with I usually associate with that hairy old white dude, Colonel Sanders. Limon Rotisserie is also a cevicheria and tapas bar. The chicken is served with several dipping sauces, but it is flavorful enough that the extra sauces are not really necessary. The ceviches and tapas are pretty awesome too.I can't believe I am giving a bunch of roasted chickens a 5-star rating, but it's that good! Sorry Colonel.
The food was very good. The service was ok.
Great food and attentive service. I made reservations for 7pm on a Friday. We were seated promptly on the main floor--this was great at first, but then it's close to the door, so 8pm it was really loud because of all the people waiting for a table. Downstairs is kind of dark and has less ambience, though, so I'd still rather sit upstairs.Apart the noise, Limn is always a a great choice. The two of us shared a quarter chicken (moist and spiced well) which comes with choice of two sides. We chose fried yucca and a salad. We also ordered empanadas de carne, which comes with a yellow chile sauce, lomito saltado (sauted beef with tomatoes, fries, and soy sauce), and extra trio of sauces. And for dessert, we had the chocolate lava cake topped with a caramel cookie and whipped cream. Everything was delicious. If I have to nitpick, I'd say the lomo saltado could've done with a bit less salt. I love Limn and always have a great experience there. Definitely recommend for dinner or happy hour. Major plus--you don't have to book way in advance. I made the reservation via Open Table at like 2pm on Friday.
it was a good first time, but i think i'd order all new items if i ever come back.quarter white chicken was a bit dry for me. but it comes with a trio of dipping sauces.the yucca fries and tacu tacu were delicious sides.the lomito saltado reminded me of vietnamese shaking beef (bo luc lac) .. and it was alright .. probably could've done without this dish. &&the mixed ceviche was good, probably my favorite out of all three.it's a cute place with good service though.
Chicken was juicy and very tasty. Empanadas were crispy and full of happiness. The Mac and Cheese is ridiculous. Even the salad dressing was super yummy. The. Salad. Dressing. Who ever takes the time to write about salad dressing? This location is quieter than Valencia and easier to get a reservation. Loved.
Casual dining, quick friendly service, and fantastic food. The waiter took our orders within 5 minutes after we sat down. Don't mind me using my hands to eat because that's how much I couldn't resist the food at Limon. The portions were small but that didn't matter. What it lacked in portion, it made up in taste. And the taste spoke finger licking good.  We had the rotisserie chicken recommended by 2010 Big Eat SF. The selection was spot on. The chicken was moist and juicy. The skin was full of flavor and the meat was so tender it fell right off the bone. The order came with 2 side dishes and 3 dipping sauces. We chose saut veggie and potato fries. Both side dishes were also good.(yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw)The dipping sauces were yellow tangy, orange tomato, and green Chimichurri. These are not the actual names of the sauces. I made them up based on the color and taste since I couldn't understand the waiter with his cute accent. The yellow & orange sauces went well with everything, the Chimichurri not so much mainly because it was plain. My favorite was the yellow sauce. Still, I would take these sauces over ketchup any day. (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw)We also tried the Jalea, a combination of fried calamari, shrimp, fish, and yucca sticks, topped with shredded pickled onion and served with tartar sauce. The seafood and yucca sticks were fried to a perfect golden brown. Nothing was oily and everything had a crispy bite to it. The surprise here was the yucca sticks. They were so soft & creamy inside yet so crispy outside. Goes so well with the tartar sauce.(yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw)Everything was so good. I practically licked my plate clean. For sure I want to go back. And next time I will bring with me a bigger appetite. Peter L, are you available?
I think this place is overrated. I got the chicken even though the menu had other options that looked more appetizing. But they are known for the chicken, so I decided to give it a shot. Well it was no different than the cooked whole chickens you can get at safeway, very disappointing. The sangria I got was pretty good though.
ROTISSERIE HEAVEN!The 1/2 rotisserie chicken was moist and perfect and a great portion for 4 people! We also shared a dish of the sweet potato fries and the calamari/mixed seafood and 2 dishes of pieces of dark chicken (don't know the dish name). The Yucca fries were kinda plain and didn't come with any dipping sauce. The side of veggies was really good. There was also a plate with steak which was excellent.The wines were reasonably priced and paired well with the food.We were a group of 8 but decided to have the table split in 2 groups since the dishes were too small to split amongst 8 peeps. The waiter had no problem at all doing this and added on a 20% gratuity in the end which was fair. They didn't even mind taking 8 credit cards! Crazy! Not any snobby looks or attitude!Definitely get: Rotisserie chicken and sweet potato fries.Not too fond of: Yucca Fries and mixed seafoodRegret not trying: Cebiche :(Price: $27 per person leaving full and after taxes, tip, including a glass of wine. Not bad! I loved the ambiance and the food! I wish they served some finger food or plantain chips while we waited for our food!
Pretty good chicken. Not as good as Pollo Bravo.
We came to Limon Rotisserie last week for a friend's birthday. Our group of 8 were seated downstairs at a casual low table/booth. The menu is not huge which is perfect when in a big group. They encourage "family style" eating so we ordered a bunch of cold and hot share plates:- ceviche de pescado- 5 stars.. loved the citrus flavor and fish was really fresh- jalea (calamar)i- 5 stars.. not overly oily and nice dipping sauce- chicharron de pollo- 5 HUGE stars.. so tasty and love that they don't use chicken skin- Empanadas (veggie & chicken) 4 stars- Seco de Costillas (braised short rib) 4 starsIn addition to the share plates, we ordered a whole chicken. I was looking to this part of the meal the most so I could check off another item on my 7x7 big eat list. I had a leg (I love dark meat) and the chicken fell off the bone. The dipping sauces are definitely worth trying too. I had a bite of my fianc's breast piece and it wasn't as good- a bit dry. Overall chicken gets 4 stars.The ambiance of the place is great and the service is friendly. Great for groups, celebrations and friend gatherings.
Had the beef tongue, yuca fries, and the mixed ceviche. All good, and the beef tongue was quite remarkable. Super moist, tender, with a good amount of char on the outside to lend more flavor. Yuca fries were pretty much as expected, ceviche was pretty good. The three dishes ended up being enough for two.
...love eating at limon...do wish somehow i could keep them from dropping things from the menu, ie, the ribs, the anticuchos, etc...
My friend and I ate here last Friday. Absolutely amazing!!! The food was sooooo good; some of the best chicken ever, Mac and cheese was delicious, the lomito saltado was very good as well. Everything was delicious! But what got me to give them five stars was the service, you can't find better service anywhere! Will definitely be back again!
ALWAYS awesome. This is my first time writing a review for Limon, but I've eaten here at least 15 times and it's always awesome and consistent. Sangria is delicious and gets a nice buzz going. Polla a la Brasa is their dish for a reason. Lomito Saltado always away. Ceviche Mixto - awesome Not a huge empanadas fan, but their empanadas are delicious as well. Truffle mac n cheese is strong. Good service and the food comes out quickly. Reservations don't always get you seated right on time, but with that Sangria, it's probably a wise time killer anyway.
Very nice place. I went there twice and never was disappointed.I recommend the chicken, very good and cheap !
Our reservation was at 8 but we had to wait until 845 until we were seated. That's why this place loses a star. The chicken was legit, yucca fries good. Ceviche was ok but not amazing. Decent prices. Good spot for a semi-fancy dinner.
Incredible peruvian food. Good location, decent parking. We were seated right away for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. Prices are decent at about $20/plate on the higher end. The service was also pretty good. The wait staff were attentive but not annoying and very kind. I had the paella and it was really good. I'll definitely be back and this will be where I get my paella fix from now on.
We didn't have the Rotisserie Chicken. Let me get that out of the way first. Does that mean everything else has to be average? Here are my takes:Ceviche mixto: Nice mix of fish, shrimp and calamari with a great hot spicy kick to it. Seco de Costillas: This tasted like every other beef stew that most asian cultures have. Sure, the meat was tender, but did it have to taste like my filipino grandmother's Caldereta? Carne a la Parilla: The cuts of steak were average, and the crispy "tacu-tacu" tasted like a fancy version of Costco's veggie burgers, only molded into bite sized balls.Yuca Frita: This was my favorite dish on the menu. Basically it was a large french fried potato, but it was yummy. Seriously? Does the best tasting thing have to be the french fries? Chicarron de Pollo: Deep fried chicken bites. Ours tasted overcooked so it was a little too crispy and chewy. Sweet Potato Fries: Good, but not as good as "The Counter" at Santana Row. Sauce for the fries: Yessss.. One thing that I completely loved at this place. It was a mustard looking sauce, a little on the sweet side, but tasted great.
This place is SO good! My family and I have eaten at two of the three Limon Rotisseries for dinner. One time at this location and the other I forgot where. The food is just amazingly flavorful and we've always ordered seconds on almost everything we order. The price is very good for what you get and service is always consistent. While the servers may not be the friendliest, they do tend to your every need and always check on you, so I can't really complain about them. I don't go to Limon for service anyway. It's ALL about the food here; their signature rotisserie chicken is amazing. The dipping sauces it comes with are no less amazing either. I'll be coming to Limon for years to come, and even as I'm writing this review, I'm craving some of those delicious appetizers/tapas!P.S. Those who hate on Limon should probably get their taste buds checked out. This place is diviinneeeeeee
MULTIPLE CHOICE QUIZ:Limon is:a) A lively and energetic hot spotb) A chaotic clusterfuck of a restaurantc) A hell of an excuse to search for parking in the Missiond) All of the aboveThe Carne a la Parrilla is:a) The most delicious hanger steak that your foodist la bouche will devourb) The best thing on the menuc) Worth every cent of $9.75 d) All of the aboveThe service resembles:a) The 405 during rush hourb) Speedy Gonzales on crackc) Uh, pure neglect. (Let's be blunt.)d) All of the aboveAnswers:If you answered b, d, c then you apparently had plenty of time to take this quiz, decide what to order, update your Facebook page, watch five YouTube videos on your iPhone, grind the hawt guy across the room, ponder the meaning of life, pick the lint from your belly button, and text dump your girlfriend before having to hunt down a server to even acknowledge your existence and take your order.
family style is the way to go. make sure you get yuca fries and extra dipping sauces with your chicken
The tuna tartar was delicious! Chicarron de Pollo was also a huge hit at our table. Make reservations in advance if possible.
My initial rating straddled between 3 stars to 4 stars. Finally decided on 4 stars because the signature dish is the best roasted chicken I've had. Looking around the restaurant, it appeared that everyone ordered either the 1/2 chicken or the whole chicken. Both choices comes with 2 sides. My husband & I came with another couple. We decided on the 1/2 chicken since we wanted to try some other small plates. Well, later we regretted it. Shoulda had the whole chicken. It was that good. For our sides, we chose the veggies and the yucca fries. The veggies were very good. Also had 2 types of ceviches (ahi tuna and the mixed seafood); the anticuchos; the braised short ribs; the sweet potato fries; and lastly, we shared the warmed chocolate cake. The guys each had a glass of wine; I had a mojito, and my girlfriend has the strawberry lemonade. All drinks priced reasonably. Memorable dishes - the chicken, the sweet potato fries; and the warm chocolate cake. Chicken was flavorful and fork tender, even the breast meat. Sweet potato fries had a little nice kick to it. The cake was a nice dark chocolate and just enough to please the palate.Average dishes - the ceviche. Don't get the ahi tuna. You can barely find it on the plate. The mixed seafood one was better. And the braised short ribs tasted just o.k.Improvement needed - the pace of the food. Everything came all at once. Gave us the feeling we were at a fast food joint. Our friend called it "McLimon". They should serve the cold plates first if the table orders it; let us savor the food with our drinks; then bring the hot foods. We felt we were eating at a buffet. To their credit, we were able to enjoy our warmed chocolate cake with our coffees at a leisurely pace. Maybe because we had to wait for the dessert which typically takes 15-20 minutes to cook in the oven. Coffee was refilled as needed.Final word about the pace - tables turned over quickly and there wasn't much of a wait when we arrived at 6 p.m. So don't quite understand the urgency to bring the food quickly and clear the used plates while we're attempting to enjoy our dining experience.Each couple paid $56.00 inc. tax & tip.And final word - better to sit in the main dining room on street level than to go down to the basement dining area.
OH LIMON.... YES you should definitely dine here, this is one of the best peruvian spots in the city considering quality of food, value, portions, location and authenticity. Food is divine and they recently added a full bar and decent pisco cocktails. My only complain comes down to service/the hostes, I have dine there over 30 times or so and yep, their SERVICE will always be a turn off. I get it, it is a high volume restaurant so they mess up the reservations very often... they will even have you wait 30/45 minutes after your reservation time. I have had every item in their menu and the best are:Tartara de tuna and Leche de tigre cevicheLomito Salteado and of course their famous Pollo Rostizado (Rotisserie Chicken) sooooo gooood, juicy and unexpensive / comes with two sides and sauces / hands down for this item :)They also do catering (same food they sell in the restaurant) I did it once for my birthday and didnt disappoint.
Business was bustling on a Thursday night ... but we only had to wait about 5 minutes for our table of 5.We got a nice cozy table by the window and ordered 2 whole chickens and the Ceviche mixto. I let the Peruvians order.The chicken was great - as were the sauces ... only complaint is that they didn't give us very much sauce. We choose yucca and sweet potato fries as our sides. Both were tasty but everyone raved about the yucca.The caipirinha wasn't as good as ones I've had ... it tasted like alcohol with some generic mix - so skip that. Service was good, but the small dessert menu made me sad.
SO good!!!I arrived late and friends had ordered the prixe fixe menu, so I am not 100% sure what dishes were ordered, but they were all delicious. As most other reviewers mentioned, the rotisserie chicken is amazing. Juicy, tender, tasty sauces (there were 3), yum! The plain fries were delicious and crisp, the fries doused in beef and onions (Lomito Saltado) were tasty as well! The Ensalada Mixta was nice and refreshing The main con was the EXTREMELY loud atmosphere. We had to really shout to hear each other. It was pretty packed, but the servers were fairly prompt and responsive to us. I would definitely go back!
Pros:- They serve the BEST rotisserie chicken here (1/2 order of it comes with 2 sides to choose from)!- There are 2 floor levels to this place.- I love their veggie empanada. - I enjoy their ceviche (shrimp and fish).- I can't get enough of their sweet potato fries.- Their veggie side dish is really good too.Cons:- Can get too loud when place gets packed, harder to hear each other.
We ordered a bunch of stuff:Pollo a la BrasaLomito SaltadoChicharron de PolloYuca FriesArrozI would have liked bigger portions. For the amount that we paid we could have easily driven a mile down and received huge portions. Regardless, the chicharron de pollo was excellent and the pollo a la brasa was so tender. I'd come back if I had more money to blow.
Food- Pollo & Aji sauces. Moist and flavorful. - Sides (yuca fries + tacu tacu). Yummy carbs to pair with the chicken.- Lomito Saltado. A bit salty but the beef was tender. - Dessert (chocolate bandido). Best part was the lacey cookie.- Red Sangria. Some of the best I've had. Deliciously sweet and packed with fruit. Service: Hostess was friendly. Our waiter wasn't that friendly but sorta warmed up towards the end of our meal. Ambiance: Dark setting but intimate and comfortable. Gotta love seeing those flashes of flames coming from the open kitchen. They're definitely cooking up good things in there.
Awesome - food, staff, ambience, everything! Went with hubby on a Tuesday night for dinner, didn't have reservation and was told either 20min wait or bar, we went for the bar - loved it! J.R. was the bar tender and seriously, if I can nominate him for the bar tender of sf award, I would! Totally chill yet friendly, always attentive when we needed anything (even though I don't think he even had a second to pause between making drinks!), yet we thoroughly enjoyed a nice private couple's dinner together too. Marking this as a must visit spot for sf!
OUT OF STATE CHICKEN! I went there specifically for their local free range chicken as to a review, found out is was a Arkansas chicken, I am into sustainability and animal integrity and could not even eat it. How can anyone go to a restaurant and eat OUT OF STATE CHICKEN!!
This place always delivers, the upstairs section is a little cramped so try to sit downstairs if you can. Do not try to walk in without a reservation on the weekend since the wait will be over an hour.
Leche de tigre! So delicious! I love this place! I love the ceviche and I love the service. Parking is a hassle, but worth it! Celebrated my birthday here and came back the very next day for some more! If you like ceviche, this is the place! Love!!
Amazing !!!! The ceviche is delicious. 4 small plates between 3 of us was perfect. Highly recommend this to others !!I've been here twice and the food was good both times, but the second time around the food was a little cold, which was kind of annoying.
*Solid* rotisserie chicken. Very nice sides. Excellent dessert. The service was fast and attentive...probably because I was there with my nieces and gf at 630 PM!....I guess that's what time normal kids under the age of 20 eat at-ha!Nice wine selection and with port and sharing two desserts - came out to under $90!!...in SF?...practically unheard of for quality food of this type. Highly recommended!!
This is not a wise choice for a group. The place gets cramped like a subway at rush hour. Even though we made reservations, we still had to wait over an hour. The hostesses seemed inept and clueless about seating. Stomachs growled. Tempers flared. Party ruined. I suppose even mediocre food tastes great when you're starving. The starch dishes were average and the chicken slightly better. In fairness, I must acknowledge that the ceviche is unique: large fillet nuggets of soft sashimi like fish in an amazing marinade of lime and herbs that are almost minty.The speed with which the food arrived concerned me. The chicken could not possibly have been made to order. And if the popular dishes are already sitting under a heating lamp or rotating on a rotisserie ready to serve, why is the wait so damn long?I can't even recommend this restaurant for a dinner date either. It was so noisy, I saw couples yelling into each others' bended ears. I also saw guests hollering at the waiter as he flew away unaware.I was also glad to fly away. Overall, I don't think the flavor justifies the torture.
Limon is a great restaurant for group dining. At first when we arrived I wondered how we would all fit but I soon learned that they had a lower level..We had a total of approximately 16. For large groups of 12 or more they require the prix fix dinner served family style. We ordered the $25pp (there is also a $30pp menu) which included:-Tuna Tartare-Ceviche-Mixed Green Salad-Lomito-Chicharron de Pollo-Pollo a la Brasa
I'm a real fan of this nondescript restaurant in San Francisco's Mission District which apparently the recipient of a makeover. i went for lunch and our service was great and food was very delicious. Best recommendations: Pollo a la Brasa (half chicken is good enough for two, and so sweet and tender), chicken empanadas, and for sides the vegetales salteados and the tacu-tacu. I'd definitely return one day, and consider trying the other two locations.
I've never had Peruvian cuisine before, so my cousin insisted on bringing me here. She claimed that it was the best Peruvian food you could ever try in California - she was telling the truth! My family and I are Eastern European; Russian to be exact. From our culture, it's typical to eat a lot of meat and a lot of potatoes, and we love tongue as well. At this quaint and packed restaurant, they served us up the absolute best, hands-down-melt in-your-mouth, juicy, tender tongue that my family and I have ever eaten. In Russian cuisine, the only way tongue ever seems to be eaten is boiled and served alongside sauteed onions. Yet that night, they grilled it, retaining it's meaty texture and bringing everything to a whole different level. Everything from the chicken to the sides were exquisite, and I would definitely recommend sitting down for a dinner here if you ever visit San Fran or live near by.
I want to love Limon and have tried both locations now and can only say it's ok. It's great for big parties because you can make reservations. And the food is definitely good - but not amazing. I will definitely go back if I need to make sure I have a Mission spot with a reservation which as we all know is challenging. But definitely can't say it's a favorite.
is amazing food for the best price. Came into the S. Van Ness location with 9 ladies and everyone was impressed with the flavors of each entree.Must try's are the rotisserie chicken, short ribs, red snapper ceviche, skirt steak, truffle mac & cheese and fries.oh and don't forget the sangria!Will definitely be coming back again and again.
The rotisserie chicken here is great! The leche de tigre is a bit too spicy for some so be careful. The service here is always great and welcoming. Can't say anything bad about this place, but it is usually packed.
The food is delicious!!! I could eat every meal there and never be sick of it. The abmiance is nice well. Will definitely go back!
Fresh off the heels of an extravagant Peruvian meal at La Mar Cebicheria, we went at it again at Limon Rotisserie. It's not apples-to-apples: La Mar is haute cuisine, while Limon is a more casual and more affordable Mission alternative. I won't pretend to gauge them side-by-side; both were excellent meals any way you slice it.Highly recommend getting and sharing as many dishes as possible. Don't just run for the chicken. It's awesome, but hardly unique. Try out the short ribs, the ceviche, and the fried, mixed seafood. Special tip: the dessert (though not remotely peruvian) is nice -- especially the panna cotta.
This place was pretty good. I wasn't blown away or anything, but it was a delicious meal. They did forget to bring us one thing we ordered but to be fair we forgot to remind them to bring it! We ordered various small plates like the fish ceviche (very fresh), the octopus (amazing flavor but not that tender, so they didn't massage it), the lomito saltado (this was very good), jalea (not super exciting but the sauce saved it), the champinones (very tasty, but almost seemed like something I could have easily made at home), the rice and sea food (again, kind of plain but good). The presentation of the plates was decent. The pisco sours were delicious and the ambience was nice. I recommend it for a tasty meat-lovers meal in a casual environment, but don't expect fire works.
This is, by far, one of my favorite places to eat in SF! The quality and taste of the food, the portion sizes (smaller than the average gi-normous American entree), the PRICE, the location... really great!Food drinks funI've had so much there I don't know where to begin. The chicken is SO tasty, the beef, the ceviche, the drinks, the desserts... dude.The location is swell because it's right by BART. Parking has never been an issue nor have reservations.If you want something different than Italian, Japanese, or Californian, this is it! Fun, festive, zippy, tasty, affordable. Cheers :)
What can I say? A disappointment if you happen to enjoy food that doesn't taste microwaved.Went here for lunch on a Monday, and even though I'd made a reservation for 4 in which I requested a certain corner table (which they had told me would be no problem) they were sitting a group at that very table as we entered. I had reserved it, and in any case the place wasn't full, so they could easily have sat the group somewhere else. The waiters were not concerned, did not check the reservation, did not apologize, did not seem to care at all.But whatever, not the end of the world, I don't insist and we sit somewhere else. I had read great reviews of the food (chicken especially) and was excited to try it. So I was pretty stunned to taste chicken that I could have found at Whole Foods and microwaved myself, sweet potato fries that were on par with frozen Trader Joe's, and sauces that looked like mayo with a few sprigs of parsley thrown in. The fact that the food came so fast adds to my suspicion. They moved us in and out in under 45minutes. It wasn't terrible, but nothing you'd expect given the reviews. For the price and the pretentiousness this place has, I would be better off eating at home.
I'm a big fan of Mario's Peruvian place in LA, so someone recommended that I try this place when I was visiting SF. Maybe it was hyped up, but I wasn't all that impressed. It's weird because I expected a hole-in-the-wall type of place with huge portions and greasiness, but it's a little more upscale than I expected. The food is pretty good and the sangria wasn't bad, but the food portions are small. Their sauces are kind of interesting, but maybe I'm ghetto, Mario's green sauce is better. Plus it's in a crappy neighborhood. The service is good, and the staff is friendly.
My wife and I went here for lunch to try the highly rated empanadas. Boy were we disappointed. The "Peruvian fusion" empanadas, served plain with two to a plate and a side of mustard sauce, didn't taste much like traditional empanadas. The chicken was so- so and the carne had a strange taste. To top it off the music was blaring too loud and the prices were on the high side. We won't be returning and will look for real tasty empanadas elsewhere in the Mission.
Didn't know what to expect and was really impressed! It was a little crowded, to the point that I couldn't really scoot my chair back and it was super complicated to get to the bathroom, but the food and service were great. I would definitely go back if I were in the area and it wasn't busy but I don't know that I would go out of my way to visit again.
Just loved this little place.Does not compare to any of the Peruvian places I have tried here in LA. Their Lomito was impeccable, and the vegetable and fries crispy and oh so flavorful. They're rotisserie chicken was really good but I have to admit that the best I have had is actually in Mexico. So not the best for me but still very tasty.My friend had 2 glasses of the Sangria and for some odd reason enjoyed the 2nd glass even though he didn't really enjoy the first. I on the other hand had a classic mojito and it was delicious! For once a bartender that actually muddles!Service was quick and polite. Not too enthusiastic but definitely not bad. And they're bathrooms were very clean and well kept. Don't know when I will return to San Francisco but I would love to go back to Limon. Bring me some Lomito next time you come to LA Carlos A.!
This place is amazing. I had the rostireie Chicken and it was one of the best I had in years, juicy and tasty
Really, the best chicken I've had in San Francisco. It is so good. The entire menu is delicious.... they even have delicious mac 'n' cheese. Try the ceviche mixto and make sure to get some yuca fries too!On my most recent visit, there was a very long wait and was eventually seated downstairs. They seem to sit their larger groups there. The only thing is, it is VERY NOISY downstairs. The walls echo everything and you end up shouting to the people sitting next to you. But, if you're in good company... it's not so bad.
I would probably not come back here. My friends wanted to eat in the mission. This was their concession my healthy food preference. We got a whole rotisserie chicken with three kinds of sauce. I live all three but thought the chimmichuri was the best. We also ordered a salad that turned out to be a variation of a Russian salad with beets and a mayo dressing. we also got the fried seafood platter. This was just ok to me. We also had the short ribs which were super salty and also more like braised brisket. The sides wee the Tacu Tacu and the Yucca fries. They were pretty forgettable. We left feel full but with no desire to return. Also went in search of bi rite ice cream.
The food is delicious!! A must if you are visiting San Francisco. We drove here from San Jose just for Limon.
The reviews speak for themselves! This place has incredible food, fast service, and unbelievable prices. Make sure to try the cocktails!
I love this place. It is never disappointing. The staff is friendly and the food is always on point. I love the ambiance and cocktails. Get the ceviche mixto... so yummy! The chicharron de pollo is also amazing. I also love this restaurant because they always accommodate large parties. A great place to celebrate birthdays. Thanks Antonio for always taking care of us!
Food has excellent flavors, great service, plates are small but thats typical because it is a tapas place. Good ti come with friends and order everything in the menu. Yummy drinks as well!
I came here with a party of seven with a reservation at about 12:30. We were all running quite late and the hostess was quite kind and understanding with saving our reservation and pushing it back to 1:00 pm.We ordered 2 whole chickens with yuca fritas, sweet potato fries, a small salad, and the rice&bean fried thingy (cannot remember the name!). All were so delicious. The chicken was not as soft as I would like, but still good - esp. with the sauces they give you!This place is also very reasonably priced for the amount of food we got - we still had half a chicken left over once we finished lunch (and mind you, we were starving when we sat down).Would def. come back!
Oh how I've missed Limon so! Thanks to my awesome friend, I was reacquainted with its sister restaurant. Between the 3 of us, we shared the: Pitcher of Sangria - just as good as Joya in PA 1/2 Rotisserie chicken - very tender & perfectly marinated Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron - fresh, lemony goodness! Anticuchos de Res - interesting, a little tougher than other beef parts Carne a la Parrilla - good but I prefer the full sized version @ the OG Limon. Seco de Costillas - melt in your mouth tender! Tasted like Vietnamese beef stew. Vegetales Salteados - a must try! Crunchy green beans seasoned well. Decor was casual and service was good.
The chicken is delicious! Very juicy! The lomo saltado wasn't that great, but their crispy ceviche was pretty good. I also had some of the Peruvian lager which wasn't bad, but I wished they had draft beer.
Tip: order a bunch of stuff and do it family style. so many good flavors. chicken, lomo saltado, the chicharon chicken, ceviche, yuca fries, empanadas, sangria Chicken is what they do but the chicken that we had was oversalted, flavors in the chicken were very complex but only if it was less salted, it would have been pretty money. but lose a star for that. My favorite was the empanadas and the chicharon chicken. Might be that they are both deep fried but taste was out of this world. Empanadas had a lot of flavor, beef one was the best. Chicharon chicken is a deep fried crispy chicken and it lived up to billing. Get yourself some.
Lomito Saltado + Chicken + Flor de Cao Aejo = Damn good dinner plans.Oh ya and the price....half of what I expected. Bottom line, if you're in the mission after you get your med card down the street, you need to get yourself some Peruvian awesomeness
Love this place. Great food and atmosphere- all at a very reasonable price too! I have gone here a couple of times: in a reunion of around 14 people, girls catch up session of 3, and a date for two. Each time, I left well fed :) Food- Thumbs up on the the whole chicken with two sides. Love the seasoning and light crisp to the chicken. As for sides, can't go wrong with the sauteed vegetables or sweet potatoes! I really like the flavoring of the sauteed vegetables so I'd even consider doubling up on that if you love your veggies. The seafood ceviche also makes a great appetizer. I've also tried the mac and cheese, and my friends liked it. But it was a little to heavy for my taste (it wasn't really Homeroom in Oakland status or anything IMO). For two people, a whole chicken, 2 sides, 2 appetizers, and a drink leaves you full and even with leftovers. For three people with this same amount, you'll leave feeling comfortably full :) Drinks- Tried the piso sour before.. lol the egg whtie drop in the description intrigued me. To be honest, this drink was eh... A little strong/bitter like for my taste. Probably not going for that again. Also tried Sangria too here, and getting a pitcher of that is great for groups!Accommodation/Atmosphere- It's very chill and relaxing spot. Their family style menu definitely makes it easy to share food for larger parties. I also like their open table reservation online. I've never had to wait long to get seated when I came here. Only exception is that for larger parties, they do require that your whole party is present before being seated. Price- You can easily have a cheap and full dinner here for two/three over the whole chicken combo and an appetizer at $20-$30 total. Split family style for larger groups, not bad at all!Parking- Let me tell you, when I think of any restaurants in the city- it's full of cringe and ughhhhz at the thought of finding parking. However, the location of Limon is out of downtown so parking is not bad at all! You might have to circle a little bit, but I've always found a spot on S. Vaness or 21st/20th and walk a little.Service- Service isn't superb or over the top I'd say. It's just alright... For some reason their servers aren't very cheery or upbeat- they're kind of rushy too. Was here for lunch one time, and the server just kind of threw the dessert menu in front of me.. Not nice. But all good- I'm here for the food anyway so it doesn't bother me too much. If they change up their service style and are a little more attentive, this place would definitely get a full 5 stars. Other than that- a great eat in the City!
Excellent tasting chicken. The food never disappoints.
In an attempt to try to complete the SF Big Eat, I came across this restaurant on the list. After seeing all the good reviews, I decided to try it out and came here for lunch. My friend and I ordered: the half rotisserie chicken w/ yuca frita and vegetables for the 2 sides, Chicharron de Pollo (crispy chicken), and the sangria. The chicken came with 3 dipping sauces that I had no idea what was in them but wow, they were all pretty damn good. The chicken was really flavorful and juicy, but if it weren't for the sauces it could be comparable to a Costco chicken. The sides that I ordered were also really good, vegetables were a bit on the oily side but the flavor made up for it. The sangria was amazing! A must try if you like wineThe small plate dish my friend ordered was a little disappointing. The fried chicken was rather hard, chewy, and hard to eat. Should have listened to the yelpers who recommended the ceviche dishes. I gave this restaurant 4 stars because the service was mediocre. My waiter seemed like he was in a rush to take my order and wasn't very helpful when I was asking about certain items on the menu. But other than that the food was awesome, neighborhood seems a bit sketch though, order the rotisserie chicken if you go!
This place sucks big time, service is very poor!! Waited for 15 minutes for a table when I had a reservation... Food was horrible.... The chicken was burn and dry.. Fries cold, and the ceviche what can I say old fish taste.... Overall a bad experience... Never going back again...
Two words: taku taku. And the 1/2 roasted chicken. Okay, that's five but it's some of the best comfort food you'll find that's easy on your wallet. Reservations recommended as it gets pretty darn crowded at all hours they seem to be open.
My new favorite place in SF. High quality food at a reasonable price. Great for couples and groups. I think it's my go to place to bring locals and out-of-towners alike.Get the: roast chickenyucca friessweet potato frieslomito saltado (more meat, less potatoes please!)empanadas - meat and veggiescerviche Great place!
Make reservations! This place is popular every night! Ambiance: casual with a hint of sophistication. Cozy and warm. Friendly staff. For a party of 4...Food: *Pollo a la Brasa (half order); delicious! Remember the chicken order comes with 2 free sides! Order the vegetable salteados and Yuca fries. *Ceviche de Pescado: must order! Fresh and light. *Chicharron de Pollo: crispy chicken marinated in soy sauce, garlic and aji Amarillo. I thought the flavor was good but chicken was not as crispy as I would I like it. *Seco de Costillas: braised boneless beef short ribs; Again, good flavor but a bit dry. I wish it was a little more tender. *Truffle Mac & Cheese: yummy! Who doesn't like mac & cheese?! Dessert: I had the profiteroles served with Lucuma ice cream. Ice cream was the best part. The puff pastry was a just okay. Overall, I still had a great time. There was enough food for the four of us. We also had a pitcher of sangria which is always wonderful.
Walking around the Mission District -- you're likely to stumble upon something GREAT, and that's exactly what happened with Limon Rotisserie.Me and my dining partner asked for a menu before being seated and the hostess provided some great recommendations. Friendly and welcoming. She convinced us to sit. And after dinner she recommended reservations on the weekend, gave us a card and also a discount for another location. thumbs up!We took all her recs, pretty much. Ordered 2 sangrias (YUM, SOME OF THE BEST IVE HAD, AND CHEAP) the Tuna Tartare (peruvian? who cares, delish and SUPER fresh) and the half-chicken with yucca fries and sauteed veggies. The host recommended all of those and we ordered the truffle mac and cheese (again, peruvian? who cares, it was heaven)More than enough food to fully satisfy two people. The sauteed veggies were surprisingly delicious, and the chicken was pretty much the best rotisserie I've had with a bright and flavored pack bite. They give you three dipping sauces-- one spicy, one mild, and one that is oil based and all full of flavor. I dipped my chicken and my yucca into every one, alternating so as not to favor one over the other, didn't want to hurt any feelings.This place is lively, so if you're looking to have a quiet convo, go elsewhere. Small menu-- NO GOOD FOR VEGETARIANS, seriously, like 1option other than a salad. With drinks, tax and tip, the bill was under 50 for two--- which is a hard find in SF.
Very affordable prices for Peruvian food in the city! I thought the rotisserie chicken might be dry, but it was actually very well seasoned and juicy! It was my favorite part of the meal! For sides, we got the yucca fries which were crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside, and mixed veggies since our waiter suggested that. We also tried the ceviche mixto which was also pretty good. Can't really go wrong with leche de tigre.Third dish we had was chicharon de pollo which was a little dry for my liking, but the tangy sauce it came with was very good! This was my second time trying Peruvian food; my first time being Sazon in Santa Rosa which blew my mind. My meal at Sazon was double the price but it did come in bigger portions and the quality and presentation of all the foods there was amazing. Sazon may be hard to beat, but I'm still looking forward to continue my Peruvian adventures through the city with La Mar and Mochica!
Best ceviche Ive ever had! Great presentations. My husband took me here for my birthday last year. I love Limon. I've had other ceviche since and nothing compares. Everything I go to SF I think about going to Limon.Cool atmosphere, trendy, attentive service.
This restaurant has delicious food. I've been here three times, to two of the three locations, and keep it in my back pocket when showing people around SF and the Mission. It's peruvian style tapas and rotisserie chicken. We went with five people and got a whole chicken, which I think in the future I would forego, go for a half chicken, and order more of their small plates -- which are absolutely amazing. Their tuna tartare is perfection, and all their other plates are wonderful too. The only ones I would avoid are maybe the ceviche mixto (I liked it, my dad found it to be a little fishy), and the carne a la parilla, which was a little tough and tasteless compared to the rest of the meal. You can't go wrong with the rest.
Good service, great food and reasonable prices.
Small restaurant so it would be best to make a reservation. If you are sitting near the front, beware of people waiting to be seated who will stand too close to your seat and hit your head repeatedly with the jacket they held in one while they balanced a drink in their hand at the same time. Parking also really sucks in the area.Tapas are pretty decent and be careful not to over order like my friend and I did because you will get full quick. I really like the all cheese empanada that the waiter recommended us but the fish (I think it might have been a mahi mahi special? Can't remember) was a bit dry and the flavor was just okay. Favorite ceviche is the Fish & Shrimp option. The Lomita Saltado was tasty. Service was attentive.
At first I was a bit put off by the location, seating, and menus.. but all that didn't influence my overall experience because the food and drinks are excellent! The sangria, chicken, yam fries, vegetables, empanadas, and chocolate bandito was super tasty. Will be back!
I think this place is good for a 3-4 person group so you can try out a bit of everything. Me and my friend had the tuna (pretty good) the chicken, both were quite excellent, especially the dipping sauces you get for your sides which I think one was one of the best parts of the meal.Apparently the guy's urinal isn't the best thing to use, the guy coming out of the bathroom was complaining about how it reflects back quite a lot back out of the bowl directly onto him. Needless to say I used the toilet.
anticuchos de res (beef heart) - MUST TRY (5/5). i was anticipating chewy and tough, but it was perfectly tender and delicious. no one was a fan of the choclo (corn on steroids)pollo a la brasa (4/5) - i'm guilty. my favorite part of this dish was the dipping sauces (5/5). although the meat is juicy and tender and the skin is crispy and flavorful.ceviche de pescado (2/5) - i've had better. i'm not a fan of thicker cuts of fish and it was a little too wet for my taste.ensalada rusa (3/5) - root salad. something different sides:tacu tacu - rice and beansensalada - surprisingly goodyucca fries - yum! thick, C thought they were a good medium for trying out all of the sauces.
Two legs, two wings, two thighs, and two breasts! Can you eat all that chicken? I could, I did, and in one sitting. Limon Rotisserie is now one of my favorite restaurants in all of San Francisco. Why you ask? Well it's because their portions are gigantic (My meal could easily have fed 3 people), all of their food is phenomenal, and their prices are really cheap. My friend and I wandered into this place at about 8pm on a chilly SF night. We were both surprised to find that the wait time for two people was 40 minutes. We both thought that the food must be amazing if the wait time on a Monday night was so long. Once seated the first thing I noticed that you can order a whole rotisserie chicken and two sides for only $15.95. That's two legs, two wings, two thighs, and two breasts plus two sides for only $15.95. That deal was way too good to pass up so I decided to order it. I was a little worried that the some parts of the rotisserie chicken may be dry but to my surprise every piece (even the white meat) was super juicy, in fact it may have been the juiciest rotisserie chicken I have ever eaten. The Peruvian spices that have been rubbed on the chicken are spectacular. They chicken also comes with two dipping sauces. The first sauce tasted like a cilantro sour cream sauce and the second was kind of like a honey Dijon. Both of these sauces were super tasty. For my sides I went with their Yuca Frita, and their tacu-tacu. The Yuca's were like big French fries, except way better. They were super crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. These things actually melted in my mouth, they were awesome. The tacu-tacu are little oval shaped rolls that are fried, and filled with rice and beans. These things are also really good. Like I said before the prices at Limon are great. My entire bill for all that food and a diet coke came to less than $20 dollars. The service here was also really good. It only took about ten minutes for our meals to be brought to us after we had ordered them. Limon is a fantastic restaurant, I highly recommend this place to anyone visiting the bay area. Just make sure you go with a huge appetite because if you don't you may leave with half a chicken in a dogie bag. P'S- I was so full that I did not even get to order a dessert. That is something that has never happened to me before.
Rotisserie chicken - nothing extraordinaryCeviche - To drool for. One of the best tasting ceviche I have ever had. Empanda- Every flavor is good.Sangria- creepa. Careful esp when you're thirsty. Tastes like juice, so its a trickster.I tried others, but I think I had too much Sangria that everything tasted the same after a I had a few glasses. I don't remember the other dishes I had.
This is just for the hostess. I wish I could do a split review, but alas. Last night was a Friday and it was rainy. I called 15 minutes before our reservation at 6 and explained that we would be about 15 minutes late. The hostess stated that she would have to let our reservation go at 6:15 even though, she admitted, the restaurant was not full. I know, I worked in the front house for 10 years. It's a Friday, in the mission, I get it. When we arrived, at 6:15, she again stated that she almost let our reservation go (restaurant still not busy) and that we had an hour to dine. What?? My wife then asked what would happen if we went over the hour, the hostess said that she would come to our table and ask us to leave. The second hostess, though my friendlier, then told our sever "they have an hour." You have to be kidding! I have never, ever, not even once, been given a time frame to eat. That is back of the house business and there are ways to make a dinner get through their meal fast. The food (empanada, chicken, and yummy steak and fries dish) was tainted by this super rushed feeling we had the whole meal. There were still empty tables when we left 45 minutes later. Never going back for feeling so epically unwelcome.
Limon is a fantastic introduction to Peruvian food and an all-around great value. The food is delicious and hearty, everything served family-style. First off, the ceviche is effing FANTASTIC. My boyfriend and I have been to Peru and this was one of the closest ceviches to those we tasted in Lima. We ordered the ceviche de pescado y camaron. The snapper and shrimp were large portions and Limon's "Leche de Tigre" marinade was delicious! The ceviche was even served with a side of boiled sweet yam and large Peruvian white corn kernels, just like they do in LIma. The half rotisserie chicken was more than enough for 2 people, especially when paired with the 2 sides and 3 dipping sauces. I can see why some people's tastes might find the chicken to be on the salty side, but I have a salty palate and thought it was very tasty and well-seasoned. They have rotisserie chicken down to a science here and it shows. The chicken was juicy, tender, and flavorful. The 2 sides we ordered, sweet potato fries and tacu-tacu (beans mixed with white rice), paired well with the chicken. I wasn't wowed by the Seco de Castillas (braised boneles beef short ribs with huacatay and cilantro, served with potatoes carrots and English peas) and the Sangria. The chicken is the star here!
Went there for Valentine's Day with my girlfriend. I had a reservation but due to the parking situation I was 30 minutes late, but they still took me even though the place was completely packed! I have never had Peruvian food before so this was interesting. Going with other Yelpers suggestions, we had the rotesserie chicken and the steak with fries orders (I forgot the names). Both of the dishes were awesome and had lots of spice! Only downside to them was that the steak was a bit overcooked and the chicken could have been a little more juicy, but it was oven roasted so it couldn't really be too juicy. I would definitely recommend this place! I'll have to go back again and try the rest of the stuff on the menu!
Mac and cheese with truffles, empanadas, lomito saltado, pollo...
Juicy, tender, flavorful, rips off the bone rotisserie chicken. Believe the hype! Get it with a pitcher of sangria. They taste better and is equally as strong as the ones they serve at Cha Cha Cha!
Awesome place with great food! I didn't like the noise so much though.
Finally tried this place over the weekend. I LOVE IT!!!!! The food was DELICIOSO, the service was fast and the price tag was low compared to other tasty SF meals.Mike and I shared half a chicken with Yukka fries and Tacu Tacu as sides. We also ordered a Lomito Saltado to share. The chicken was flavorful and juicy. I"m usually more into the sides, but the chicken really stole the show for me. Mike was in love with the Tacu Tacu. It tasted like day old refried beans and rice fried once more! Yummy. Loved the flavor of the lomito saltado. The sauce was great, but the meat wasn't outstanding. Had a couple bites of our friends ceviche. Very strong lime flavors, which really suits to my taste. What was amazing was that MIke and I spent around $45 (including tax and the 20% tacked on to the large party bill) and we had enough food to fill us + we both ordered Pisco Sours! Really not bad compared to what we spend at other restaurants in the city! Can't wait to go back :)
Wasn't able to try everything since it was just me and my friend, but will definitely be back for the ceviche and other tasty-looking items! What we got was really good, and I look forward to coming back.What we got:- chicken - tasty, though I wasn't sure what the big deal was- ensalada rusa - a good mix of root veggies, some starchy (potato and maybe yucca) and some sweet (beets, cooked carrots)- truffled mac and cheese - soooo tasty...such a treat after 2 weeks of low carb diet...yum!
relatively inexpensive, tasty, fast, big portions, no nonsense food
OH MY GOSH! IT'S SO GOOD!!!So right when you walk in, you think all the seating they have is what you can see.. BUT NOOO one of the servers took us to this magical place downstairs and I found that they have an underground bar and extra seating there. COOL!So my group ordered half a chicken with yuca (kinda like large potato fries but yummier) and tacu tacu (which is sort of mashed rice in my opinion), lomito saltado... and two other things that I cannot remember for some reason. I think we ordered this one steak dish that was served over tacu tacu and a chicken dish with a yummy sauce but man SORRY READERS but I really can't remember the names of it.BUT I CAN TELL YOU THAT EVERYTHING WE ORDERED WAS DELICIOUS!!!!! Seriously, I've never had Peruvian food before and if this is what Peruvian food tastes like, I wouldn't mind having it everyday!BUT BE WARNED the portions are TINY!!!! I honestly felt like I came here for snacking and not dinner.. and I was accompanied with 4 men. FORTUNATELY the biggest men of the group weren't hungry and I think all 4 dudes were aware that I was the hungriest there so they all let me eat as much as I wanted... But alas I was not full nor satisfied and wanted more.. But it was already pricey and we ordered alot so we decided to just stop there...BUT MAN if I was a rich person (or a person with a job) I would have TOTALLY ordered more food! IT TASTES SO GOOD!! SERIOUSLY! LOVE the flavors here! Can't wait to come back here again when I have more money!Oh yeah before I dinner I had a mango lemonade which was good too, but I rather save my money and get food with it next time.. wait but then again my friend paid for my drink.. ah I feel bad for wasting his money!
ENVIRONMENTUpstairs is your typical contemporary restaurant feel. Good ambiance but noise level is a bit on the loud side.. Downstairs is very loungey, and while I've never been for late night- it looks like it could turn into a clubish areaFOODTheir Yucca Fries are off the hook! First time I've had them was here so was sorely disappointed when I tried ordering them in other places. Lomito Saltado lives up to it's hype, and Pollo a la Brasa is very good and flavorful.DRINKSLove their Sangria- we get it every time.DOWNSIDESCan get pretty crowded and have had to wait a bit even when we've had reservations. Also, it's mainly small plates so doesn't quite feel like a meal- more like snacking.Overall, this place is great for multiple reasons. I've been here for birthday's, girls night, casual catch-ups, and bachelorette brunches. I think it fits the bill for various occasions.
We came here for lunch and shared a bunch of plates and everyone absolutely loved everything. We had:Ceviche with shrimp and fish - this was delicious! Very refreshingRoast chicken - flavored perfectly, nice and juicy, meat falls of the bonesGrilled Hanger Steak - this was my least favorite, my piece was overcooked and hard to chew =/Truffle Mac n Cheese - Mmm... fancy mac n cheese, this was one of our favorites!Yuca fries - I thought this was okay but everyone else seemed to enjoy it.Sweet Potato Fries - fried to perfection, nice and crispyTuca Tuca - we loved this one as well, who knew beans could taste so good! (I'm not a bean lover at all...)Service was excellent, I will be back soon!
Great chicken. Good sangia. The vegtable side was the best.
Oh Limon, how I love you so. Your grilled chicken is so flavorful and juicy. I love how you come with two awesome sides as well. The ambience is awesome, the food is fairly priced, And everything I tried has been consistently delicious. One of my favorite spots in San Francisco.
Very solid meal. I went with 3 other people and we were able to eat rally well and share a pitcher of sangria for around $80 total, which seemed like a good deal. Of course the rotisserie chicken would be what to go for. It was perfectly cooked: crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Also, the yucca fries were delicious and the 'ensalada rusa' is good-- it's kind of like potato salad with other root vegetables and some kind of mayonnaise sauce which ends up pink because of the beets. My friend told me that the cold corn drink is also amazing, but they were sold out of it. It was Saturday night, so it was pretty hectic in there. A few different servers brought out our food and they missed one dish, but all in all, everyone was very friendly and the service was good. I'd definitely go back.
The food was good and not too expensive, however we will not be going back. After the meal you are hurried out as it is so popular which is understandable but not very nice and then they took an extra $40 dollar tip which we had not authorized, luckily we noticed on our bank statement so we had to go back one night the following week to ask for a refund, which they quickly did and were apologetic so that at least was good but based on our total bill and the tip we had left it was hard to see how this amount was mistaken.
Ended up at Limon for TC's bday dinner. We had a reservation for 8pm on a Saturday for 8 people. We ended up waiting over 20min for a table, and then an additional 10min for them to find chairs for us. The wait time really wouldn't have been a big deal if they had been more organized and if they didn't have ridiculously RUDE waiters. One in particular kept on shoving/elbowing me and my friend as he walked by. He said sorry once or twice, but then repeatedly shoved us HARD. Come on, we're a bunch of little Asian girls, I'm pretty sure you could walk around us fairly easily. And if you can't, then you could just ask nicely for us to move instead of being so rude.Anyway, on to the food. We ordered a mish mash of dishes. Obviously the chicken (nice flavor, a little too salty for me. Kind of dry... not as succulent as everyone says it is), as well as ceviche mixto (meh), lomito saltado (some pieces of beef were a little tough), chicharrones de pollo (good, but its fried chicken, how can it not be good?), and some other stuff. The sweet potato fries were a crowd favorite-- it was the only dish to be devoured within a minute or two of being set on the table. Since we were celebrating a bday, we presented the bday girl with a molten chocolate cake. The cake itself was cold... it would have been more delicious is the chocolate that oozed out was warm. Overall: food was 3.5 stars, but service was terrible, so 2.5 stars.
Hands down my new favorite restaurant in SF, or perhaps anywhere actually. Every bite was orgasmic. Passion fruit pisco sour, lychee pisco, mushroom tapa and tuna tartar oh my oh my and the chocolate cake and mango something dessert... Heaven.
I have a high standard for Peruvian food, because I'm Peruvian and all. No, just kidding. Because of PIO PIO in NYC (which is the bomb!). But this place is pretty good. The chicken was super moist and had lots of flavoring. Some parts were a little too peppery but overall very good. Lomito Saltado (stir fried top sirloin strips): meat was well cooked and saucy. But they put it on top of the fries which makes them soggy, so you have to order the sweet potato fries on the side.Sweet potato fries: can you ever go wrong?One bad thing: we were trying to be healthy by getting the Vegetales Salteados side... but it was far from healthy. Drenched in oil and other artery-clogging goodness. We actually couldn't finish this plate.
I had visited Peru last November and was totally craving peruvian food ever since I came back to the US. A ton of my friends recommended Limon and so I went!We ordered:Ceviche Mixto - pretty good! The portion is very small for what you pay for. Well, I guess I'm comparing it to Peruvian standards. In Peru, you can get a heaping plate of Ceviche Mixto for $5. In Limon, you get 10 bites of deliciously marinated seafood for $9.75. Ah, tis a sad sad life we live in SF.Anticuchos de Res (yes yes, that's a grilled beef heart. What can I say, I like to eat their hearts out....be it cows, chickens, men...) - This was grilled nicely, the heart was tender and had that nice charred look, but very salty. Truffle Mac and Cheese - Funny how the most un-Peruvian dish on the menu was the most delicious. Highly recommend!Carne a la Parilla - The hanger steak was good, seasoned and grilled perfectly. However, the tacu tacu was not. Tacu tacu is supposed to be cooked with the outside rice being crispy and the inside being soft - like an M&M. This tacu tacu was just mushy all around and was the biggest disappointment in the whole meal. Maracuya sour was very good and tasted just like ones I would get from Peru, although a bit too frothy with the egg white. There was too much head in my Maracuya sour! That's what she said. Seeing how I probably won't be going back to Peru any time soon, I'll still come back to Limon for their ceviches and sours.
my friend took care of the trouble of ordering everything for us so i dont remember exactly what we had. but the chicken was SO GOOD, as well as the sangria. BEST iv ever had! i'll def come back if i go back to sf again!
Hands down, one of the best values in SF - dollar for dollar, it competes with anything out there. The chicken is probably the best chicken I've ever had - incredibly moist and flavorful!! The sides are all really good too - my favorites are the tuca tuca and the lomo saltado. The service is super fast, and again, you can have an amazing meal with cocktails and leave at about $30/person.
Excellent food, ceviche are delicious.
The rave reviews all speak for themselves. The food at Limon is outrageously good! We took my hubby for his birthday dinner along with ten others and it ended up being a fun filled evening A must try is their Pollo a la brasa. It's oh so tender and super tasty. Make sure to order two half orders so you can try more of the sides (each order- half or full comes with two sides). You also must not leave without trying their truffle Mac n cheese! It's insanely creamy and goooood!I take off one star for Limon because we got there a little late and the waiter wasn't very forgiving. He kind of rushed us through the whole ordering process and didn't explain specials or any of the dishes well.
#37 on 100 Things to Eat Before You Die in SF: Rotisserie ChickenOkay, so what I like about this place was the fact that 8 people got to eat for about 30 bucks apiece, including drinks. That's SWEET.On the other hand, the rotisserie chicken was SUPER salty. Like, so salty, it made me reminisce on that one Thanksgiving bird that year when I learned brining was the way to the juiciest, bestest bird.  And then found out after it was cooked and looking gorgeous that you're supposed to wash the brine off. Yeah. That salty.The rest of the dishes were pretty okay, I guess. Let's just put it this way...although I enjoyed most of what I ate, I'm certainly not in a hurry to return. But would do so if someone else suggested it and I was totally hungry.
Got there with 10 minutes before their kitchen closed and yet somehow they were able to get us (party of 4) seated and food ordered in time.The chicken was great and so was, pretty much everything else we ordered. Had the veggie empanadas, Yuca fries, Papas fritas, whole chicken and Truffle Mac & Cheese to share amongst 4 people; it was more than enough and not at all expensive.I'd definitely go here again.
Limon Rotisserie defies typical Latin American foodie logic: avoid yuppified joints for dingy mami & papi hole-in-the-walls. I've had Peruvian at some unsavory places in the Mission, but Limon is tops. For some odd reason hole-in-the-wall Peruvian food in this town is not dirt cheap, so it doesn't even feel like you're overpaying here.Lomito Saltado: The best lomo saltado I've had in San Francisco! A very generous portion of the soy based sauce so the fries absorb a lot. The meat is a lot more tender and tastier than what you get elsewhere... probably explains the price-to-portion ratio. The tomatoes were super fresh and bright red, nothing translucent about them. The red onion was cooked to be soft, but still a tad firm and retaining maximum flavor.Pollo a la Brasa: As the cornerstone, this better be good! The chicken is moist and tender, which isn't as common as you think with rotisserie chicken. The skin is the big selling point, so many spices and flavors I won't even attempt to name them. Even better than that Roli Roti cart!Tacu-Tacu: This was disappointing. It seemed deep fried like a tempura croquette rather than lightly pan fried without batter. The insides were orange instead of the distinctive yellow that comes from aji amarillo and canary beans. It's hard for me to analyze the bean mush, but I wouldn't be surprised if it was pinto. Probably the biggest inauthenticity fail on the menu.Yuca Frita: Decent by itself with a such soft center and lightly fried exterior. Amazing with the creamy green and orange sauces! Sad that most of this country is stuck on the less interesting potato fries with ketchup.Salsa Criolla: Served as a side with the chicken. Normally not worth mentioning salsa separately, but this was awesome. Thinly sliced red onions that remained tangy with a hint of chili. The best part was that they had the pickled texture without being vinegary. Great distinctive lime tones, almost like an onion ceviche.
My 100th review goes to my birthday dinner at Limon! I made a reservation for 6 @ 8:30 on a Friday night and I'm glad I did cause it was packed! The place looks small from the outside, but don't worry they have more seating downstairs. My girlfriends and I were in our party dresses and got seated downstairs at a high table! This must've been the peoples idea of a joke. No girl in a party dress and 5 inch heels wants to hop up on a bar stool and have dinner. Although I should've asked to change tables there were no empty tables in sight so we worked with what we got. We ordered the sangria, it was good, not amazing. Had little fruit pieces which is always nice. Ordered the tuna tar tar, half chicken, mac & cheese, chicharon, lomito soltado, jallela and some other stuff, but the tuna tartar and chicken were the best dishes in my opinion. The tuna tartar was tasty and the combination of the soft texture of the tuna and the crunchiness of the chip together was AWESOME. The chicken was nice and moist. It came with 3 different dipping sauces and we pretty much killed it. Service was good. Place was loud. Good for groups. Make sure to come early to look for parking and I suggest making a reservation!
I've been here three times and every time the food was amazing! Especially the chicken! Definitely make reservations if you're going with a group after 7pm
Everything we ate at this restaurant was well executed and reasonably priced. The sangria and the ceviche are the best I've ever had. Recommend the small plates as a great way of eating tapas style with your party. Call ahead to make reservations as the restaurant does get busy.
This resturant was actually recommened to me by another restaurant owner.  We show up, seated us right away. As I am not experienced with Peruvian food, I asked the waiter for recommendations regarding food and drinks. We ordered pretty much everything he suggested. Getting a taste of everything the menu has to offer. We started with half chicked, as there were three of us. Along with the sweet potato fries, truffle mac and cheese, short ribs, empanadas side of veggies. All of it delish! Try mixing with the sauces provided. Try out the Peruvian cocktails!
Wow - biggest disappointment in San Francisco! this place is like a fast food restaurant. i arrive at the restaurant with my mother after making a reservation. we kindly request a seat near the back wall and were quickly denied and were placed in front of a pole where i literally could not move my chair. what's annoying is the seat i requested was never occupied during our entire meal. i don't really care but really who were they saving that seat for?the smell of this place is a major turn off...it's not the food but if you are someone who works in the restaurant business you will notice the smell when you walk in and know exactly what im talking about. i won't say what i do for a living but i almost walked right out but thought i was being a little OCD.anyway, we placed our order based off the recommendations from our waiter and then he proceeds to tells us he doesn't think the amount of food we order was enough. um okay...well we let you know once we order. literally about three minutes later our food is out on the table. this place seriously operates as a fast food restaurant. the rice and beans were literally microwaved. within 2 minutes they were cold along with everything else. nothing had any flavor. this place is an unfortunate but prime reason why you can't always trust yelp. some great restaurants get horrible reviews, while some horrible restaurants get fabulous reviews.needless to say, we will never be back.
i enjoyed everything i tried here, from the rotisserie chicken to the lomito saltado to the seasoned veggies to the beef tongue! love their different dipping sauces, and service was very fast. i was surprised at how quickly everything came out! they also have a whole room downstairs in the basement to accommodate larger parties, you wouldn't expect it when you first walk in. it's great coming in larger groups so you can try more dishes.
4.5 Stars! Having lived in NYC where there are a ton of Peruvian places, I've been looking for a good go-to in the South Bay / SF. I think I have definitely found it at Limon!! LOVED everything about this place. The environment is chic, trendy and comfortable. What I also appreciated is that restaurants like this often are small and very limited table seating...but there is actually quite a bit of space here!! The restaurant has space on 2 floors....there is a ton of space downstairs (in what I had originally just presumed to be a basement). Also, the service was great! We sat at the bar, and the bartender/server was super polite, attentive, answered our questions about the menu, and checked back with us constantly (in the right amount) to see how we were doing.The food was DELICIOUS, and the drink menu was extensive. A lot of the cocktails sounded yummy.  We ended up trying the Lomito Saltado (the FAVORITE of the night), Carne a la Parilla, Chicharon de Pollo, and Yucca Fries. The yucca fries came with 3 different types of dipping sauces -- all very yummy, and were great to dip the meats in too. We didn't love the chicken as much. It was good, but nothing overly special or mind blowing. Even though these were considered "small plates," it was actually a lot of food, and we didn't end up having a pricey bill.  This will definitely be a go-to for the city in the future, and next time I want to try their drinks and other foods!!
Our favorite local mission eatery! It's a no frills kind of place with consistently good food. You can go in any day of the week and expect a crowd. But you know the saying - no line, no dine! :)Tasty sangria and fun shared tapas. We did do take out a few times and it's definitely not as good as when you eat at the restaurant.
pretty nice atmosphere. there is a downstairs dining room with larger tables. kid friendly. good service. good value.we got a whole chicken and 4-5 side dishes, which was about right for 5 people and 2 kids. chicken was good but not great. too soft for me. chicken chicharron (fried chicken) taste was good, but was borderline gummy. steak was tender. mac and cheese was pretty natural tasting. salad was not memorable.overall, not a bad meal at a decent price, but i expect more out of chicken that is made at a place specializing in chicken.
I was pleased to see this place was open for lunch since I work during the evenings at a restaurant myself. My friend had the traditional Lomito Saltado. I had the grilled tiger shrimp w/the potatoes. The shrimp was kinda salty but the green sauce was yummy and helped balance it out. We also got a side ensalada. It was a good light lunch. I think if I was here for dinner I'd do another small plate or two. I'll be back for more :)
I imagine Peruvian food served in large portions in a warm and inviting atmosphere. While the food here is good, it offers neither of those two qualities. The place is so cramped that I felt like we were eating with the people next to us, and the table wasn't big enough to accommodate much - an important consideration when ordering small plates. Speaking of small plates, the portions are tiny. Flavorful and interesting, yes, but too small to satisfy. We ordered quite a few but still left hungry.
Tapas! food was GREAT. My party ordered a TON of food. I personally got most of all of the vegetarian options, which included the beet salad (AMAZING), veggie empanada and also the truffle mac and cheese.The truffle mac n cheese is VERY heavy - so just keep that in mind - b/c even though it's sort of a small portion - it's much better to share that dish. GREAT food.
*drool*This is some goooood chicken,Definitely finger lickin'!So juicy and yummyHappy in my tummy!Sweet potato fries,Tasty chicken thighs.I don't even like breast,But this was the best!Chiccarones, I'll have to pass;They were far too tough, alas.The chicken soup was good,As chicken soup should.The wait was long,But how could you go wrong?Chicken this good,Try it, you should.
Worth it's weight in gold, Limon delivers service and food that's well worth leaving your comfort zone. There's a reason the chicken is on the 7x7 list but Limon rotisserie is not just about the food. My family and I hopped cabs to the Mission District for what we though would be a nice night out with good food. The 6 of us were blown away! The menu is simple with chicken served whole, half or in quarters and about a dozen nosh sized plates. Before we dove into the food, pitchers of sangria flowed into our glasses. Cold and refreshing we tried to absorb the Peruvian tapas. Too much to take in, Ricky, our waiter, offered his help and hand picked our menu with a 1/2 chicken. Perfect! I love this service but will I love the food?A mixed seafood ceviche, tuna tartar, Lomito which is a delicious beef stir-fry, garlic Tiger shrimp, grilled hanger steak and veggies rolled out to the table in waves and at the end, there was a 1/2 of chicken to finish. No plate when back empty and the pitchers of sangria, well that goes without saying. While the food is 5 stars, the very reasonable prices and the service we receive with our "personal" tour of the menu puts Limon Rotisserie at the top of the top. Thank you very much.
Tasty!I came here with a friend, and we were able to split:Rotisserie chicken (half), and 2 sides: tacu tacu & sweet potato fries.The amount of food was on the light side, but we were satisfied, and then we had enough room to go for ice cream at Humphry Slocombe (my "must go" place everytime I am in the Mission). The chicken was nicely textured and flavored. I'm getting my own half chicken next time though.They have two types of bottled Peruvian sodas: Inca Kola & Inca Blu.-- Inca Blu is the proprietary name for the restaurant's version of "chica morada", a carbonated Peruvian drink made from blue corn. I enjoyed how this wasn't overly sweet, and it was just pleasant.-- Inca Kola is the most popular soft drink in Peru. (It outsells Coca-Cola in the country.) However, I personally think it tastes horrible. There is a disturbingly too-sweet taste of bubble-gum.
Went here for dinner for New Years Eve. SUPER good. The place is a decent size...theres also a lower level, which I didnt get to see. Cozy but chic is a good way to describe Limon. It was super busy so service was not super prompt, but they made sure to apologize and we were understanding considering if was New Years Eve and all. Between the four of us, we shared:1. Red Wine Sangria - yummy! lots of fruits.2. Chicken Rotisserie - SOO JUICY. must get this!!!3. Yuca Fries - thick cut, and it comes in a smal plate of 4. Really good though.4. Asparagus (Vegetales salteados) - YUUMmers. its the seasoning, i think.5. Mac N Cheese - pretty good.6. Ceviche Mixto - not a fan of raw stuff - tried it and well, still not a fan of raw stuff. the plate itself is very very citrus-y. definitely a palate cleanser. 7. Veggie Empanada - yummy, the sauce that came with it was pretty tasty.8. Dessert - i forget what it was called but we had the pudding ish- flan type of dessert. drools - total melt in your mouth!Thumbs up!
Awesome, juicy rotisserie chicken with an herb rub, plus a little dipping sauce to add even more flavor! Both our sides were equally delicious - rice and vegetable. Sounds simple, but they both got just as much attention and favor from me as the chicken did. Took the food to-go, and Limon will be a staple of our week-day dinners going forward.
Limon is LEGIT.Want an easy, affordable meal and your protein fix for the day, possibly week? Look no further. The chicken rules, and always comes with two complimentary sides. I usually get the vegetables and either the sweet potato fries or the tacu tacu. What is tacu tacu you ask? Not entirely sure, but it's delicious and I'm not allergic to it (yet), so I'm a fan.Ceviches are a great starter. My favorite is the mixto just cuz it has fish, calamari and shrimp, but they're all good. Oh yeah, the drinks. There's something for everyone. Sangria, wine, cocktails, peruvian beer - Take your pick. I guarantee you'll be full/drunk by the end of the dinner, and what does that equal? Happiness.Sit on the top floor when you can, I sat on the bottom floor once and it was kind of depressing. Maybe it's a non-issue in the evenings, since it's already dark outside, but I wasn't a fan when I came for lunch. I'm like a plant. I need light.
Don't usually leave bad reviews, but the downstairs dining area is unbearably loud and hot. Can't speak to the food, as we left due to the uncomfortable environment.
If all Peruvian food tastes as good as it does at Limon, I am a fan! The homie and I came here on a Thursday night around 8-ish and the place was packed! We had...Half a chicken - mmmm soooo bomb! Best chicken EVER.Ceviche mixto - yum! but make sure you're OK with eating raw seafood.Lomito Saltado - my friend said it was his fave... I'm not a huge beef fan but I'll admit it was pretty good, even the soggy fries at the bottom were yummy.Sides: ensalada (pass, order something better!) and sweet potato fries (pretty good)....Oh, and the sauces that the food comes with makes everything taste even better!
So happy we decided to dine here! Between the mouth watering pollo a la brasa and their ceviches, I had one of the best meals of my life! We came with a group of 15 and found the entire night to run way smoother than I expected for a large group! I highly recommend making a reservation ahead o time. I had reservations at 8:30 pm and was able to be seated within 20 mind of our reservation time (our party was running a bit late!)We had their prix fixe menu, and I couldn't have been more thankful! I was able to try a few dishes I had not tried previously... And have found another new favorite! The lomito saltado!Parking can get be hard in the area but we parked in a lot on 21st and Valencia and just walked down... Just a tip to all!The service: service was amazing. Our server was very funny, helpful and recommended the BEST drinks! Try their punch cocktail! Water was poured and refilled before I needed to ask, and our dessert came right on time! I will be back again, limon! This weekend, to be exact!
When I think about my meal at Limon Rotisserie a smile and belly pat immediately follows...it was THAT GOOD. The $30 prix fixe menu is an amazing deal and great for groups! It consisted of the following:- Tuna Tartare: a very tasty starter- Ceviche Mixto: amazing ceviche! a MUST ORDER - Mix Green Salad: maybe the only mediocre plate on the table - Ensalada Rusa: a beet lover's dream come true- "Lomito" Saltado: my first taste of this traditional Peruvian favorite and certainly not my last!- Chicharron de Pollo: crispy chicken with awesome dipping salsa!- Empanadas (beef, veggie and chicken): all very tasty- And finally the Pollo a la Brasa: free range chicken slowly roasted over open flames served with three tasty dipping sauces. ALL THIS AMAZING FOOD FOR ONLY $30?? By the time the chicken came out we were stuffed...but it was SO good we made room for more! I'm definitely, definitely, definitely coming back. *SMILE, BELLY PAT*
January is now my official month to catch up with old friends that I haven't seen for a loong time.Having caught a Yelp-bug recently, I questioned myself frequently, "hmmm, who would I give my first 5-star review". I'm relieved and happy to give my first 5-star review to Limn Rotisserie (and to Limn in general).Had not seen my South American friend for at least a year or so, we finally managed to set a time to get together. The restaurant choice was easy - the old and dependable Limn, right up her alley (though she's not Peruvian).Limn brings back old memories. Back when they were just a hole in the wall mom-and-sons operations. This was all pre-Yelp time, when ceviche was not a common thing to find in restaurant's menu. Their ceviche was (and still is) one of the best in SF.Eduardo, the third son was constantly present in their first restaurant location in 2002. This family-run restaurant managed to keep their service and food quality at a high level to this day. I still remember complementing Eduardo on their family business' success when they opened their big Valencia location (the one that had a fire).Fast forward ten years, and they now have 3 locations in SF (Valencia, Van Ness, and Bayview-Hunters Point). Their Bayview-Hunters Point location is mostly doing the catering business. Their new location in Fresno is now a Mom & Daughter operation. Their youngest son, Fernando, now oversees the Van Ness location. We had a small chat with him to reminisce on their humble beginning and their success. Bravo!DRINKSToo early for cocktails on lunch. But, what the hey.Was going to order standard Pisco Sour, but our waitress recommended the Maracuya Sour which was her favorite. The Maracuya sour Pisco Porton, passion fruit (maracuya), lime juice, combier, simple syrup, dash of egg white, and a drop of peychaud bitters. Loved it. Great recommendation.A different waiter, Eric, recommended another cocktail which is not in the menu. I call it "Eric Special" (since I cannot remember the name!). It was a whitish drink (the white was from coconut, I believe). Didn't try it, but it proved to be a bit too adventurous for my friend's friend. F O O DWe ordered a fair amount of food for our party of 4.- Yuca (aka cassava) fries. The yuca fries was cut in large long slices and fried to perfection with the right amount of spices and salt. Perfect sides to munch on while waiting for your friends or your other hot plates.- Sweet potato fries. This goes really well with the Yuca fries. Sweet + Salty combo. $3.95- Half Rotisserie chicken. Limn's rotisserie chicken is up there with the rotisserie from Zuni, and Delfina; with Delfina's one possibly being slightly better. That's a pretty good list of resto to be compared with.- Empanadas Carne. Hand-cut top sirloin, sweated in onions, & finished with hard-boiled eggs and raisins. Another winner.- Lengua (beef tongue) [not in the menu]. Out-of-this-world lengua! This is probably one of the best, if not the best lengua. The marinade was awesome and the lengua was very moist and tender, with just the right amount of chewy texture. - Anticuchos de Res: Grilled Beef heart anticuchos, served with choclo (Peruvian Giant Corn) & yucca.We had Profiteroles and Panna Cotta de Mango arrived to our table to our surprise. Wink, wink. Thank you, Fernando! Would've given your place a 5-star even without them!S E R V I C EOne word, "WOW!". After all these years, Limn's service is still casual, welcoming, friendly, and top-notch. Of course, having my South American friend yapping in Spanish with both of our waiters like they've known each others for years help getting us even better service! Great job with quality control, consistency and service, Limn!!Hope to see my old friends more than once a year and not just in January.
Don't know what some fools are complaining about the pollo a la brasa being so salty. It is one of the best pollo a la brasa around the SF bay area.FYI, you don't eat pollo a la brasa with rice. You eat it with fries (or yucca) and a salad. This is your traditional format. But who am I to tell you how to eat.
While vacationing in the fair city of SF, the girlfriend and I needed to find place in The Mission to meet up with friends for dinner. With the quantity and quality of reviews for this place I figured this was probably a safe bet, and I was not disappointed.I was able to make a reservation for 6 people on a Sunday at 7:00pm using the reservation system on my Yelp app which came in handy as the place was packed.The Pisco Sour cocktail was almost as good as the one I had in Lima.Obviously had the Pollo a la Brasa. Ordered the whole chicken which was plenty to feed the entire table. Succulent, juicy, and with great sauces that complimented the bird.Tartara de Tuna - Great balance with the peppers and rocoto. Just the right amount of sesame oil."Carne a la Parrilla" - The only dish that was just OK. I like my steak cooked medium rare so was a bit too well done for me. Veggie Empanadas - Melt in your mouth goodness with a flaky dough. Everyone loved this dish!Yuca and Sweet potato fries - Preferred the Yuca fries but both were delicious.Portions were generous, outstanding value, and quick friendly service make this place a home run in my book. Can't wait to go back.
Get the half chickens so you can try the sides. Recommend the sweet potato fries and the vegetables. The empanadas are great.Seriously get the chicken. So good!
I paid another, recent visit to Limon Rotisserie, and, sad-to-say, it was a bit of a disappointment -- a big let-down after my previous experiences.It seems that, in trying to cash in on their new-found popularity, the restaurant is taking a few short cuts. In particular, after I made an online reservation for a busy evening, I discovered we were being seated in a grubby downstairs room, not in the bright, fun upstairs restaurant. This afterthought room feels like a place that's used for private parties & the like - dark and low-ceiling'd and a bit dingy. Fortunately, the food and the excellent sangria are still up to par - that cheered me, eventually. However, my experience was definitely dampened by the grim ambiance in this new overflow room.
Found ourselves in the Mission on a Friday night getting a few happy hour drinks down the street at Laszlo. The hunger pangs started to hit, so after a minute or two on yelp we decided to hit Limon. Reservations were quickly made on the app and within the hour we were on our way. Walking in the door, we were greeted by a bustling atmosphere and a friendly hostess. We were sat and ordered wine. Half a rotisserie chicken with veggies and yukon fries as well a beef filled empanada landed on the table within 10 minutes. Amazing. The accompanying sauces can not be emphasized enough. We were tempted to order a second round of sauces simply to spoon directly into our mouths.This establishment is a gem and if you try it once, you will undoubtedly look to come back here again and again. I know I will.
The food is good and the ambience upstairs is lively. Downstairs, however, is a completely different story. Try to avoid it if at all possible. I had really bad experiences both times I've been seated downstairs. The wait staff aren't equipped to deal with large obnoxious parties and management was absent. Our table had to cut dinner short, get takeaway boxes, and paid the bill in a hurry. The tables around us also requested to move away from the large screaming group, to no avail.  Very disappointing that this happened twice in the same week. I would recommend either securing a seat upstairs or going to another location.
I chose Limon Rotisserie for my going away dinner with my coworkers. The menu looked reasonable and pictures yummy. I left very satisfied with my meal!I love the concept.. ordering chicken and a whole bunch of different sides. I did like the chicken; it was juicy! Loved the sweet potato fries, ceviche, vegetales saltado, and SANGRIA! I drank about 3 glasses of that shizz and was pretty faded by the time we left. But hey, it was my party. This was a great mix to me, great food at good prices, and not too fancy of a joint. Attentive service, although my friends commented that the waiter counted wrong and took one of our chairs, swearing that we had 13 people when indeed at the time there were only 12 and one more was coming. The venue is pretty small, but awesome for small groups. I would definitely return!!
Love the Pisco sour and Chicken!
The red sangria is HELLA GOOD! It had the perfect amount of sweetness and the flavors were very light. I didn't like the other cocktails (Pisco Sour and the Pa Bravo Yo) because they were way too sweet and syrupy. Next time, I will be ordering a pitcher of their yummy sangria.The service was cool. They served our food really fast and they made sure we had everything we needed. They gave us three dipping sauces but they didn't tell us what they were so Loverboy and I played Russian Roulette dipping our chicken in the sauces. The roasted chicken was very juicy and delicious. It had the perfect amount of seasoning and the half chicken was big enough for me and Loverboy to share. For the two sides that came with our chicken, we ordered a side salad and Tacu-Tacu. The salad was nothing fancy so I suggest you skip that. I really wish I ordered the Yucca fries instead. The Tacu-tacu is basically flavored rice and it reminds me of the red Mexican rice that I love to buy at taquerias. The only difference between the Tacu-tacu and your regular Mexican rice is that the Tacu-tacu is a bit soggier and it has a gritty texture to it. The Tacu-tacu went really well with the roasted chicken and I wish the size was a bit bigger.We also enjoyed the mac and cheese which was very savory and delightful. I just wish the cheese sauce was a bit thicker. The macaroni was cooked al dente and the size of the dish was perfect for a couple to share.The lomito saltado was very beefy and flavorful but I found that the meat was kind of tough and chewy. I don't mind that at all because the flavor makes up for the chewiness. I wasn't a fan of the fries that came with the lomito because they were a bit soggy. The onions were slightly sweet and I think it paired well with the salty meat chunks.We will definitely come back and try their other items. This restaurant has definitely made us fans of Peruvian cuisine.
Authentic and super good Peruvian food! If you've never had this type of good do yourself a favor and go to this restaurant!!
Even though we had 8pm reservations they still seated us down in the basement, which judging from all the geriatrics and toddlers is where they put the "undesirables". Bad lighting, bad atmosphere, worse service. When we decided to split a quarter chicken - because we were getting small plates as well, and we don't want to over eat - the waiter tried to talk us into a half chicken. After persisting several times, he rolled his eyes and wrote down our order. Thanks for judging, waiter dude, but it's none of your damn business if we don't want to get fat off too much of your food.I thought the chicken was dry and gross, but my husband loved it, so maybe I was letting the rest of the experience cloud my judgement.
always great food! one of my favorites in SF.
ORDER THE CHICKEN!Best rotisserie chicken I've had (and I've been in search of a Peruvian chicken place that would compare to my Super Pollo out in VA...)! Wow the chicken was to die for. So juicey and flavorful. I don't normally eat the chicken skin, but I had to with this one because it was so good.We had the empanadas de carne which were quite tasty and then split a whole chicken. We got the arroz and tacu tacu as sides and the rice was just fine but DON'T ORDER THE TACU TACU. It was terrible unless you like dry salty rice/bean mush balls. I was tempted to take a star off for this because it was so bad but we just set that dish to the side and enjoyed the rest of the delicious dinner.The restaurant is small and I'm not sure if they take call-aheads but we went on a Monday night so we had no wait. Fast friendly service. It's a cute modern restaurant with great food. Hands down the best rotisserie chicken I've had in I don't know how long.
Omg. You need to try this place. This was the first time I've tried this kind of good before and I can't wait to come back! Every dish was super tasty! The chicken and the tacu tacu was my very favorite I could eat that everyday.
If you're a meat eater, look no further than the prix fixe (say it with me: PREE FIX) for $25. I'd estimate you get about 2 lbs. of food and the selection is stellar. They ply you with such an absurd amount of rotisserie chicken you walk out of the place clucking and squawking.For vegetarians, you can mix a few  la carte options and leave satisfied. I thoroughly enjoyed my choices:Ensalada Rusa ($7.95)Classic Peruvian salad of local root vegetables like beets, sweet potatoes, carrots and peas, choclo (a wide, flat type of corn) and creamy mustard dressing. I reached root veggie fatigue about halfway through, so this might be a good option to share. Veggie Empanadas ($7.25) Two empanadas stuffed with mushrooms, spinach, choclo and mascarpone cheese. There might have been peas inside too; it was quite green. And freakishly delicious. I would go back to Limon just to eat the empanadas.Yuca Fries ($3)Pretty standard yuca fries. As if I hadn't eaten enough carbs already.The sangria pitchers are pricey at $25 apiece but delicious and a must-order. They take reservations, and there is ample room for large groups of rabblerousers in the basement room. Definitely a recommended spot for a celebration among friends - you'll want to try everything and the prix fixe menu will keep you from having to make a decision.
Limon vs Fresca, its a tough argument. Fresca is fancy, Limon is just plain amazing. The chicken is to die for. Highly recommend it. I had never had Peruvian food and this place was a great introduction. In addition, its a really great deal. Only drawback, be prepared to wait to find parking.
Veggie empanadas were amazing!!!! Sangria was also delicious :) would definitely come back. the beef cheeks were also delicious! Service was great, was thanked for our business by almost all employees on the way out!!
Chicken = delish.Ceviche = fresh.Pisco Sours = strong.Prices = affordable.Everything here is served family style, which makes it very budget friendly. You could easily have dinner for two for under $30 (if you don't drink). Or you can splurge and order a bunch of food. Either way, I'm pretty sure you'll be happy at the end of the meal.
For whatever reason I prefer this location to the one in the Northwest part of the mission. Anyway, the first time I came here I was accompanied by 8 other women. I'm pretty sure we ordered at least of one of everything on the menu. Everything was great. I actually rarely eat meat, and don't really like chicken, but due to peer pressure I caved and tried some. It was really spectacular, as was the ceviche. The wait staff is always super friendly and accommodating.
Great drinks and amazing food! Truffle mac & cheese is awesome, Carne a la Parrilla (grilled hanger steak) is perfect and all of the ceviche is great! One of my favorite restaurants in SF!
One star for the Yuca Frita, one star for being able to sit at the bar and eat instead of waiting for a table.Everything was very heavy on salt - Ceviche Mixto, Grilled Beef Heart, Jalea, Chicharrone de Pollo. We are huge fans of Peruvian Grilled Beef Heart but it was not all that great, flavor was off, too irony but bland; they are way better at La Furia Chalaca at Jack London Square! Sangria was too sweet!!!The huge disappointment - no rotisserie in this restaurant which named itself a rotisserie! They should be able to offer this dish at ALL time if you called it a rotisserie. I didn't think about calling ahead of time to find out if they would serve chicken rotisserie. Our whole intention to go there for dinner tonight was because I wanted something rustic like chicken rotisserie. I could've gone somewhere else instead like Zuni, Chez Panisse, Camino or BayWolf...Price is not bad... but I won't come back here for anything I tried tonight... I prefer the drinks, ambient, dcor a lot better at La Mar. I prefer the service, food quality, food quantity, value way better at Mi Lindo Peru and La Furia Chalaca. I really wanted to like it, hoping it would be relatively as good as to the old Limon on Valencia Street. I might return to get a rotisserie to-go one of these days to give that a try just to be fair, though.
I had the Leche Tigre Cocktail and Carne A La Parilla, both were delicious. Excellent cocktails as well.
So.... I was really confused for awhile when my friends kept suggesting we try Limon for one of our "International Dinner & Book club" soirees. And then I decided to get to the bottom of it:True: the Limon on Valencia closed. True: it (I believe the same 'Limon') re-opened on S. Van Ness (here). Excellent, b/c I was really sad it had closed (see earlier review).As we awaited our 5th dinner guest this eve, we naturally decided to try the sangria. Not only were the bartenders friendly and down-to-earth, but I have to admit, this was *THE* best sangria I have had in a *long* time. Honestly, since living in Spain. Yes, I will say that. Since Espana.Hands down, not gonna lie, I think I'm in love with their sangria. It started with that deep intense red that we know and love, was sprinkled with a fiesta of fruit lingering throughout, and it had a natural 'sweet' that was definitely not artificial. Seriously, I was enamored.Then there was the chicken. Yes, I really said chicken (not lamb or beef or anything daringly intriguing) - it was the chicken, for true. To be specific: "Rotisserie: Pollo a la Brasa a Peruvian favorite. Chicken marinated the "traditional way" and slowly cooked in our rotisserie." It was soft, it was supple, it was splendid.Our other victuals included the Ceviche Mixto, Tartara de Tuna, the Vegetales Salteados, and the Tacu-Tacu - all of which were delicious.Following our feast, we ventured underneath to the wine bar: missionmission.wordpress. Most cozy. (Though I will say that while I was quite pleased the DJ was throwing down most - or all - of my favorite songs from Bob Marley's "Legend" - I was not so thrilled that he had it tripped up to this weird fast beat. Not cool, dude.) Random tangental aside ending now, stop.I heart Limon, and I am so glad it has returned in all its zest!
I took my bro here for his birthday, and he was definitely happy. There were 4 of us in total, so we chose a few different things to try. Of course we had to get a whole rotisserie chicken with the veggies (Vegetales salteados I think?) and rice, the chicharron de pollo, and the seco de costillas. My bf got really excited when he saw chicha morada on the menu, so he ordered that to drink and really enjoyed it. I got the housemade lemonade, and it was light and refreshing.My bro's favorite thing was the braised beef short ribs (seco de costillas), and my cousin and I both really liked the chicharron de pollo. The short ribs were super tender and moist. I've never really been a fan of short ribs because they usually turn out tough and dry, but this place did it right. It kind of reminded me of this one Filipino dish my mom makes. I don't remember what it's called, but it also has potatoes and carrots in it. I like fried things (who doesn't?) and the chicharron did not disappoint! My idea of chicharron is fried pork or chicken skin. Limon's chicharron was fried chicken skin, but it also had meat, which made it more satisfying than eating chicharron that are like chips. It came with some red onion salsa type thing which went perfectly with the crispy fried goodness of the chicharron.Overall it was really delicious. A bit pricey considering the amount of food we got (about $50 pre-tip for the whole meal), but it was yummy and my brother liked it, so it was all good with me.
5 stars because it never fails to disappoint. rotisserie chicken: always moist, great dipping saucesbeef heart: amazing!! so delicious and perfectly spicedsides-- vegetables: surprisingly delicious for sauteed vegetableschicharrones: good, like popcorn chicken but with pork. this place is super crackin so I would recommend always getting reservations if you're going during prime dinner time. the worst part about this place is that every time I go, I don't know what to get because I'm torn between trying a new item, or sticking with my usual dishes which are delicious and amazing.
Likes: Chicharron de Pollo was SOOOO good!, peruvian rotisserie chicken, yuca frita, and Carne a la Parrilla.Dislikes: kinda noisy cause we were right by the bar
We went here with a small group of friends on a rainy afternoon. Street parking was surprisingly easy for Sunday. The food was awesome! Everything tasted great especially the ceviche, we ordered a couple different ones and all was fresh and great. The rotisserie chicken (which usually I don't care for) was very moist and well flavored! Both are definitely a must!Other dishes that were good were the grilled beed hearts, hanger steak, empanada and the lomo saltado.And any place with good sweet potato fries automatically gets a star from me! yum.
Excellent food at a low price. I like the Rotisserie Chicken and Yucca along with grilled vegetables best.
Food was delicious! We ordered the fixed price menu so we could try a little bit of everything. I loved the ceviche and the tuna those were two of my faves for the cold dishes. The hot chicken dishes and steak dish were very yummy. Food just kept coming and coming. We had a group of 9 people and everyone was pleased. Seating is a little crowded on the first floor but hey not a super big deal. Also, the bar is very slow.......and the female bartender that works Sat. evenings gets flustered. All in all our group would definitely return!
DUDE! If you haven't tried their chicken then you are missing out on life...
Winner winner chicken dinner! Love love Limon Rotisserie. This was one of the first restaurants my husband and I dined at when we first moved to SF. Since then, Limon has been on our regular rotation of restaurants. Super delicious and such a value. Definitely try the Aguadito de Pollo. Large, tender white meat chunks of their rotisserie chicken in a deeply flavorful broth. I want it now.
So often restaurants disappoint when they've been so hyped up but after so many friends raved about Limon Rotisserie, I finally managed to go (no reservations) and happened not to have to wait at all for a table on a Friday night (although geez the parking situation is not pretty). Food was great. We ordered the rotisserie chicken which was very tasty and perfectly cooked. We got the yucca fries and choclo as our two free sides. We also ordered the Lomito Saltado, which was very tasty as well though really salty and somewhat chewy. Apparently Peruvian food is often salty so maybe that's just the way it's supposed to be. We probably should have ordered rice to go with it.  I made do with a good caipirinha instead.  We ended up having enough left over for lunch the next day. Overall the experience was great, service was quick and courteous, we got good value, and we are definitely going back.
This used to be one of our favorite restaurants. Try to get seated upstairs. The last two times, we were seated downstairs and the service was AWFUL. Not only did we wait close to an hour for our food (when upstairs, we get our food within 10min of ordering), but other tables that came much later got their food before us. It was interesting to note that we ordered similar items as they did. We even asked them to bring items as they became ready, in case they were waiting on one or two items that took longer.Ultimately, we waited over an hour before our food arrived.This is the kind of experience that makes customers never come back.The manager did offer us a free dessert, though dinner took too long that we couldn't stay for it. We were given a discount to the bill instead, so we did appreciate the gesture, so I'm adding a star.
We walked in at 6:45 on a Saturday night and the place was packed. We put in our name and tried to squeeze in at the bar. Within 2 minutes the hostess sat us at an open table near the door. Within minutes there was a line out the door and people we anxiously awaiting a table, even with over an hour wait.We ordered the half-chicken, two appetizers and two side dishes. The food was amazing. The chicken fell right off the bone and the flavors were very distinct and different. The sirloin appetizer was so juicy and tender, and you can't pass up the truffle mac and cheese! Wine list was very reasonable, and our total bill including three glasses of wine came to $60.My only negative feedback is that the bar space is too small and everyone standing at the front door kept knocking into our table. In one instance my water glass almost took a spill. If you want your customers to enjoy a nice meal, you need to figure out a better system to corral the folks waiting.
This place is sooooo delicious and even my bf gives it 5-stars and he's not a very "this is a 5 star place kinda guy." We were searching for a restaurant to eat at from the 7x7 List of 100 things to eat before you die and came across Limon Rotisserie. We made reservations at 5:30 for a table at 6:00 pm. They were able to accommodate us and we found parking right in front! Score!We ordered the:1) "Lomito Saltado" which consisted of stir-fried sirloin strips, onions, tomatoes, soy sauce with french fries. The sauces was very flavorful and soaked the french fries and I normally don't like to eat saucy fries but these were good! The sirloin strips were a little bit salty (like what other Yelpers expressed) but it was still good. 2) Rotisserie chicken (7x7 item) with 2 sides (yuca fries and vegetables salteados) It was by far the best deal ever! It was $9.95 for half a chicken and two sides. First off, the chicken was soo tender and juicy and cutting into it was very easy. You can literally see the juices while cutting it. The skin was also marinated extremely well and added so much flavor to the chicken itself. The chicken also came with three dipping sauces. The Yuca fries came with four pieces of thick fried potato strips. The outside was crispy and fried to perfection while maintaing the mushy-ness of the inside. The vegetables were marinated in a delicious sauce and I almost ate all of it even though I am not a huge veggie eater.The service is impeccable. I have never been to a restaurant with such decent prices with fantastic service. The waiters were very honest about the portions, he wasn't pushing us to order more. The owner or manager also kept checking up on us. The bus boys were very polite and kept our glasses full and politely asked us if we were finished. My boyfriend dropped his fork and the waiter brought him another one on a napkin cloth on a silver platter! LOL! Overall we had such a wonderful experience and cannot wait to return. Our entire bill was only $23 not including tip! How ridiculous is that!!! 5 stars!
I have to say, this place makes some good chicken! I had heard about it for so long, and really and truly, it lived up to the hype. It is so tender, juicy and succulent, flavorful.. even better with their aji sauces! YUM. The shrimp and fish ceviche is also quite good - fresh and tart, awakening on the palate. I also tried the lomito saltado, but the beef was disappointingly tough and stringy, although juicy. The side of vegetables with the chicken was also disappointing, but the yuca fries were delicious.For dessert, we got the chocolate cake, but it was also disappointing. Not light, creamy, warm and molten enough. It was instead dense and dry, not very fresh. Another downside - our waitress. She was verging on just rude, impatient and condescending! Other servers were nicer, but what was up with her attitude? Totally unwarranted.Without its chicken this place would not be getting four stars, that's for sure. You know it must be some good chicken to pull this rating up..
I've always considered chicken to be a boring bird. Until I ate here. They have the best chicken in the world (second only to my boyfriend's cooking - hi honey.) Because it comes with sides it ends up being a feast. Don't miss the sweet potato fries. I suggest you make a reservation. They frequently have a line.
OH MY! This place amazes me. Went here for the first time this past weekend and now I can't stop thinking about that Ceviche!We ordered:-Chicken with Yuca fries and rice: the chicken was good, but SO much better with the sauces they provided. There was one sauce (the pale creamy one, lol) that tempted me to dip absolutely everything into, because it was just THAT good.-Ceviche Mixto: Let me just say that raw fish absolutely creeps me out and I've refused to eat slimey sashimi for all my life, but I decided to try a little piece of this because it was presented so prettily. The citrus sauce made everything so delicious, I ended up eating most of that raw fish and calamari...And at the end, I poured all that deliciousness onto my rice and ate all that too. Normally, I hate rice (I know, I fail at being Asian!), but I'd eat rice all day if it had that citrus juice stuff on it.-Seco de Costillas: It was some kind of boneless short rib? The flavor wasn't exactly what I was expecting, but the meat was amazingly juicy and well-cooked and so tender.And like everyone else who has been here, I loved the Sangria. Plus, I kinda liked the busy and relatively trendy atmosphere. Everyone looked so chic, so dress cute when you go here! ;) But then again, I am a college student so every place that doesn't require you to "bus your own table" seems fancy. ha..
We came here on Labor Day, did not have to wait in line and was seated by the corner window. Superb as you get to enjoy sunshine while you dine. The pollo a la brasa is amazing. Succulent, flavorful, and the whole chicken is ideal to share. Definitely recommend it as it tastes even better the next day at home! I can't recall the exact ceviche we had, but it wasn't the best I've tasted. My motto is that if it isn't memorable, I would not recommend it. Sangria is the same. Bottom line, eat the chicken & enjoy the artwork on the wall.
Loved loved loved my experience here from start to finish. Since they don't take reservations, I think we were pretty lucky that we only waited 20 minutes for a table of 4. As soon as we sat down, the service was fantastic! Our server was so friendly, helpful and efficient. We ordered so much food ---- where do I begin? Note: I am allergic to seafood so I went meat-only - my friends loved EVERY seafood plate ordered.I loved the crispy chicken, lomito saltado (steak) and the hanger steak --- all were all extremely tasty. The mixed greens to start was lovely; especially the dressing and thin shaved radishes. The vegetables salteados side dish was amazing, too --- and the portion was actually perfect for 4, believe it or not. Desserts were insane! We ordered the flourless chocolate cake (with bananas) and a cream pastry like cake --- both beyond perfection.Cannot wait to come back even though I'm not crazy about the location (via transportation a la MUNI, at least).
Tasty rotating chicken broken down and put on a plate faster than you can order another Inca Cola. The ceviche here, not so much my favorite...but seeing how it doesn't rotate, it's not surprising.
I've been wanting to keep this place secret, but that's like asking a guy at Badlands to stop using hair gel.So here goes my review:FoodDeliciously Peruvian-style roasted chicken with an assortment of tasty tapas. Try the Lomito and the Chicharron. Of course, don't forget the Yuca fries. AmbienceAround lunch time, the place is not too crowded and its rather easy to get a seat. Dinner time, however, is packed. Be prepared to get your name on the list and wait in line there are no reservations. Also make sure you're near the host, because they won't walk out the door to call your name.ServiceGenerally very good. The staff is friendly and there are a couple of hot Peruvian guys who will serve you. Underground LoungeThis is the best part. I've eaten here a few times and didn't even realize they had a secret underground lounge downstairs. Perhaps, they recently got their license to serve wine and it's just now open. It's the same food and menu as the main part of the restaurant. So far, it's much mellower and less crowded than upstairs. So on a crowded dinner night, I recommend asking to be seated in the lounge. The lounge is lit with cool pink lighting. Yes, the electronic music in the background is a tad annoying, but it's not too loud to overpower dinner conversation. Also be prepared for slower service down there. But that's why they call it a "lounge" right?
my mouth waters when i think of this place......soooo friggin good!everything is so tasty - u cannot go wrong in whatever you order. i do always seem to gravitate towards the same:Ceviche Mixto - fish, calamari, and shrimpFried Mixto - fish, calamari, and shrimpPollo A La Brasa - the chicken comes with two sides. also comes w/ 3 different sauce to dip in (it doesn't really need the sauce - chicken is already way tasty) - the 3 sauces are very good2 sides i always get - vegetable salteados and tacu-tacuLomito Saltado - Stir-fried sirloin strips w/ potatos. SO GOOD. Truffle Mac & Cheese - tastyi just cannot stop saying good stuff about this place. do make sure you have reservations - always crowded. the restaurant is loud - but a good happy loud!
I came here on the recommendation that the rotisserie chicken here was the BEST.....well, it was pretty good! super juicy, well seasoned, but was it better than hole in the wall peruvian joints i've been to elsewhere? not really.be prepared for a good long wait (about 30-40 min) if you're taking anything to go, and if you're eating in....be prepared for a good long wait. service is slow when it's not absent, and i found it impossible to wave someone down to check on my order when I realized i had been waiting 30 minutes. the sauces that come with are of the creamy herb variety rather than the oil-based green sauce i'm more used to. also, this is definitely a dolled-up, prom queen version of the more down-to-earth peruvian places I'm accustomed to in NYC. 2 sides come with a chicken order, but considering the 4 small pieces of yucca fries, expect more of a tasting than a proper serving.About $10 for half a chicken and the 2 modestly-sized sides.
Just ate here. Celebrating my daughter's 21st birthday and my other daughter visiting from Spain. The food was ok. You can get the same or better food for a lesser price if you go to the Mission District. The staff is not very friendly, they just settle for minimum effort. One of the young female waitress was rude to my daughter and telling her "I saw you drinking sangria, don't do it again you are not 21 yet." Midnight officially she turned 21. They don't have a good selection for kids. The ceviches were very good but tiny portions, the chicken was well seasoned and moist.There are way too many better restaurants in the City to settle for this one.
The rotisserie chicken was out of this world. Everything else was not - from the 1) wait at the bar for our party to be seated (even though we were there for a prepaid, preordered, organized event); 2) fact that we weren't given a proper dining table, but rather an awkward low tables and lounge-style couches even though we're there for a dinner, not a happy hour3) 20-minute wait for our appetizers and another 45-minute wait for our entree (consisting of chicharrons - dry overcooked chicken bits, said rotisserie chicken and lomito soltado - beef skirt steak). And oh, did I mention everything was preordered?4) fact that our server even asked if they should prepare the food for 10 or 9, given that there were supposed to be 10 of us but only 9 showed up. But did I mention everything was prepaid?5) and did I mention the chicarrons were overcooked to the point where it was barely edible?It was not worth having to go through #1 - #6 above just so you can cross off #37 of the 2011 Big Eat San Francisco (7x7.com/big-eat-2011-100)
The original Limon has been one of my favorites in SF. Opening the Rotisserie was a bonus. Limon's food is always consistent and the menu is good for friends with low carb, vegetarian, or pescatarian dietary restrictions. I like the Rotisserie's casual atmosphere. Street parking is easier than Valencia Street. The chicken is an obvious must. I also like their ceviches, sangria, pisco sour, empanadas and tartara de tuna.
Move over, fried chicken-- roasted chicken from Limon Rotisserie has won my heart over....now that I think of the time I got fried chicken in the south, I'm a little ambivalent about that first sentence, but damn, this place has some good chicken. Very moist and flavorful, and the sauces that Limon Rotisserie gives you will leave you addicted. I can't wait to eat my leftovers for my midnight snack tonight. #fatgurlstatusforsure
My favorite Peruvian restaurant in SF. The atmosphere is fun and lively, the staff is friendly(and often good looking) and they're great at taking large groups. The pri fixe menus at $25 and $30 will leave you rolling out of the place. It was a TON of food! I'm almost ashamed at how much I ate. I've been to Peru and didn't have food like this. Maybe I was going to the wrong places, but I'm pretty sure if Limon opened up a restaurant in Cuzco that they'd pack them in. All the food is great, but the true star of the show is the Rotisserie chicken. So tender that the meat falls off the bone. I'm not sure what type of seasoning they use, but I'm going to to google it to see if I can somehow re-create it at home. The Yucca fries with their dipping sauces should also not be missed. I took a large group of friends there last night and they all left satisfied and wondering why they'd never been to this place. If you haven't been there yourself you'll find yourself wondering the same thing once you've sucked one of those chicken bones dry. Great food and great value--and don't forget the sangria!
One of my top 10 places to go every time I visit SF; this place has great Peruvian style chicken, seafood and veggie dishes (without being soggy like some Peruvian places). I love the focus on small plates and rotisserie. There's extra seating downstairs so plenty of room for a group. Yum!
This might actually be my favorite restaurant in the city right now... we go ALL the time. Amazing food, drinks, and truly a great value!It's really hard to stray from what I usually get because I consider it a perfect meal. Ceviche w fish and shrimp.Half a roasted chicken w yucca and mixed veggies (only $10!)pisco sour (they pack a punch!)The meal ends up being relatively healthy if you go easy on the chicken skin (sometimes you just can't though!)Oh, and the Chimichurri... I want to eat that with every meal. I once bought a container of theirs to go and it was fabulous with meat I cooked at home. I also put in in my scrambled eggs, etc.
This place is great for a big party like ours (9 people). They brought us down to the basement which has a very interesting layout. We sat in the side with the couch and small tables which had to be pulled out for people to walk in. The servers were very friendly and very accommodating. We ordered a red snapper ceviche, tuna tartar, 3 orders of empanadas and 2 whole chickens with yuca fries, arroz, and yuca yuca as sides, among what I remember. Everything tasted delicious except the chicken was a bit too salty but otherwise cooked perfectly.I would come back for more when I go into the city again.
Have enjoyed two meals at Limon Rotisserie, which does a great job with Peruvian fare in the Mission. Each time I left, my dining companions were thoroughly impressed. Food: If getting two dishes, start with the chicken and a ceviche. Rotisserie chicken is already tasty and moist, and the preparation they use at Limon is pretty excellent. Chicken comes with two sides. I've had both fish and seafood ceviches; good marinade that somehow tastes a bit milky. Both dishes are highly recommended. Passing marks to the chicarron de pollo (interesting concept), but I was not impressed by the lomito saltado. One dish per person is sufficient in terms of portions. Drink: Full bar with two Peruvian beer options and a sangria. Also carry a gourmet chicha morado and several homemade lemonades. Service: Friendly and fast, but there was a minor problem on my second visit. I asked for some help in gauging portions for a group of four, and the server talked me into buying an entirely unnecessary fifth dish. When that dish came, it was the wrong thing. The server copped to the mistake, and offered to fix it. It didn't bother us, so we just kept the wrong dish (don't know what it was called, can't review), but it was a bit irritating to be talked into a dish you didn't need then to receive the wrong one. Server, though, was totally friendly and polite about the whole thing. I suspect this was a one-off issue. Ambiance: Entrance is into the main seating area. Large windows make for a lot of natural light. The decor is inviting enough. Good for parties of 2-4. Tables somewhat small. Fine for a date (more on the fun side than the stuffy/elegant side). There is also a nicely decorated seating area in the basement that I haven't sat in.Price: Averaging one dish per person, you're at $9-12 for food pre-tax/tip. Drinks were in the $5-7 range for alcohol. No HSF surcharge.Bottom Line; Will recommend, will return.
my new favorite place to get rotisserie chicken!i've always like rotisserie chicken but i dont get it often because aside from the legs and wings, it's always pretty dry... but the chicken here at limon is tender and juicy everywhere, even the breast meat which is the driest part of the chicken. you can choose a quarter, half, or a whole chicken with two sides. the chicken also comes with three "aji" sauces that were really good for dippingceviche mixto - it was fresh, cold, and plump pieces of fish, shrimp and calamari. delicious!!lomito saltado - basically a stir fry of sirloin with onions and potatoes and some other vegetables. it's suppose to be a popular peruvian dish but it was nothing special to meseco de costillas - these braised short ribs were so good! very flavorful and very tender. it came with two big pieces and some veggies as well. i would definitely recommend this as a small hot plate.i thought the small plates were a little pricey for the portions we had, but the whole chicken was a really good deal and with all that food and 3 pitchers of sangria, we were all extremely full and satisfied.
I didn't realize that a half rotisserie chicken (with two sides, for a mere $8 something) and a glass of sangria ($5) could make a girl so happy.Yum! Will be back soon. A thank you to the sweet hostess who gave us a table even though it was just me and my man and none of the two tops were open!
I wanted to like Limon so badly, and I did for a short while. The waiters were so sweet and helpful. They kept speaking to me in Spanish, because I look as though I would speak it (I don't). I should begin by saying that we were drunk upon entering. After a full day at the park, we decided tapas would be a great idea. There were 5 of us, and we had been drinking in the sun all day. My eyes bugged out of my head when I saw "Peruvian" on their awning. I am a HUGE fan of ceviche and know who makes it best. We were lucky to arrive when we did, because shortly after we were seated a line began to form outside. It was sweltering upstairs, so we asked to be seated in their downstairs section. We decided to order the ceviche de Pescado y Camaron, which was (for me) the only dish worth writing home about. The portion was frighteningly small, even for a tapas restaurant, but it was delicious! We also ordered the Ahi tuna tartar, which was OK. The Chicharron de Pollo (which is another favorite dish of mine) was not crispy, very dry, and lacked the garlic flavor I am used to in this dish. The Lomito was too salty and overcooked for my liking. They redeemed themselves with a delicious sangria, and yuca fries that melted in my mouth. The table seemed to like the rotisserie chicken, however I don't find this to be a tough recipe to master, so I was not impressed by the restaurant as a whole.I might be a tough critic, but I know Peruvian food, and this was not up to my standards. I was hungry again in less than an hour.
What I ordered:Carne Empanada (C+)We didn't wait long (even without a reservation on a Saturday night), service was still very attentive even though it was crowded, and the food wasn't terribly over priced. Why three-stars? From what I expect and have experienced from San Francisco, even just from the Mission, I can't say Limon Rotisserie was memorable in my books. I got the Carne Empanada, it was good but not bring-me-back good. In their defense almost everyone at out table got the same thing, none of us were impressed but i'm willing to accept that maybe it just wasn't the highlight of their menu. My friend ordered the rotisserie chicken, given the name of the restaurant she assumed it would be a specialty of theirs, and according to her it was a slam dunk. Her chicken came with three different delicious sauces and the chicken was cooked to perfection. Though I cannot vouch for her dish, I don't doubt there are hidden gems in their culinary repertoire. I blame the vague menu and bad marketing - sometimes the customer doesn't mind being told what to order, especially if that dish would result in repeat business. If I ever find myself hungry, on South Van Ness ave, and with little wait time i'd be willing to give Limon Rotisserie another go.
Amazing food, tiny restaurant! Make sure you have a reservation. Order the chicken and all the sides you can! Drinks are also fantastic.
Date night for under $30 bucks. Check.Not putting a dent in the wallet. Check.Getting great compliments for picking the spot. Check.Getting it in that night. Double Check.Perhaps you can score with the magic of Limon Rotisserie. =)
OH MAN, SO GOOD! Great prices, flavorful appetizers, and yummy desserts. And of course, the chicken is incredibly well-made. I'm not a fan of their drinks though...I've tried two and both were way too sweet. I'd suggest coming here for a very satisfying meal, then hopping over to one of the many bars in the area. Definitely make reservations. Word.
Ok, just to start off, I haven't been to Limon since they closed the Valencia location which I absolutely loved. So this was was my first time at the one on South Van Ness and had my doubts when I saw "rotisserie" on the front of the restaurant. Not that I don't think it was bad, but I was here for Peruvian food. My experience in summary:- The hostesses looked super stressed out. I came on a Sunday night and it was packed! But, they remained professional and placed us on the list.- The bartender knows his wines, which I liked because they do have a limited selection and he was very knowledgable about what to recommend.- The food is AMAZING. Enough said with that.- Service is fast, surprisingly since there were so many people.- Atmosphere is awesome, it gives you the San Francisco feel without being too pretentious.- Dessert was awesome as well.I cannot wait to come back and dine here again.
Reservation, seated 50 minutes late in a dank basement, no apologies.Inattentive service, 20% automatic tip for parties of 6 or more, disappointed customer.
Found my fav peruvian rotisserie chicken place!!!! $20 for a whole chicken and two sides. It is more than enough to feed three people. The chicken is so tender and flavorful from the skin all the way down to the bones. The true test was the breast which was uber moist. Ceviche, braised short rib, beef stew, lomo saltado and everything else is great. Make reservations as they are packed.
Pollo a la brasa is not your typical roast chicken. It's packed with spices from the skin, through the meat, and down to the bone. I promise it will be difficult to re-create a Peruvian roast chicken in a typical home kitchen. It's like great BBQ; you can tell it's been cooking for hours after taking just one bite.I love coming here with a group for dinner and drinks. A couple whole chickens and some sides are really easy to split, and it's budget friendly food with tons of flavor. All of the sides are great, but the last time I came here the yucca fries were a favorite among my friends. We ended up ordering two more batches. This place is usually packed. Even with a reservation, I always end up waiting at least another 15 minutes for my table. I prefer downstairs seating to upstairs; it seems a little more spacious and it doesn't feel quite as hectic.
I visited after returning from Trujillo and was a little disappointed that they didn't have a few very common dishes. After a pisco sour I moved on and had an awesome meal with a couple friends. We ordered chicken, lomo saltado, red snapper ceviche, yuca and taca taca and, left satisfied.
So we walked out of Limon Rotisserie shortly after getting our drinks. I had made a reservation but the wait staff clearly didn't seem to care. After being stashed at the bar with 2 seats for 3 people and asked to wait, the bartender took a drink order for 1 person and willfully ignored the other 2 for a while. Eventually the hostess asked us to follow her from the bar to our table... in the dank basement. It had all the ambiance of the locker room in a public pool - peeling paint, bad smell, no windows. And that's when we walked out.
I love this place and want to go back ASAP. I am finding new dining companions just so we can take them there. The food is delish, drinks fun & interesting and the vibe is fun! Plus when the check comes it doesn't break the bank.
I've put it off long enough, I must share. I wanted to write a proper review of this fantastic place. My best friend suggested this place for dinner and he's well..he has simple taste, as in he loves pf changs but the fried rice with no vegetables, so i didn't get my hopes up however...my boy has all grown up this place was incredible. a genuine pisco sour, excellent sangrias to start, handsome speedy servers to boot. We started with a calamari and fish ceviche, nicely done, good shot of tigers blood at the end. we had a whole chicken with taku taku and fantastic sweet potato fries, we also had the hanger steak. all dishes were additively good, the hanger was tender medium rare, well seasoned with an excellent char. The chicken was outstanding. there was silence for a good 10 min where all you could hear was moaning and omg so good. it's so worth the extra time at the gym for a feast here. something as simple as mashed together rice and beans shouldn't be that good, seriously, it may have crack in it, it's that good. everything was scrumptious. I had to refrain from licking my plate. the restaurant itself is simply but elegantly decorated, kid friendly, and has awesome food. I'll come back next time I'm in town. good show.
Weekly Cheat Meal Alert!Rating: 10Dish(es): Roast Chicken, Ceviche de Pescado y Camarn, Lomito Saltado, SangriaReview: Such an experience! Two best-evers: Chicken (with yummy sauces!) and sangria.  - Chicken was perfectly cooked, very moist with amazing spices.   - Sangria was the best ever including the one I had in Spain. Perfect ratio of sweetness and alcohol with a nice berry kick.   - Lomito Saltado tasted amazing too, tender meat sauteed with onions and tomatoes. - Ceviche was the least shining one, but still good.Cheat meal well spent.
The mixto ceviche at Limon was very very good. I really wanted to give this place 4 stars for the yummy food, but I just couldn't justify it because of the horrible hostess.We had made reservations for 8pm. Our entire party was present by 8:05p so we alerted the hostess to be seated. We were told to wait outside (in the cold) for 20 minutes. We were not seated until 9p despite repeated insistence that we had a 8pm reservation. The hostess had quite an attitude problem. She was completely unapologetic about our wait. She had the nerve to throw attitude (along with unnecessary eye rolling, etc) when we insisted that its unacceptable to be kept waiting for that long. Limon should be embarrassed. This location is not that large so they should organize themselves better and get a new hostess.TL, DR: Good food. Rude, snotty hostess. Rushed but decent service otherwise.
So amazing! Much better than the one on Valencia too. Must try the ceviche mixto!
I haven't ate much Peruvian food in my life but Limon Rotisserie didn't wow me. The decor is nice on the main level but we sat downstairs where the decor looks more like a hole in a wall. We sat all alone even though there were still tables up stair. I saw about 3 groups get seated but asked their server to move them upstairs. I didn't mind too much because I have a screaming toddler. The leche tigre cocktail ceviche was super salty. Chicken was also salty and the sauce didn't really made the chicken any better. The yuca fries are good and the tacu-tacu was decent. The prices are very reasonable and I don't mind coming back to try other items on the menu.
And so goes my monthly hunt for chicken with my bestie :)So we went to Limon and was not let down.Yum yum and yum!!!!All the dishes were delish :DAt first I thought "crap" how are we going to get in? It was mobbed and we even have reservations! But to our surprise they had a downstairs eating area. Yip yip :)We shared the "Chicharon de Pollo" as an app and split the "Pollo a la Brasa".Wholly $#^%*$@# the Chicharon was out of this world! Granted anything fried is good but this was da bomb!And the Pollo was moist and tasty :)Extremely reasonably priced.Definitely will be back again :)
Food is great! The chicken is reaaaaaaly tasty, yummy and juicy! The Carne Empanadas are excellent and highly recommended.HOWEVER, it's too noisy and while we did not have a reservation the stuff was decently polite (nothing genuine there) made us wait for 20 minutes at first and then another 20; not appreciated at all, be honest up front. I would have gone elsewhere...
OMGoodness! Impressed.We ordered everything that has quick tips and gets reviews often and loved them all. Ordered: Rotisserie Chicken, Tacu Tacu, Lomito Saltado, chicharron de pollo, & Vegetales SalteadosALL SO DELICIOUS (I want to go back)The cocktails are well crafted and tasty too. We had the caipirinhas. Yum!I reserved our table on open table via yelp, so we did not have to wait. The location is fairly small, so I'm sure there is always a wait.Make sure you go downstairs to the restroom, so you can see the downstairs lounge-like area. I'm not sure what they use the area for because no one was seated down there we I visited. The decor is very different than that upstairs. It's pretty hip down there.
Eh, my experience here is not as good as Limon. Practically the same menu, but of course with the rotisserie chicken. So we tried the chicken and were really underwhelmed, because it tasted no better than the rotisserie chickens you can get at the supermarket. It was actually worse since the one we had was REALLY salty.
They have the word "rotisserie" in the title of this place for no reason at all, because as my friend Tommy said when he walked in, "Wow. That is quite the rotisserie" the moment he laid eyes on Limon's goods.And the chicken that comes out of that bad boy is rotiserrie-licious! I haven't had skin on the outside of chicken that tasted that finger lickin' good in quite some time! Our party of seven got a whole chicken to share along with tons of other dishes, and we picked up every bone and made sure every ounce of meat and skin was gone before the waiter took it away! Yes, it simply is that good.No matter what size chicken you order (whole, half, quarter...) it comes with two sides too! Granted, I thought the sides were going to be a little bigger than they were, especially their yuca fries which is probably one of the best examples of those fries I have ever had, so maybe that's why we all thought that particularly side was smaller than it should have been. Their sweet potato fries are just like every other place's so I would pass on that one next time around. BUT the one thing you shouldn't pass up on when you come here is their sangria!!! MMMMMMMMM We went through three pitchers of this magical concoction like it was water, because it tasted that yummy and was that addictive to drink! And no, this isn't like some sangria that is really watered down and doesn't have any alcohol in it, this sangria definitely packs a punch, but for $25 a pitcher, I would hope there would be some "punch" in that punch heh. Be sure not to pass up their hanger steak dish and their lomito saltado too!! Those pieces of meat were oh so tender, and oh so perfect!! The boys in our group were lickin' their fingers and scraping their plates!My winning dish besides the sangria you ask? Well their ceviche IS AMAZING. That lime based juice it comes in, and those pieces of shrimp and fish and the fresh pieces of corn are AMAZING. I have no other word to describe it than that. So come here, grab a pitcher of sangria, and some of their ceviche and be taken to Peruvian heaven right there in the mission district!! (but skip dessert...not as good as it sounds in print, just average, so just get more sangria instead!)
Yummy Peruvian food:-) If you're going Friday or Saturday night, I recommend making reservations. I didn't think it was really necessary, but it is a good idea to do so, as this place gets hella crowded at night. We went in around 7pm and sat at the bar since there weren't any regular tables available. By the time we left at around 8pm, I saw close to 15 people waiting for some seats. Ordered the Ceviche Mixto, Half Rotisserie Chicken and the Lomito Saltado. They were all delicious and each was so full of flavor, especially the marinade for the Ceviche Mixto! Between my friend and I, we ordered those three and it was just right, portion-wise for sharing between two people, but if you're really hungry, you may need to order 1 or 2 more as this is tapas style. Comparing the interior of this location and the Limon on Valencia, I'd say the ambiance to me is better at Valencia, but the food is much better at this location. Great place to have some Peruvian food!
This is my go to place for comfort, to celebrate, to get out of a funk, to get funkay, to perk myself up, to perk someone else up, to giggle with my partner... In a nutshell, this is my happy place.What I love:Rotisserie Chicken: Um... it's kind of the name of the restaurant and fantastic. Reminds me of how good I feel when my Mum cooks for me. You know... the food that makes you dance in your seat or high chair back in the day :-)Comes with two sides and three fantastic sauces. The only side I need is an order of sweet potato fries. All the other sides are great thoughCeviche Mixto: Best ceviche I've had in the city so far. Seasoned well and always freshLomito Saltado: Everything this dish is supposed to be. Tender strips of sirloin! The sauce! The fries!Chocolate Bandido: I. Love. This. Dessert. It's a warm hug covered in brandy chocolate sauce and creme anglaise. Delicious and fun to share with a date. Yes, you can feel the romance surrounded by spits and scents of rotisserie chicken.
Came here on a Thursday night. Rotisserie chicken was great (very tasty and juicy), 'lomito' saltado was ok (a bit salty), chicharon chicken was a bit dry (taste/consistency was exactly like Japanese chicken karaage). Sides were good; Yuca fries were deeper fried than other Peruvian places and I think I like that (although it made them a lot more like regular thick cut french fries).  The three sauces were good, but they are similar to a place in LA.Price was a bit high but I suppose it's the norm here. Basically the rotisserie chicken was great but the other stuff was just ok. There's lots of peruvian places that do the rotisserie chicken maybe not as well as Limon, but do other dishes better and cheaper.
Steph recommended this place ... it was excellent! We sat downstairs in this cool room with red-tinted lights and cushy sheets and mirrors ... felt like a club, and there was fast-paced Latin music playing to match! We got 2 whole chickens to feed 6 people, each chicken came w/ 2 sides.Sweet potato fries = **** 1/2 ... I always love sweet potato fries!Chicken = ***** ... sooo succulent ... very flavorful!Corn = ***** ... This was corn on steroids ... didn't really taste like corn but I really liked it!Vegetables = *** 1/2 Good but kinda saltySangria = **** (I've heard it's essentially watered down wine) came with cut up fruit floating on top, very good and sweet but I'm not that big on alcohol
So much food. Pretty delicious.
We've been meaning to try this place ever since we moved to the Mission about a year ago...and we finally made it! I made a reservation for NYE dinner (the day of) for four people. I was thrilled when the 5:30 pm time slot was still open. As it so happened, two of our party of four were ~15 minutes late to the restaurant - the hostess was SO GRACIOUS to not give away our table. I think we got lucky. The restaurant was busy while we were there, but the ambiance was nice - low lighting, and not too noisy.Once we were seated, we had a plethora of fabulous foods. We shared a pitcher of red wine sangria (which gave us two rounds of drinks each for four people) - it was wonderful. Probably some of the best sangria around. Didn't taste boozy, but it certainly felt boozy. We also had the red snapper ceviche (fresh with the perfect amount of citrus), half of a rotisserie chicken (juicy and flavorful), the lomito saltado (steak served on a bed of fries, how can you go wrong?!), chicharron de pollo with sides of seasonal veggies (happened to be green beans on our visit) and sweet potato fries, and additional side dishes of tacu tacu (beans and rice Peruvian style) and yucca fries (thick cut and simply amazing). Every single dish we had was fresh and flavorful - I would recommend every one of them. I thoroughly enjoyed the meal. Service was quick and friendly. Our server made fabulous recommendations on what to try and what to skip. The most excellent part - for $75, the four of us were full of delicious food and enjoyed two rounds of drinks...so inexpensive, especially given the great experience we had! Portion sizes were perfect, the price was right, the food was fabulous and not overly salted in my opinion...I will definitely be back!
Just superb chicken!!! This place came highly recommended from the B&B I'm staying at in the Mission and they were worth every penny. I sat at the bar and asked the bartender for recommendations, and without pause he said the chicken and the ceviche. Being a solo diner but wanting to try as much as possible, I got a piece of dark meat with the peruvian rice and salad (comes with 2 sides) and the small ceviche. The chicken was the best rotisserie chicken I've ever had, made even more superb by the trio of sauces it was served with. The salad and rice were also quite spectacular.Unfortunately, the ceviche didn't do it for me. It was INCREDIBLY spicy! It had been marinated in and was served with a spicy red pepper, either a jalapeno or serrano, I couldn't tell which. Either way, it was too spicy for me to eat. It's only served with 2 taro chips, and when I asked for more to cut the spice, they charged me $3.50 for the chips :( It was also the most tart ceviche I've ever had - way more lime than was necessary. They do get creativity points, though, for including hominy and a crunchy corn-nut-like nut in the ceviche.
Reservations at 9pm, seated at 9:45pm. The food is really good tho. But was late for our other plans
I've been walking by Limon for awhile now and have been intrigued about it's culinary contents-- today my cravings were completely satisfied. I got the half chicken with yucca fries and sauteed veggies (enough so I could take half home for later) but it took all the will power I had to stop eating to enjoy their incredible sauces. The chicken was tender and moist, veggies (wax beans, green beans and peppers) perfectly seasoned and oiled, and the sauces complex without being overpowering. I can't wait to try their cocktails. Service was on point as well. I can't help but love when servers call me "bella" and check up on me at well-timed intervals. I'll be bringing friends here for certain.
Can I give it 10 stars?For cereal, this is the real deal. I was absolutely BLOWN AWAY. This might make it on my list of tastiest things that I have ever eaten in my life. And I like my tasties quite a bit.First, let's start with their sangria. Unbelievably strong and tasty. We got several pitchers for a table of 7 and we had no problems savoring every sip with our meal.We had the ceviche to start. WOW. I've had some tasty ceviches in my life, including real authentic homemade ceviche in Colombia and this blew it out of the water. They had shrimp, fish and calamari ceviche. All were incredible. Even my friend who abhors seafood gave in and scarfed down her share.The chicken. O.M.G. I've just recently begun to venture back into the world of poultry and honestly if I had ever had this earlier in my youth, I don't know if I would have ever cut poultry out of my life. UNBELIEVABLE. I literally don't think there is an adjective in my Engrish that can capture the ridiculous level of tasty in this chicken. It was soft, moist, exploding with flavor, savory, great portions, and the list goes on and on. You HAVE to get the rotisserie chicken at this place, I can't imagine anyone goes through without trying it.The sides were also very good. We got sweet potato fries, yuca fries, and the rice side. Yuca fries were memorable.And of course, the service. We had a pretty large group of 7 and we never once felt like the service was slacking. They do a great job of tending to you and making your dinner experience all the more enjoyable.I wish I lived in SF and I wish I could eat this chicken forever.
Tasty food, fun and hip vibe (but not overly crowded or difficult to get seated), quite cheap, and fast + friendly service.My friend and I split a half order of the chicken, with sweet potato fries and yuca fries, and then an order of the ensalada rusa. Everything was yummy but I was surprised at how good the salad was. Definitely recommend that. Our total bill was $19 or something ridiculously cheap. Another reviewer mentioned the portions are tiny but I thought the portions were huge. Perhaps it's a different story if you are ordering ceviche etc.Peruvian food is generally a little bit heavy/greasy for my taste, and while Limon was no exception, it's probably the best Peruvian food I've had.
That roasted chicken is so yummy. They have good cocktails too. I went here once for my friend's birthday but then I forgot I went then remember when I stumbled across it while romping through the mission.
This is definitely one of my favorite spots in SF now. The service, ambiance, food and prices are exceptional!FOOD:- Ceviche mixto: Perfect blend of sour and spicy. Not too much of either. Everything tasted very fresh.- Half Chicken: Oh god, the skin is to die for! Meat was very moist and tasted even better with their dipping sauces.- Sangria: Having just tried the best sangria in South Beach Miami, this one really fell off the map for me. Didn't enjoy it whatsoever. It was a little too heavy. Sangria's should be light and refreshing with a kick. - Yuca Fries: Delish! - Tacu Tacu: Kinda reminds me of a fried red rice with tomato paste. Pretty good.COMING BACK! See you soon, Limon.
Their Pollo a la Brasa (Peruvian rotisserie chicken) is as authentic as it gets in San Francisco. Period.In case you didn't know, Pollo a la Brasa in Lima is as popular as Pizza is in the States - a staple - and this place gets it done damn right.However, the must have for me is: Leche de Tigre!!! Order it if you dare, and it will wake you up like 2 espressos and a redbull together.... but with no caffeine. What is Leche de Tigre? Well, the translation might help: Tiger Milk - still no help? Ok... Leche de Tigre is juicy Ceviche in a glass - popular in Peru as a hangover cure, and many believe it to act as potent aphrodisiac - pretty darn good!Other good things are the tacu-tacu balls (even though the stopped serving them as "balls" - why? bring the balls back!). And the Yucca fries!
I can only express my whole hearted gratitude to the ones who suggested this place for dinner. I have had Peruvian food before but I never had such a great meal in a long time until I had eaten here. Starting off with several pitchers of their sangria for a party of 5 can only make my meal so much happier and well...just great! Every single meal was cooked to "perfection" in my book of being a "food enthusiast" that I definitely recommend this place. We ordered what was the usual for the ones who have eaten here before and went even further to try other food items on the menu they haven't tried before."Lomito" Saltado - Definitely taste the authentic flavors of herbs and spices local to Peru. The sirloin strips were juicy and tender. Pollo A La Brasa (Whole Chicken) - Chicken was absolutely delicious. Not a single bite or part of the chicken was lacking juice or flavor. Chicharron de Pollo - Crispy chicken was definitely a nice alternative to the Pollo A La Brasa. Crispy texture gave a think layer of crunch with tender flavorful meat in the inside. Seco de Costillas - The beef was tender and the sauce can practically be eaten like a soup. Carne empanadas - A great crispy outside layer with flavorful beef in the inside. The balance of onions, tomatoes, eggs, and raisins definitely gave will give an orgasm to your taste buds for sure. If that wasn't enough, we threw in some sides along the way as we ordered main entrees throughout the dinner. The Tacu-Tacu was one side dish which is one I've never had before. Complemented the chicken entrees very well. The yuca fries were perhaps the only less desirable dish we had ordered the entire night but even the fries were really good in terms of flavor and such.Ambiance is pretty modern and a bit of tight if seated in the main dining area. Luckily, their lower (basement) eating area provided some good ample space between neighboring customers and full access to the bar. Service started off great and our server attempted to be very humorous for the majority of the nice. He had some moments near the end where the service slowed for us and his humor was as funny. Nonetheless, I give him credit for all the food we continued to place orders for along the way. Definitely will come back when I'm back in town!
Amazing chicken AND incredible sauces to put on your chicken. I normally don't like yucca fries but I loved the yucca fries here. Quick and attentive service. We had reservation for lunch ( though it was the day after Christmas) and good thing because the place was pretty full. I live in the south bay and cant wait to eat here again! I'll definitely be back!!!!
Inexpensive. Flavorful. Cool crowd. Nice Staff. Get the chicken obviously and some of their amazing sides. The chicken has a great tangy flavor and the sides are great. Some sides are healthy and some... not so healthy. Those fried balls of beans are soooooo good. I forget what they're called but you have to get an order of those. Fries and sangria are great, too! Servers are fast and efficient. Always a great place.
I wish I could write an accurate review about the food and ambiance of this restaurant but I can't because we never got to actually eat there...I was visiting from Los Angeles over the weekend and the friend I was staying with made reservations to eat at Limon for us. A few hours before our reservation, I found out another friend would be joining us, so I called the restaurant to change our reservation from a party of 2 to a party of 3. The host I spoke to had a bit of an attitude and was very huffy about changing the reservation, but acquiesced. Our reservation was for 8 PM and we were taking the BART in from Berkeley. My friend had miscalculated how long it would take to walk from the station to the restaurant, so we were a little late (but under the 15 minutes pretty much any restaurant would hold a reservation for if someone is running late). We arrived at the restaurant, hungry and a little out of breath, to find out that our table had been given away. No call from the restaurant or anything (though, I guess we could've called them to let them know we were running slightly late, but we were in such a rush getting to the restaurant no one thought of it at the time).The host (I assume the same one I talked to), told us that because we weren't there right at 8, they had given our table up (so, could have been even 5 minutes after 8, which seemed.... a bit too sticklerish for time). He seemed annoyed with the sight of us and wasn't accommodating at all. He said MAYBE he could get us a table, but it'd be at least a 30 minute wait. We said forget it, and looked up nearby restaurants on Yelp. We ended up at Frjtz, just a few blocks away and had a fantastic meal there.I don't think I plan on returning to Limon.
A friend and I decided to grab dinner here after seeing it on the 7x7 list.Hearing it would probably be busy I made some reservations. I was rushing from work to get here and I ended up going to the wrong limon... But, the host got us seats with just a small wait. Thank you for not making me look terrible!We came for the chicken, but we also ordered sangria, yuca fries and the ceviche. The waiter was very courteous and helped us choose our meals as well as explain any dish we had questions on. The chicken was nicely cooked and it met our expectations, but the ceviche was the surprise of the night. I don't eat ceviche much, but this one was very good. It was very crowded but it didn't bother me. I looked around and everyone at the restaurant seemed to be enjoying their meal and engaged in conversation. (I'm a bit of a people watcher) Good food, good atmosphere, good time. I would definitely come back to Limon
This place serves consistently good food. It's usually crowded for dinner but lunch seems more reasonable. I love the Ceviches, they are amazing. i love the chicken, it's very well done. It's reasonably prices, straight forward service, and good. There are a few good Peruvian places in the city and this is one of them!
Holy Shit.The chicken with those three different sauces with hot rice is amazing. The first time I had food from Limon, I didn't care for it much because i ordered it to go and didn't eat it until three hours later. Then I went again for dinner and everything fresh tastes better. Everything from the ceviche to the short ribs to the sangria tasted amazing. The food (especially the fries) can be a bit salty at times, and I don't care much for the empanadas (and I LOVE empanadas) but the chicken... spot on.I would definitely come back!
Awesome cocktails that you do not get to try every day. Food was great as well, the mixed ceviche was the best plate.
I was here on Friday night, I loved it!The staff were very friendly, there were a lot of people waiting for a table, which is kind of annoying, but also good, cause people don't wait around for tables at crappy restaurants (usually). I had the ceviche mixto which was fabulous! If you love seafood, you'll love this. The prices were so super reasonable. i had a drink that I wanna say was called a chichi, but my Peruvian friend laughed his ass off when I called it that, cause um, a chichi is something else in Spanish! The actual name of my drink escapes me now! :pBTW, my Peruvian friend comes to eat here all the time, he loves the place, so that is another point in favor of Limon! A++++++edited to add: the drink is actually called chicha... :)
Good first: The chicken was so tender and tasty, it was a pleasure to eat. Yucca fries are not to be missed, and the vegetables were wonderful as well. If you are so inclined, have one of their specialty drinks which won't disappoint. Sit and relax, spend as much time as you like in this cozy restaurant where the atmosphere is comfortable but a little loud.Bad but not so bad: The taxi ride here from our hotel was long and expensive. Our waitress did not get our order right, so we needed to remind her about it, and in the end it was still not right but it was not such a big deal that it ruined the evening or the food.
I'm still having flashbacks to the ceviche. I could eat a damn bathtub of of it. Sorry, bad visual? This place is awesome, and they know it. Lines out the door and people staring us down, willing us to stop eating and vacate out table. The hosts rule with an iron fist, even trying to coerce us to a different spot after initially being seated. Thanks but no thanks!With four hungry girls we split the whole chicken, ceviche some amazing sides (seriously, who knew rice could be *that* good?) and sauces. Service was friendly and helpful and genuinely receptive of our opinion. How often do you see that?Price is killer. I had two many cocktails to recall, but it was CHEAP.
I first discovered Limon when I moved to SF 4 years ago and fell in love with it. Great food, even for vegetarians! Limon is my go to place for visitors from out of town. Last time a couple of friends come in to town I took them to Limon on a Monday night and was disappointed with the experience. We had several different waiters, our glasses were continuously empty of water and we had to ask and wait for water. I ordered empanadas along with other dishes and had to ask for the empanadas 4 times. Then, when I told them not to worry about them bc we were ready for the check they insisted on bringing them. The food is delicious, but seems with the downstairs they cannot handle the quantity of people. I won't be going back to this location. Maybe Valencia location is a better choice.
Well recommended. Friendly attentive staff, truly wonderful food and a vibrant and exciting place to eat.Busy, so you may have to wait over a drink at the bar - but its worth it!!!
Attention all vege/pesca-tarians: this place is still delicious for you guys!We were celebrating a friend's birthday, and they were very accomodating with reservation time and amount of people changes. The downstairs area is kind of dark with a loungy feel, a good atmosphere for our birthday group.Onto the food! Our table was heaped with chicken, sangria, veggie empanadas, yuca fries, sweet potato fries, ceviche, and sauces. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, was cleaned off the plates. I can't speak to the chicken, but I was pleased with how flavorful everything else was. At least I think it was flavorful, but that might be the copious amount of sangria talking...either way, it was totally delicious in the moment!Only complaint is that the service was a little iffy - we had to ask multiple times for water. But that's not enough to keep me away!
Just had lunch here today and it was hella good!! ordered:1/2 roasted chicken w/ 2 sides - ensalada & tacu tacu (basically a deep fried ball of rice - bomb!)lomo saltada - steak & friesEverything was bursting with flavor!!! The chimichurri they serve on the side was especially good.Price - was cheap!I would definitely come back and I def would recommend it!!
Where do I begin! This is my favorite Peruvian restaurant in SF. I've been on a journey to try all of the Peruvian restaurants in SF, and I always find myself coming back to Limon Rotisserie. Limon Rotisserie has a casual laid-back vibe and the waiters are extremely friendly and attentive. I may be a little biased, since I'm a regular and we know most of the staff by now. However, I will add that the staff are awesome and there to serve the customer, management on the other hand not so much....Starting with drinks! The Sangria is delicious and the Pisco Sour is a great competitor. Not looking for an alcoholic beverage, the fresh lemonades are just as good. I always start with the Ceviche Mixto, which is has nice citrus punch! I was turned onto ceviche because of this place and I never cared for fish, but thanks to this dish, I'm a ceviche lover! If you're looking for something green, the Ensalada Mixta is just as tasty. The Lomito Saltaldo is full of flavor and who doesn't love fries? The Lomito Saltaldo and Chicharon de Pollo are by far the best that I've had in the city so far. Each dish is bursting with flavor and leave you craving for more. But this place is also known for its Rotisserie Chicken and it does not disappoint. The chicken is seasoned with so much herb and cooked to perfection and always moist! The trio dipping sauce also provides more flavor, I wish I knew what was in the dipping sauce, its so good! Let's not forget the sides-Tacu Tacu, Sweet Potato Fries, Vegetales Salteados, and let's really not forget the Yuca Frito!!! This is one of the few places that I've had Yuca cooked properly, most places undercook the Yuca which is inedible or overcook Yuca and dry it out, but here its delicious! Finally, any of the desserts you decide on are sure to leave satisfied. Again, I may be slightly biased, but every one I've introduced to Limon has loved the food!
I came here for a birthday dinner with some friends. Because we were a big group, we ordered the preset menu which came with an assortment of appetizers and entrees. The food was quite good and we were able to try a bit of everything. My only complaint is that all the food came out without any explanations as to what was what. But no big deal, all of the food was delicious. The sangria was also very tasty.
This place is delicious . We got the half chicken w yucca fries. It comes w 3 sauces for dipping.  Also the truffle Mac and cheese is very yummy.
The food is amazing. The prices are a tad (ever so slightly) just a little bit high on all items except one. The half chicken (which comes with two additional amazing side dishes) is priced very affordably and is fantastically delicious. My advice, order the half chicken and whatever else you want, that way you'll have a delicious meal and won't even spend that much. I can see myself coming back weekly (even though the neighborhood is full of great food).Chicharones de Pollo are great.Yucca fries are outstanding.Pisco Sours are great.
Fantastic spot if you know what you're getting yourself into.The great: entire menu, particularly the rotisserie chicken. Cocktails. The price: I walked out both times extremely happy with how much great food I got for the money.The not so great: service after you've eaten, as it takes a loooong time to get the bill, for them to pick up your card, and for them to return with a receipt. Food comes out super fast though. I could see how other people would find things in the service to complain about, but nothing about it has bothered me.If you haven't been before, get: one of the ceviches to start, a half or whole chicken, and fried yucca and sweet potato fries.Edited to add: came back with a friend and their first comment was "THIS CHICKEN IS SO GOOD". It really is.
What a delicious, awesome, flavorful food for your bucks. Apparently, this is the more casual place than their restaurant on Valencia. I was in the area and wanted to find a good dinner place with my best friend and we landed here. There was a slight wait, but the bar area opened up and it's-first-come-first-serve there.Friendly service was quickly provided and we were given the menus w/ the bartender saying that their chicken is the most popular item. So we ordered:1/2 chicken - super tender and moist, even the breastpolenta thing as a side - hmm.. not too big a fan of thatgreen beans - tender, crispy, and just *waaaaaaaow* yummytartara de tuna - with just the right amount of sesame oil mixed in, delicious"lomito" saltado - rare-cooked, uber tender steak w/ the fries mixed in the sauce. I can't express just how tender the steak really wasThe sauces! Can't forget about the sauces!! They've all got a nice kick but Mmmmm! it complements the meal extremely well!This space looks small from the outside, but no need to worry! They have a lower level that can accomodate big parties. :) Both of us were stuffed to the neck, took 1/4 of the chicken home along with some steak. It was just under $20 for both of us. I'd say this place earned my 5 stars.
Limon Rotisserie stands out both for being delicious as well as relatively unique. Also, for the price, this is one of the best deals in SF. My favorites are the ceviche and the chicken. The ceviche is tangy and spicy, full of fresh seafood, and the chicken is juicy and perfectly seasoned. I would eat my weight in either of these given the chance. The fried yucca and sweet potato fries are good for what they are, but fries always feel heavy and bland to me. That's how I feel about fries in general, so I don't fault Limon for that. They do sport a variety of good dipping sauces to liven things up (chimicurri is my favorite).I've been to their sister sit-down restaurant, and surprisingly, I like the food at their cheaper low-key rotisserie better. Like I said, great bang for your buck!
I was expecting so much more from LImon based on all the excellent reviews. Perhaps I was expecting too much or the plethora of 5 star reviews were mostly based on price. Either way, I found my meal at Limon quite lackluster.First, I loved the atmosphere. It was casual yet sophisticated and the mirrors about the line created a great view in the back. The service was attentive without being smothering and we were seated immediately when we got there.However, I found the food itself to be just okay (for the most part). The ceviche was good (although I've had better ceviche in the past). The side of yucca was fried nicely. But their chicken, the stand out dish of the restaurant, was dry and oversalted. I can make better chicken at home. The panna cotta for dessert was good, but I wasn't blown away either. The texture was fine, but the passion fruit coulis was too sweet.All in all though, the total bill for two people was less than $60 (and more than half of that was sangria). I probably won't be back to LImon, but it was still a good experience.
Went there for a buttday party dinner for two. We ordered a pitcher of sangria, which was just lovely. PLENTY for two but good enough to drink all by ourselves. Not to over punchy/sweet, not to tart. Just right.Had a 1/2 order of rotisserie chicken. Although moist and flavorful, I found the skin and some parts of the meat very salty. I skipped the skin and dipped the chicken in the two special sauces they brought out. OH SO GOOD!If you order the chicken, you get 2 sides that come wit the chicken so definitly the route to go. Our sides were the sweet potato fries and the roasted corn. We couldn't stop eating them both! Delicious!Also ordered the tuna tartare and the halibut ceviche (which also had calamari). SO SO GOOD. Definitly two plates not to miss out on!
Still wondrous after all these years--the Seco de Costillas is something to not miss. Peruvian style short ribs!
So this place is an amazingly good value. Either eat in or take out. Get the chicken - enjoy the sauces. Have fun and be surprised at how small the bill is at the end of the night.
By far the better location out of the two Limon's in the mission. This one has great service, a nicer more relaxed atmosphere and the same amazingly yummy food. Ceviche mixto is phenomenal (calamari, fish, shrimp, sweet potatoes thrown in), and the roast chicken is a must (yuca fries & vegetables are my sides of choice). The complimentary dipping sauces are sooo good (especially the chimichurri style sauce), i want to put it on everything!
Yay, I'm a fan of Limon, so why wouldn't I be a fan of Limon Rotisserie?! And I love tapas! Oh, and rotisserie chicken!!A group of five girls venture out to Limon Rotisserie on a warm Saturday afternoon for a late lunch/early dinner birthday celebration. Staff appears friendly, venue is sparsely decorated, but seemingly clean and bright. First things first we order a pitcher of sangria--delicious, almost tastes like juice.Here's what we ordered to share: - Ceviche misto which was a mix of fish, calamari and tiger shrimp was fresh and just contained just the right amount of citrus and milk. The accompanying red onions and large corn pieces (who's name I've already forgotten) were nice additions. - Pollo a la brasa (half chicken) was tasty! Juicy and well seasoned, even the white meat was desirable. We could have ordered a full chicken it was so good. Nice that an order comes with two sides. - Sweet potato fries are simple, but done right. - Tacu- tacu we learned was fried beans and rice. Not what we expected when it came out, but who doesn't like a fried ball of beans and rice? Something different, and glad we ordered it.- Lomito saltado is my favorite Peruvian dish, and this is very much the same great caliber as it's Limon parent resto. Tender pieces of steak, so full and rich in flavor with good quality, bit sized potatoes and tomatoes.- Carne and veggie empanadas were both amazing, though I think I enjoyed the veggie a bit more. Mushroom, spinach and cheese--simple ingredients that compliment each other well. While the carne one was good, their were too many ingredients involved that it almost just seemed like a beef mush inside, tasty beef mush, but mush nonetheless.All the sauces were complementary to the chicken and anything that could and should be dipped for that matter. I prefer a lil heat, so I wish more of them were spicy.Enjoyed my dining experience at Limon Rotisserie! Surprisingly inexpensive but quite enjoyable meal. So, again, I'm a fan!!
3.5 stars.Went here for my friend's birthday. We ordered the Rotisserie Chicken (Pollo A La Brasa), Yuca Fries, Tacu Tacu, Ceviche, and Sangria. The chicken was one of the most memorable poultries I've ever eaten. The Yuca fries was a new taste for me so it was bit getting used to and the tacu and ceviche I didn't have because my friends had finished it before I could have a bite in (hehe). The sangria was heavy, so for some of Yelpers that might be a good thing! The service was a bit bland that night; maybe because we were the last party that arrived that evening but even so, no need for the so-so service. I asked one of the waitresses if we could blow out one of our own cupcakes for the birthday girl in the restaurant but she replied by telling us that she would have charge us in-house wine fee! I was aghast! (Hence the less then perfect score card).
great exotic cocktails, reasonable prices, very tasty food, nice sized portions that look small but actually fill you up if you share dishes with people, and nice looking bartenders too.
This place is great. Completely unpretentious and extremely reasonable in terms of pricing. For 3 people, we ordered a full chicken, the fish and shrimp ceviche, and one of the steak dishes. It was plenty of food with the sides that come with the chicken. The chicken and one of the ceviches are an absolute must. We had sangria which I am usually weary of because it ends up being a cup of sugar, but it was surprisingly very good. For dessert, the profiteroles and the chocolate bandido were delicious. Limon is one of those places that will enter my rotation of quick, easy, and fun places to go in the city. For an intimate or fun group dinner, this place has become one of my instant favorites.
My first impression, small crampped place...boy was I wrong. There's a down stairs section too. The food was pretty good, but I had better Peruvian food...thats probably why it was quite inexpensive for 3 people.Damn i should review this place sooner bc I forgot what I ate. The meal was good and service was great.Anyway i would come back for sure.
I've been meaning to eat here for the past 4 years. Finally got around to it since Mi Lindo Peru was closed today.Loma Saltado - Steak, tomatoes, and onions over french fries. SOOO good. Steak was cooked perfectly medium/medium rare. Insanely tender, and the veggie juices/steak marinade sauce was super flavorful. Actually, it was a little salty, but that extra flavor was soaked up by french fries.Rotisserie Chicken - chicken cooked in a rotisserie. Sounds basic, but the seasoning is the key. The sauces were 2 aji cilantro sauces (one plain, the other spicy) and a green chimichurri sauce. I really don't like cilantro, but the aji peppers really took out that cilantro after taste. Both sauces were creamy and not spicy (even the spicy one wasn't spicy). The chimichurri sauce was great if you really wanted a cleaner and more grilled focus for your chickenYucca Fries - perfectly fried yucca fries... you really can't mess these up. Limon cooked these perfectly (lightly crisp, slight amount of salt) Dip them in the sauce that comes with the Rotisserie chicken for extra flavor.Tacu Tacu - Seasoned beans and rice, done peruvian style, which means different flavors when compared to your standard rice and beans dish. The food is 5 star worthy, but the portions could use a bit of a size up compared to the other Peruvian restaurants I've frequented which are around the same price point. Nevertheless, you won't be disappointed eating here... its very good and possibly tops in flavor.
Oh my goodness. So delicious and so cheap! Half chicken is delicious for two people. Got sweet potato fries and tacu tacu as our sides! We also got the truffle Mac and cheese, a mango lemonade and a kiwicha cocktail (9.50) This totaled to $32 for dinner! Incredible! The ambiance is great for impressing a date and if you get the pollo it ends up being very affordable. I will be back.
Yumyumyum... this place is so ridiculously good!! I came here for a friends birthday and we ordered a bunch of dishes to share. I don't even remember what we got but there wasn't a single dish that I didn't like. The yuca fries were so good. The chicken was super moist, skin crispy.. so good. And this place makes the best sangria ever! Best i've ever ever had. We ordered a pitcher and 3 of us shared it. I swear I can drink one pitcher by myself. Amazing food, great atmosphere, yummy drinks. I have nothing bad to say about this place. I can't wait to come back again and try other dishes... and get like 3 pitchers of sangria for myself!
My mouth is salivating while I try to type this review. 1 Roast chicken + Tacu Tacu (fritters) + Sauteed Veggies + Ceviche (I WANT A HUGE PLATE OF THAT NOW) = Pure awesomeness. Now add 2 Inca Blu drinks to that, and split among 4 people? Roughly 11 dollars/person. That just adds to the awesomeness even more!!!The memory of how juicy and flavorful that chicken was still lingers my mind. Why must it be an hour and a half away from me?!Sactown, please step up your game. I'm (not so) humbly waiting.
In general, I love Peruvian food. I was in a large group so we got the menu that pretty much gives us a little bit of everything for a flat rate per person. Not a fan of ceviche. The salad was okay, seemed to have a little too much dressing. Lomito saltado is a winner. It always is. They bring out a variety of sauces for your meal too. The garlic one is the best. The chicken was on the salty side and the skin wasn't as crispy as I had hoped. However, it was pretty moist and juicy. Eat it with some of the rice and it should turn down the salt meter a bit and be pretty good. The other chicken dish they brought out was boneless fried chicken pieces. They taste fine with the sauces but it seems like the chicken was on the saltier side of things. The desserts are BOMB. The wait wasn't terribly long but we called ahead. The wait staff here are friendly and accommodating. The area downstairs is a little funny with the seating. I felt like a kid with the seats being so deep, I have sit on the edge and lean a bit to eat. If you want to sit back against the booth, you're much too far from anything. Just an awkward seating choice. I'd be better with regular booth depths or some chairs. Would come again if in the area to drink and eat desserts and a couple of the items.
This place is really great!! The value they provide in their menu pricing is exceptional. I have been there at least 10 times and the food is exceptional. Its casual and a pretty basic environment, but the service is friendly and efficient and the food always amazing. They do a great job!!
juicy, succelent cheeee-kan 8)Came here on an impromptu Thursday night dinner with the BF and two guy friends who LOVE to eat. Suggested by one of our guy pals, raved that it was the best chicken he had in his life. He's a big boy, so I trust his taste buds. We made reservations right before we headed out. Seated right when we got in, ordered a pitcher of sangria and 2 half chickens which I believe came with 3 sides each. In NO time, all of our food on the table! The fastest service ever! Boy was that chubby guy right.... the chicken was so tender, falling off the bone! The yucca fries were incredible (dipped them in the sauce they give you.. MmmMMm)! Killed the salad and sauteed bean veggie mix... 25 minutes later all we were left with was our sangrias (which was pretty tasty also, btw).Can't wait to go back and try everything else off the menu!!
A very romantic setting. The food is amazing! there are two floors the top floor which is romantic, dark lighting and decently spaced seating. and the bottom floor that is more like a sports bar, but still romantic. The food, the food is awesome. Its Peruvian, so its different than what most of us are used to but extremely tasty. And the portions are decent for the price.
The place smells great.Place is packed, so if you are coming with more than 2 then make a res.Get:Rotisserie chicken is fantastic as Rotisserie chicken should be.     - Comes with 3 sauces that are all pretty good (green one is the best).     - Also comes with 2 sides (the Ensalada is meager so get the Vegetables Salteados instead.)Okay:Yuca Fries - 4 thick pieces. only get this if you like yuca fries cause otherwise it will probably look like a meager dish for 3 bucks.Chicken Empanada - You get two and they are good.Braised Short ribs- Huge chunks of meat in a savory brown sauce. i'm not a fan of savory sauces so if you are then try this.Lomito Saltado - Every peruvian place has this. It is good, but tastes how it looks (beef, fries, onions, etc) This dish is always good, but never mind blowing to me.Bill came out to after tax and tip $55 for 2 people. not to bad considering all the food we got. Also nothing was bad, i was pretty happy eating everything.Only reason it is 3 stars cause the chicken was the best thing and i can get a fresh cooked Rotisserie chicken for costco for $5.
This place has become my most frequented Peruvian restaurant due to its value, quality of food, location, ambience, and spot on flavors of world famous Peruvian Cuisine.As other people have mentioned, the Pollo a la Brasa is a Peruvian favorite and somehow, Limon Rotiserie has nailed the flavors head on!! 1/2 chicken + 2 sides for 10 bucks, you cannot beat that anywhere...I frequently bring guests to this 21st & Van Ness location, enticing them with the promise of some of the best finger-lickin' chicken they will ever have - but when they start to read the menu, their excitement goes way beyond the chicken and they usually go for another dish like Peru's most popular dish 'Lomo Saltado". There are items on the menu like "Anticuchos de res", "Aguadito", and 'Seco" that are very traditional plates - and not only do they offer them here, but the traditional flavors are very well preserved as well.For any occasion, or for just plain ol' good food - This place is off the hook!By the way, Peruvian Cuisine was just voted best Cuisine in the Americas by the Organization of American States.... so go try some why dontcha!
Possibly my favorite restaurant in the city. And I've been to ALOT of places.Star Dish: Rotisserie Pollo A La Brasa & Veggie Empanadas.
went here on a random night and got a table on the basement floor.Ordered things other folks suggested: Yuca fries, lomo saltado, rotisserie chicken with sides...ceviche....everything was good but everything was too salty. The ceviche was good but certainly not the best that I have had.Actually my $4.25 shrimp and fish ceviche tostada at ceviche taqueria was better than this. (see my review for that). People said the chicken is mind blowing? What kind of chicken have you been eating all your life? I can make that chicken at home. Yes it is good, yes it is juicy as they cook it right there in the kitchen, but its NOT TO DIE FOR! I thought the meat portion in the lomo saltaldo could have been more, it was just full of salt drenched fries and onions. Overall, good, not mind blowing, nice crowd, Im sure drinks are good but I didnt have any, but would'nt drive outta my way to come here again.
One of my favorite, if not my favorite place in the City to go and eat. The chicken is amazing!!! I love it. Not much else to say than always perfect.
I ordered 2 plates of jalea to go 22$ I asked for plastic forks one guy said they did not have any the other said they were in the back but never got them. I left opened my 2 boxes if jalea to be shocked that the portion was sooo small it was ridiculous and not made properly. They ripped me off I will never go back there again and make sure everyone knows about it!!!!
Larger place than you would expect. They have a downstairs that has additional seating and a bar. The bathrooms are clean. It can get pretty noisy so not really the place for relaxed conversation... more of close up or semi-shouting. The food is well priced and delicious. I especially liked the macaroni and cheese. The jalea wasn't very impressive. The chicken was very moist and the sauces that came with it were tasty. However I found the chicken to be a bit salty.
Yum!Yucca fries, moist, tender, juicy chicken, tart and tangy ceviche. Seriously, what more could you ask for.Went here when Boyfriend was still Boyfriend (he is now Husband), and we really enjoyed the well-seasoned food. Everything also tasted very fresh. If we go back, lunch is the best time.
Everything on the menu is worth a try. Tonight with my two Euro friends we tasted the mix cevice, the pollo.. and the pollo again ... yucca frita and well.. WE COULD NOT refrain from getting to the desserts!!! I ordered EL BANDITO.. wow.. lava chocolate tart with whipped cream... NOICE! It is a very very nice place, not too noisy... kind of warm inside... you are basically sitting on the grill. If you had been to Limon on Valencia, this is COMPLETELY different.. apart from the cevice.Service is very fast and very to the point. Peruvian beers and other south American delishes.Again... really worth try it.. it is in the Miss, so no need at all to dress formal. They accept Credit cards.... no reservations unless you are a big party. Tonight the wait was almost nothing.. but on a good day expect almost 40 minutes to an hour on peak hours.Portions are very small.. tapas size.
I came here with a bunch of friends...about 11 total people. They seated us downstairs (the place is really small), but the downstairs felt more like a club. The tables were very short and it was hard to eat in that fashion. The Sangria is bomb, and so's the chicken. I got to check off another item from my 7x7 quest...which is always good. The chicken is just quartered, so the pieces are quite large. Its a good and bad thing though. I just wanted a small piece, but ended up getting a breast and wing together. hurm...it was nice though - the white meat wasn't dripping juicy, but was pretty moist and flavorful.The other dishes we tried were decent. But I think the next time I come, I'll just get Sangria and the Chicken. Its a perfect meal.Total for all of us came down to about $25 per person, so its very reasonable. Parking in the area is pretty good too! There's not many other restaurants around, and most houses in the area have indoor garages. You can easily park within 1/2 a block of this place.
Average food, and below average service.We were 15 minutes late for our reservation, and got sent to the penalty box (basement) which was hot, crowded, and lacked the ambiance of the upstairs dining room. I felt like I was in a dance floor that got converted to a dining area at the last minute.The ceviche came on a plate by itself. I have never had ceviche that didn't come with chips or something to eat it with.  When we asked for them, he refused at first. "Chips only come with the tuna tartar".  Really? Well guess what....Bring them anyway.The best thing we had was the chicharron de pollo. The rotisserie chicken was average, as were the sides...Drinks were not refilled, and we actually had to raise our hand like in grade school to get the servers attention.  This seemed strange at first, but then I realized everyone else was having to do the same.Definitely not a "wow" experience.
Great Restaraunt.  Fabulous food, great atmosphere.  This has become one of favorite local places.
This is by far my favorite restaurant. I have been here countless times and every single time the service is excellent! They have the perfect balance between being fast with the tables and deliverinf a great service. The manager always passes by to ask how is everything, the servera are super friendly! and the best of all, their food is exquisite in every level!. Love love love the fried yuca, the chicken is the best! my boyfriend always orders carne a la parrilla, costillas asada. The best!. Their sangria is not of my preference, their other drinks are really good!
My coworkers and I came her for lunch, and I must say that the food was delicious! I had the pollo empenadas and my compadres all had the rotisserie chicken. We also tried the mac and cheese - it was some of the best I had ever tasted.However, I will note that we were completely stiffed on a few side dishes that were ordered. When we relayed the message that we didn't receive a few of the side dishes that were supposed to come with the meals, the waiter brought us back one dish of white rice after looking completely irritated at our request. Maybe it was a bad day, but we paid for food we didn't receive and to me, that just ain't right. The guy was lucky the gratuity was automatically added IMO.
Decided to come here for dinner with some friends who were in town for the weekend. We originally wanted to go to Limon, the other restaurant on Valencia, but decided to come here after I saw that their rotisserie chicken was on the Big Eats 2011 list. We were a little late for our reservation, but didn't have to wait any longer after we arrived. We ordered:- A pitcher of Sangria ( there were 4 of us )- Half a Rotisserie Chicken- Anticucho ( Grilled Beef Hearts )- Ceviche Mixto- Chicharron de Pollo - Side dishes ( sweet potato fries and tuca tuca )Everything was decent, but their chicken is by far the best dish of the night! Absolutely see why this would be on the 100 things to eat list in SF.
Made a reservation so we got seated quite fast. The rotisserie chicken was quite nice and the Lomito Saltado was tasty - portions were RIDICULOUSLY small though for the price! The boyfriend and I were still hungry afterward. We also didn't really appreciate the service - our waiter was non-existent and it took us forever to flag him down, and when he was present, he was rude. I get that the restaurant gets pretty busy, but I've been to busy restaurants AND get good service - it's MORE than doable.Lighting was bad, the atmosphere was loud, and seating was also quite crowded. Chicken was great, but I don't think it was THAT amazing to warrant another visit back to this place.
Pros: Delicious, fast, unique.Cons: Salty, small portionsI'd like to say that this restaurant had some of the tastiest food I've ever had... unfortunately it was too savory, too salty, too much flavor... it's a bit intense! I've never tried Peruvian food, I eat common food (I'm in college) like pizza, sandwiches, rice... with the occasional splurge at Sizzlers, haha. Anyways, lets analyze each dish!Okay I lied, I'll start with the drink. We tried their infamous Chicha Morada. Well... that tasted rather... ethnic? That was the only word I could use to describe it. It's made with purple corn so that was different. Probably a fun drink to order and share with friends but don't have everyone order one. That would be just too much.Chicken: got the half chicken, it was pretty standard, nothing outstanding. Half chicken has enough meat for 4 people to get a decent size. It comes with two sides so we got the yuca fries and the tacu-tacu. Yuca fries: Its like potato wedges but its not potato, its yuca. Honestly, I can't tell the difference.Tacu-tacu: Its like a bean burrito but its not a burrito, its a tacu-tacu. Honestly, I can't tell the difference.Ceviche Mixto: very tangy but not too tart. You get some mysterious raw white fish which was pretty good, some shrimp, squid, and a side of giant pieces of corn. "Lomito" Saltado: I found this dish funny because everything was marinated with sauce except the meat. Like.. the fries were damp but the meat was dry. Tasty but the meat was a bit hard compared to the other meat dishes. Assorted goodies in the dish were good though.Jalea: aka Fried seafood with tartar sauce. Comes with 2 yuca fries. Nevertheless, very good.Seco de Costillas: basically a super tender pot roast. Pretty average.Carne a la Parilla: super tender steak slices doused in a very very savory sauce with a side of a tacu-tacu. (yay more burritos!)We tried all the desserts: chocolate bandido, profiteroles, and the panna cotta amazonica and they were all just fine. Nothing spectacular.Overall the restaurant was pretty nice. Its a trendy place, no dress up needed. The place is called limon and theres' an intriguing piece of art on the wall that looks like a lime. Fun fact!
First time I went here, I gave it 4 stars. Second time, I gave it 3 starts... So I guess that is an average of 3.5 stars. Decent food, but I thought in general the service was not as great as I had expected it to be. The Ceviche is excellent and the chicken was okay. Not more to say.
Love this place. Been having lunch here every month or so for the past few years. Occasionally meet a friend here for early dinner after work. My fav is the rotisserie chicken, which comes w/ 2 sides - 6 or so options. I usually have the yuca frita (deep fried yuca - like a big french fry) & tacu tacu (Peruvian version of red beans n' rice). Usually get the quarter [chicken] white [meat] (sooooo tender & super juicy, flavor all the way through). Will cost u about $10 or so. U can also order a half or whole chicken w/ the sides if u bring a good appetite or order w/ friends. Lots of other tasty items on the menu. Everything is prepared well & pretty quickly. Nice staff, clean bathrooms, additional banquet room for large parties or overflow, street parking - usual find a space on the same block as the restaurant. Can get really busy on Friday & Saturday nights, so avoid it all together or put on your patient cap. Also, neighborhood not the most desirable at night.
never had peruvian food before but if they all tasted like this, it will soon become my favorite. my friends and i came from the sf food festival and still wanted to eat dinner and since this was close by and highly rated, we decided to stop by. we didnt have reservations and sat at the bar downstairs. suggestion - it gets busy on the weekend, make a reservation! we ordered: - POLLO A LA BRASA - delicious chicken plus 3 great sauces. im picky about my chicken because i hate dry chicken. but this was melt-in-your-mouth good! meat was very tender and juicy. tastes good - lomito saltado - delicious top sirloin strips!! tasty and juicy!- tacu-tacu - never had this before. but it was a very good side. not your traditional mexican style beans and rice - this was much better. - sweet potato fries - nothing special here, but still good the owner or the restaurant manager came over and helped us order and describe to us the ingredients only from peru that were incorporated into the dishes. super great service. and even more delicious food. i am going to come again!!
One of my favorite places in SF. I was born and raised in Peru so I have high standards for Peruvian food. There's nothing like eating in Peru but Limon does a good job. The best dish for me is the Seco. Pollo a la brasa is also good. Extra points for having Cristal and Cusquena.The trick is to go with a group of friends and order a bunch of dishes. Enjoy!
Walking in and looking at the menu, I knew that this was going to be one of those places that I could easily enjoy anything from the menu. We ordered a variety of things and my original assessment was not wrong. Everything I tried was very good.The chicken was good, only complaint was that the skin was not crispy enough. The yucca fries were among the best I have ever had, I love yucca, but normally yucca is stringy, there was none of that with these fries.Also, try the chocolate cake, you'll be glad you did.
Came back here again for dinner on my last visit to SF. Unfortunately this time around, it was not as good as I remembered it tp be. With the exception of the empanadas everything we ordered just tasted ok. Sangria was also not as great as the the last time I was there either...boo! And service was truely lacking that night too. Don't know if I would come back again...think it's about time to try out a new place the next time I'm in SF.
LOVE their sangria! Just a couple glasses and you're having fun! I had to write this review mostly because of the food and drinks. The service was good, the restaurant is nice, but the food is what makes this 5 stars. I am a pescatarian, but the guys I was with gave the chicken a 10 out of 10. I gave the ceviche a 10 out of 10. The truffle Mac n Cheese is not fair! Totally worth it.
I came in the door at about 8pm on a Friday night without a reservation for a party of two. Was told about 30-40 minutes. Grabbed a drink at the bar, one of their Pisco Sours and it was quite good. Just under 30 minutes later we had a table downstairs with a bonus view of a TV with the Warriors game on.We ordered the Mixto Ceviche to start and enjoyed it. Then there was the Lomito Saltado and Tacu-Tacu. The Saltado had a lot of flavor and the steak was very tender. We ordered the Tacu-Tacu based on other Yelper comments, and despite not knowing what it was when we ordered it, the rice and bean dish was a perfect compliment to the Lomito Saltado.We thought about ordering the Mac & Cheese, but decided to go with dessert instead and had to go with the Chocolate Bandido which is as good as it sounds on the menu. Chocolate cake with chocolate sauce and vanilla cream. We almost ordered a second one. Overall, we had a very nice dinner and will definitely be coming back.
Delicious dishes for a good price.Came here with a group on a Sunday for lunch. We ordered the following and ate family style:1) Pollo a la brasa - The chicken was tasty and the skin even tasted good. I usually don't eat the skin on chicken, but the skin here was quite flavorful and didn't have that fatty feeling.2) Ceviche de pescado y camaron - my favorite dish from the restaurant.3) Tartara de tuna - Tasted just like Poke from Hawaii, and made me feel like I never left the islands.4) Chicharron de pollo - crispy pieces of chicken marinated in soy sauce, garlic & aji amarillo, w/ salsa criolla. I actually thought this wasn't going to taste good, but it surprised me.5) Leche tigre cocktail-milk of the tiger served w/ small diced seafood & choclo - Sour but good.6) Lomito saltado-stir fried top sirloin strips, onions, tomato & soy sauce, w/ fries - Yummy meat and the onions and tomatoes tasted really good too.Sides:1) Tacu tacu - reminded me of rice and beans2) Sweet potato fries - I liked the sea salt sprinkled on top.This was the first time I ate Peruvian food and I was not disappointed. It'd be nice to come back if I'm in the area.
Located on a neighborhood block, Limon Rotisserie was a very pleasant surprise. Decently priced, the restaurant features a series of small, cold and hot plates. Their most famous dish is the roasted chicken meal (comes in whole, half, or quarter sizes), with two small sides. Eugene and I shared a half chicken meal, a plate of Chicharron de Pollo (pieces of chicken marinated in soy sauce and the like), a glass of their purple corn juice, and their panna cotta.The chicken was absolutely delicious. Similar in juiciness to RoliRoti, the meal comes with these dipping sauces that made the meat taste that much better. The chicken skin was heavenly and the sides, fries and tacu-tacu (beans and rice fried together to form a cake thing) did not taste the greatest but got the job done. Overall the meal was definitely enough for the both of us. I would not recomend the Chicharron dish, the chicken was dry and tasteless. Eugene enjoyed the purple corn juice and their panna cotta was the best I ever had. I am definitely going back.
Limon is one of my new favorite places I will keep coming back to (so as long as I have extra change in my pocket).We were seated downstairs and I loved the atmosphere. It was such an open space. We were seated at the lounge area (?) which made eating a bit difficult but it was still enjoyable. I actually preferred seating on the couch because it makes the atmosphere more relaxed. I really enjoyed the ceviche, especially, the dipping sauce that came with it! The chicharon de pollo (as unhealthy as it is) was delightful, mmm the oiliness and the fat that came with it, so addictive... Unfortunately, the rotisserie was a miss. It could have tasted better if it wasn't too salty. I'm willing to come back so I can try again what people have been raving about.
Bought Pollo a la Brasa- rotisserie chicken like to go with two sides of sweet fries and tacu tacu. Best chicken in town. Price is more expensive compare to other chicken places, but it is worth your money. The chicken was very moist and full of flavor. The chicken order came with two sauces. sweet fries were ok- tacu tacu which is rice in a form of ball taste ok-I can do without. The place seems to always full of people even during weekdays. Parking on the street-
When you arrive at Limon Rotisserie, you are greeted and seated promptly. Fantastic music is playing, a scent fills the air that can only be described as drool-worthy or perhaps drool-inducing, and there are utensils on the table; that's the part that confuses me.I can only assume that you're supposed to use said utensils. I see everyone else using them, clean and proper like. My sincere apologies to those that may be unfortunate enough to sit where they can see me consume, but dammit, this food is too good for utensils! Yeah, I use the spoon to scoop out the sauces, but that's as civilized as I get here. Oh wait, I also use my fork to scoop out the fruit bits in the Sangria, they so delicious, why let them go to waste!?Everything tastes like they took all day to prepare it just right, and just for you. The yuca fries, the tacu-tacu, they're exceptional, get them. Half a chicken split between two of us, I only wish I was inhuman enough to consume a whole chicken. The wing that was attached to my piece of chicken was the best damn chicken wing I've ever had in my life, and I make a habit of ordering wings at any place that serves them. If Limon Rotisserie started serving chicken wings, I'd quit my job, and sit out front with a sign reading "Will stick needles in my eye for Limon Rotisserie chicken wings." Yeah, I'd be blind, but my taste-buds would still function properly.That flippin' good folks. The service could suck, and it'd still be that flippin' good, but it doesn't, it's exceptional too, go figure.
Deliciousness. I just had an early birthday dinner with some friends here a couple of hours ago. I do have to say first, good friends are a Godsend.The place is really noisy so don't come here if you want to have a relaxed and audible conversation with your friends. One of my buddies asked me something about church and I totally responded by saying, "Oh I haven't tried too much of the sauces, so I don't know which one I like best." A friend directly across from me said she heard "what do you think of the sauces?" and another friend diagonal from me heard the actual question.... That is how loud it is during dinner. The space is pretty cramped, but that is not a big deal to me. Just as long as the food is good, and the place is clean..... I'm good.Now to the food. I had the Lomito Saltado, as my small plate, and it was delicious, oh my gawsh, it was good. the beef was tender and well-flavored, the sauce was not salty, the french fries sprinkled on top were nom-nom and it was oh-so-delicious with rice.But gee, 2 dollas for a side of white rice? It has to be the part Asian in me. The waiters were looking at my friends and I funny because we were ordering so many sides of rice with our numerous meat dishes. For my drink I had their house soft drink called Chica Morada. It is supposedly made out of Blue corn, pineapple and something or another with antioxidants... blah blah blah. It was ok, but somehow I was vaguely reminded of what a apple cinnamon candle may taste like.... anyhooo, it wasn't bad, just not my flavor of the week- a flavor that came with some Christmastime memories and memories of power outages. We also had the rotisserie chicken. It was tender and flavorful, a little on the salty side for me, but good. We also had the Jalea, chicharron de pollo, and the seco de costillas and some sweet potato fries. I didn't get to taste the seco de costillas, it looked really tender and tasty though. Nonetheless, everything that we had was pretty good and well prepared. My fave was definitely the Lomito. YUMMMM.....I'll be back...
I really wanted to like this place but I much prefer Limon. The door bitch is very unfriendly and the place seems messier than Limon. Food was better at Limon too. Roast chicken was ok but nothing much to shout about. The only good thing was I finally worked up the nerve to try the pisco sour which was really good. We'll skip this place and just keep going to Limon.Reservations required cos it's crazy busy even on Sun nights. Parking is difficult too.
We came here for a birthday and they were very accommodating of our big group. They had a large room downstairs where we could be loud and boisterous! We opted for the set menu (they have a $25 or $30 option) for the entire group, plus a couple pitchers of sangria. Everything was pretty good, but a few things stood out. As others have said, the chicken was moist and flavorful on the inside with a nice crispiness to the skin. I also really enjoyed the tartare and chocolate cake. All in all, I thought it was a bit pricey for the food that I got, but very convenient for groups.
Limon is one of the first places I explored in SF and it never fails to disappoint. It has a great vibe, beautiful contemporary decor, and the food is BOMB. Best of all - it is affordable. It's not super cheap but for the vibe and atmosphere I'd say you are getting a steal. You can prolly get out of here for under $25/person.-Chicken - off the chain good, you will feel this urge to just grab your piece and dig in by hand. Silly manners.-Everything Else - delicious and worth trying, particularly the Ceviche and Tacu Tacu.Make sure to make a reservation as Thurs,Fri, and Sat are super popular.
A delicious and masterfully roast chicken for under $20.00. Show up with a couple friends and you have a quality lunch for under $10.00 a person. Comfortable atmosphere, and actual seating available (More than two tables? In the Mission? I know!)It is nice to go out to a filling lunch that actually tastes good and not spend a lot of money while not ending up at a dump taco stand.
I never had Peruvian food before by far the food here was delicious & I had a wonderful night here thanks 7abibi for taking me here ....
$17 for a whole roasted chicken + 2 sides + 3 sauces. AWESOME.I will echo Chuck L. and Jane S. that the chicken was way way wayyy too salty. But the skin was crispy and the meat was juicy and tender so I was happy. For our sides we got the yuca fries (soft and delicious) and the veggies, which were flavorful but not too exciting. Overall it was just a little too much food for 2 people, but just pack that shit up and take it home.$25 for a pitcher of sangria is well worth the money.Great service as well - the host very kindly directed us to the bar to be seated so we could avoid the wait, and the bartender was friendly and accommodating.Speaking of which, on a Saturday night expect to wait around 45+ minutes if you don't have a reservation. The restaurant was totally crowded when we got there around 8, but like I said we got lucky with bar seating.This is a pretty great place for a casual date, since you and your date will be bonding over how uncouthly you're both mauling the chicken.
I don't recall when I last had chicken at a restaurant. I usually find chicken too boring. Limon's roast chicken was incredibly tasty though. Really memorable. The ceviche was good too. The vibe of the place seemed festive and I liked that as well.On the so-so side, it seems like they did not plan for our reservation. We had to wait for about 45 minutes but at least they seemed sincerely worried and offered our party free drinks. Hey, stuff happens.I am going back to Limon this Saturday night and I just can not wait!
Solid spot for chicken, and they offer decent sides and sauces. Plus, it doesn't break the wallet - definitely a place I'd frequent now that I found out about it!
the reviews may be overrated here. or maybe I wasn't ordering the right items. possibly that I don't like rotisserie chicken. there's many possibilities. or my lychee martini was blah! that must have killed my mood for sure!! the guy filling up the water almost fried my friends phone. lucky she had a case. probably not coming back. sorry limon! deuces
I kind of wanted to give Limon Rotisserie 4.5 stars if that were possible. The food is very good, but I think it might be just the slightest bit under 5 stars. But then I remember the price, and the scale tips back to 5. I loved the original Limon, but the prices kept me from making it a regular destination. Limon's newest incarnation, Limon Rotisserie, has the same great food as the original Limon but is half the price. Instead of ordering individual entrees, it's best to go family style and order a rotisserie and a bunch of small plates. We had a half rotisserie, yuca fries, mixed vegetables, braised beef short ribs, mixed fish ceviche, and mixed fried seafood. It was all very good. I love ceviche, and this ceviche is just as good as it was at the original Limon. I don't think I love yuca fries as much as everyone else. They're a little starchy for me, but I seem to be the exception here, so go with everyone else on this one. Finally, it's hard to go wrong with sangria, but Limon Rotisserie goes very, very right with it. The space is small but chic. My only complaint is that the bathroom is unisex and has a urinal, which kind of grosses me out since I'm not used to them, seeing as how I don't have one installed in my apartment. I know, I comment on bathrooms so much you'd think I'm some sort of drug addict. I'm not. I'm just prissy and drink a lot of water. Urinal aside, Limon still serves up the best Peruvian food in San Francisco. And perhaps the best part of all: a final bill of $26 per person (there were three of us) for a pitcher of sangria, four entrees, and two sides.
The rotisserie chicken with dipping sauce is tasty.We also had the mixed salad and lomito (good stuff).Sangria wasn't bad plus the atmosphere was cool.
When I ate here we had a reservation for 20. They were a bit slow on the food but LORD KNOWS it was worth the wait! The waiters were soooo friendly and polite and doing the best they could since it's like 3 floors and they were packed! The food was delicious, I couldn't ask for a better experience Peruvian food is now my new favorite thanks to Limon : )
Limon is right in my 'hood, so after walking by and smelling the noms a few hundred times, we decided to check it out once and for all.First off, and somewhat unexpected: SANGRIA! Fabulous, giant pitchers of sangria suitable for 2 (or more), at a reasonable price. Awesome. The food is completely reasonably priced too - a half chicken for $9 or so, plus lots of hot and cold sides. After stuffing ourselves with chicken, sweet potato fries and the tastiest ceviche this side of Mission, we were utterly satisfied, and for less than $50, all told.
I recently tried this place with my cousins and found myself indifferent about it. The wait was super long and even though we had reservations, they still made us wait about 20-30 minutes after our entire party had arrived. The menu is pretty small and I would say there are about the same amount of drinks as entrees you can order. I ordered the half chicken and I thought that was the best deal because it wasn't too pricey and it came with two sides. It was delicious I must admit, the flavor and how moist and fall-off-the-bone made it so great. I really enjoyed the Yuca Fries, I've never had that before and loved it. I tried my cousin's lomito saltado and although it was a little too salty, the flavor was very unique and almost had an asian fusion taste to it. Also, it was mixed in with fries and it kind of reminded me of fancy carne asada fries.Overall, the service wasn't over the top but it wasn't disappointing either. The chicken was delicious and some plates were a little too salty. I probably would not come again just because it was a little on the pricey-er side but it was a good experience.
I had made a reservation via Open Table on Saturday @ 1am (yikes) for that same Saturday at 6pm. It worked! And thank goodness I made the reservation, because it was bussssssy!Now I haven't been to Limon Rotisserie in about 3 years so was I surprised when we were seated downstairs. The space is really nice, more spacious than upstairs. My bf and I ordered: half a pollo a la brasa with yucca and rice, lomito saltado and the ensalada russa. The chicken is so flavorful and juicy! The ensalada russa which is a potato and beet salad with a mustard sauce drizzle was refreshing. Everything was delicious and served promptly.  Well, the yucca frita was forgotten but as soon as I mentioned i, it was brought out. We also ordered the Cristal beer, and 2 shots of Porton pisco. Both are really good and recommended. For dessert we had the chocolate bandido...it's a warm lava-like cake. It was amazing! We were stuffed at the end of our meal!The service was excellent! Waited 5 mins to be seated. The waiters were courteous and helpful. Would definitely recommend this place!!!!
Actually came here last weekend with a friend. Waited in line for about 25mins or so. It was packed even on a sunday night !! After being seated we ordered a whole rotisserie chicken, which came with two free sides. We also ordered their short ribs as well and of course a glass of sangria(red wine,spirits, with chopped fruits). The atmosphere was great ^ ^ very lively, service was a bit slow,but it's understandable with it being all packed that night. As for our rotisserie chicken was very well seasons,but a bit on the salty side....=( However that won't stop me from giving it another chance soOoo until next time ^ ^ stay tuned ahahhap.s. I posted up two photos of our food that night, so check it out !!hope my review & photos gives you an idea of what to expect here ^ ^
Amazing chicken & sides. however, 3 stars for service. Expect to wait a while and not a great environment to hang around after you are finished. They scoot you out the door!!!!
EVERYTHING we ate here was SOOO DAMN GOOD!...I take one bite of one dish yum! another bite from another dish..yum! and a bite from the next ..YUM! even down to the dessert.another plus plus for clean bathrooms and attentive waiters. :-)what did my party order you ask?*2 whole chicken w/sides of rice and sweet potato fries-served with 3 types of dip..chimichurri (green dip was the best we ordered extra and they charge you $.50 each)*Ceviche Mixto -ordered 2*Lomito Saltado*Anticuchos de res*mango risotta -ordered 2*chocolate cake*some cream puff*mojito drinkAll mouth watering. For 8 people plus drinks and 20% gratuity our total came out to $200 ( $25 pp)*seco de costillas
Tasty sangria. Yucca fries were really good. All the other sides were just your usual fries, salad, meat. Chicken was decent. Chicken was saltier than Costco's. Can't say it was tastier than Costco's. More expensive than Costco's. I'm going to Costco's. The mediocrity of the food + horrible parking will make it hard for me to come back here again. It's not bad though.
wow very surprised with Limon. I had heard very good things, but sometimes that just makes me skeptical. I mean come on I definitely get a bit nervous when you walk into a place and the restaurant ambiance looks "too nice" as my friend would describe it. 4 of us dropped in on a Sunday night and the place was packed! We ordered a whole chicken, pescado ceviche, lomito saltado, anticuchos and a couple of sides. The Peruvian in our group loved all the food as much as the rest of us, so there's some reassurance for you all. On a side note we've taken up a new project of helping our formerly "chicken only" vegetarian (don't ask me makes no sense) expand his horizons with new foods. He's come to like beef a lot, so before he arrived we made sure place another order of the anticuchos because they were very delicious and come on if he knew it was beef heart there was no way he would try it. He comes in we tell him it's beef and he says it is on of the best beef dishes he's had. This is coming from a guy who spent a couple of weeks in Brazil and Argentina last year eating Brazilian BBQ and Argentinian beef. Let's just say he was a bit shocked to find out it was heart, but that did not stop him from finishing what was on his plate.OK enough story telling- must haves are the rotisserie chicken, and anticuchosVery reasonably priced too. Dinner for 5 of us was $90 before tip. I'll definitely be back or look at taking a chicken to go!
Recently ordered takeout. They said it'd be ready at 7:55 but it was actually ready at 8:25. Very disappointed by that. Don't think they fired it until we arrived to pick it up. If they want to avoid losses, they should just ask for a credit card over the phone.Yucca Fries & Lomito were good. Be sure to try all the sauces.
Based on my visit for dinner reservation on 4/15/11Why Limon?1. Hospitality: I had reservations for two and we were 20 minutes late. The cab dropped us off and the house was packed! In my head. Oh no! I hope they didn't give our table away. We came in and we were welcomed an was expected. "we've been waiting for you". How cool is that?2. Service: From the minute we were seated at our table, service was like a dream come true. It was like a NASCAR pit crew. Our water glasses were kept filled and food came out quick during dinner rush time!3. The Food: the food! Seriously, the food! It melted in my mouth. Is that possible? We started with the Ceviche Mixto, a combination of fish, shrimp, and squid marinated in a sour lemon base and corn kernels. At first, it had a kick to it. It was over powering. But I thought to myself. Wait! It's like cleansing my palate. I think this would be good to have in between plates. It's like the purpose of ginger when eating sushi. Anyways, moving on.The Chicharon de Pollo landed on our table next. Basically, deep fried skinless chicken topped with shredded onion with a lemon and cilantro dipping sauce. my girlfriend didn't care much about it, but to me, i enjoyed every bite of it. Okay okay, Maybe the flavor was not there at all. Maybe we Americans just like salty foods too much? So I'm gonna believe that the chicken had the right amount of saltiness to it. Who am I to say it should be saltier, this, or that? I'm no expert. But it was seriously good to my mouth.Next was the Carne Empanadas. The empanadas were the highlight of our dining evening at Limon. The filling was just sensational along with the mustard dipping sauce. I think it's mustard. Haha. But it was just a delight biting in to the flaky crust and the flavorful filling. It was so good we had to try the Pollo Empanadas and ordered a second one. Up next, the Lomito Saltado. We had to try the feature plate. Beef steak chunks cooked medium rare with strips of onions, tomatoes, and FRIES! The steak seriously was like chocolate. It was a heavenly experience. I didn't order it with rice, but the guy expediting the plates gave us a bowl of rice for FREE! to complete the dish. aaaaand it was fantastic! It complemented the plate very well.We didn't order the rotisserie chicken. We should've. But by the time we realized that. We were already getting full.My overall experience of this place was hands-down awesome! Can't wait to go back to this place on my next visit to San Francisco. One advice is, if you're gonna have dinner at Limon, be sure to make reservations. This place gets packed, and I know why.The best part? i expected the bill to come out to about 60-70 bucks. But when i got the bill and to my surprise, it was less than $50 bucks.
While we were only able to enjoy about a half of the meal we ordered since we had to jet to a play in the area, we still had a great time. Before we sat down for dinner we had sangrias which hit the spot. Then we had a slew of the cold plates as appetizers and each of them were really good. We were bummed to miss the hot plates but it took a little while to get those plates out. I look forward to coming here again and having the whole night to enjoy.While they don't take reservations, I would definitely recommend calling ahead of time and putting your name down so when you do show up it'll be faster for you to get a seat.
I was a big fan of the OG Limon, but not the one on Valencia, but now I'm back and, "Yay! I'm a fan."Matt G. brought me and 3 other lovely ladies here my first time and he was right. The chicken is TDF! I suggest if you're hungry, just order a half for yourself and dig in.. fork and knife and then you'll find yourself using your hands.You also have to get lomito salteado with a side of rice since this steak strip is pretty salty by itself, but you also want the drentch your rice in this soy sauce beef veggies and fries mixture. the fried yucca is great but skip the shrimp.thumbs up: quick lunch, get the chicken, friendly staff.thumbs down: gets packed quick and this one time THEY ALMOST RAN OUT OF CHICKEN! HOW CAN YOU CALL YOURSELF A ROTISSERIE AND RUN OUT OF CHICKEN AT 12:15 PM?! but good thing the waiter, "Found just one more!"
i cant believe this place has such high ratings.the food is nothing special, just your meat and potatoes kind of place.but what really killed the experience was the horrific service.though our party had made reservations, we were kept waitingfor a while before we were actually seated.also there was a bug floating in my cocktail. no joke! the first time thishas ever happened to me in any restaurant.when i told the waiter, he did not apologize nor did he look into my glassbut just took the glass to the bartender and said 'she said there was a bug in it.' they brought me a new drink of course but how they handled the wholesituation was really crass and unprofessional. and i had to pay for thedrink as well. if you are looking for a good time out with great people, this is definitely not the place!they ruined what would have been a perfect night out with my family and friends.
My friends took me here a couple of days ago for my birthday. It was also part of our ongoing quest to complete the 7x7 list. The restaurant is pretty cute. It looked small at first, until we discovered that there was a lower level. The lower levels wasn't quite as cute as the upper level, but it's all good. The food was good. They do it in family style, so we loaded up on a number of dishes to try out.  I am in love with that pollo a la brasa. It was delicious. It was moist, tender, and well-spiced. Every bite was delish. It tasted like the sort of chicken that was probably taken care of during its life. Price wise, it's also not that bad. The serve the chicken with an assortment of sauces. While I don't remember the names, the sauces were good (especially the green one). The empanadas were good. I inhaled my bit of it. I liked the Ceviche Mixto. I hardly eat ceviche, so I might not be the best judge but it was thoroughly satisfying. The "Lomito Saltado" and sweet potato fries were pretty good, but I've had better for both elsewhere. The drinks were also pretty good. I really liked my Caipirinha. I also tried a bit of my friends mojito and liked it a lot more than I thought I would. Usually am not a big fan of mojitos. Food-wise, I would probably give this place a 4 star (5 star for the chicken). However, I have to knock it a star because the service had a lot to be desired. After we were seated, we were promptly ignored until my friend pulled out her inner Korean ajima on someone and told them we were ready. They forgot to give my friend her wine until we had to ask for it again. They also forgot to charge us for our drinks. At that point, there was no one around, so we had to wait a lot longer after we paid for the food to actually be able to pay for our drinks. It took a lot of restraint for some of the party not to just leave. The food came out quickly though. Bottom Line: Love the chicken. Rest of the food is good. Service was bleh.
4.5*I came here to celebrate my birthday and decided on the $25/person prefixe menu. My friends and I were seated downstairs and loved the feel of the restaurant. Quite modern.Onto the food..Plentiful- definitely worth $25 charge (plus gratuity) because we had so much leftover. Bad note- servers didn't care to ask us if we wanted to pack the side dishes and only packed leftover chicken without the sauces. :(*tuna tartare- light, slight hint sesame oil. I don't eat this much so quality-wise, I'm unsure, but for taste, it was good.*ceviches mixto- perfect amount of lime luice. My fave appetizer.*mix green salad- average. decent.*lomito saltado- sirloin, onions, tomato atop french fries. Many of my friends loved it. I thought it was good but only had a bite. It had a sauce that lightly covered the fries nicely. *chicharron de pollo- crispy chicken..everyone ate this all. *roast chicken- seasoned beautifully where you don't really need their sauces- chimichurri aji, amarillo-huacatay sauce, rocoto sauce. Sauces were delish. Everyone had their favorite one.*sides: rice cooked beautifully..subtle flavor from seasoning. I never knew white rice could be seasoned like this and I'm asian! string beans good. French fries crisp..thin like mcd's. *sangria- I heard from friends it wasn't very strong..Overall a GREAT choice if you have 10+ people to choose prefixe. And you will like the food. Food served quickly but servers could be more friendly... I would definitely return.
nice peruvian place. the highlight was the pollo a la brasa. delicious and reasonably priced, it also came with 3 sauces and 2 sides. they also do a great pisco sour.
My favorite for Peruvian food. Forget that it's the only place I know for Peruvian, it's still a neighborhood gem."I'd like the half chicken please" "What sides would you like with that?""It comes with sides?!""Yes, two""TWO?! (sigh) I love you."I love the Yuka Fritas, (so I get 2 orders for the sides) it's like eating a fried cloud-like pillow. So light and airy inside with just the right amount of crisp on the outside.You have to get the chicken, the half is perfect for 2 ppl. The mixed veggies are just ok, if you must have veggies, then fine... go ahead, but it's uneventful.I've had the ceviche (very good) the beef heart (also good) and the beef with the frites (also very good) So pretty much everything on the menu is good. Slightly on the salty side, but pair it with a Costa Rican beer and you are right as rain my friend.
We ordered a whole chicken between 4 people, yuca fries, empanadas and ceviche (can't remember which one). Everything was amazing. The chicken was very tender. The yuca fries were perfectly crispy on the outside and, never having eaten yuca before, I liked the fleshy likeness between potato and taro. The ceviche was delicious as well, though I've only had ceviche 2 other times. It tasted fresh and had really good flavor--not overwhelmed with lemon. Empanadas--nothing to complain about here! I enjoyed the dipping sauces too. The chimichurri was my favorite sauce of the 3. One tip is to make reservations because this place gets packed!
The roasted chicken and sides were EXCELLENT. I couldn't stop scraping the food off of my plate!! The arroz con frijoles was SOOO TASTY!! Sangria was pretty decent-- not strong but fruity! The reason why this didn't get five stars is because of the service. We were RUSHED out of there. There were at least two waiters who came to our table every minute to ask if they could take our plates. I understand it's busy and you're trying to get through tables but I don't think that's appropriate and/or good customer service. Be prepared to be shooed out but the food is tasty!
Limon probably serves up one of the best rotisserie chickens in SF. It is not as good as my beloved Flor de Mayo in NYC, but comparable. The yucca fries as well as the sweet potato fries were crispy yet moist inside. They make a perfect side dish for the juicy and well seasoned chicken. $18 for a whole chicken is a little steep (considering $5 gets you one at costco) but the quality and the dining experience makes it well worth it. If you need an appetizer, the empanadas are amazing. They are stuffed with fillings but with crispy shells. I would happily go back. BTW, the drinks are way too sweet. Crazy sweet. For a nice companion to the savory dishes, I would say get something with a bit more sour or a dry liquor and then get something sweet for dessert.I will be coming back for sure.
My friend recommended this place and I absolutely loved it. It is a few blocks off from the Mission "strip" but totally worth making a trip to. My friend and I started our lunch with the Ahi Tuna Tartare with rocoto-ponzu dressing, capers and wonton crisps. Extremely flavorful and fresh. YUM! We shared the half rotisserie chicken with Yuca Fritas and Tacu Tacu sides. The chicken was so juicy and tender. I was a bit hesitant about this dish as I don't like to rip meat off the bone with my fingers (not classy when you get chicken under your nails) but I was easily able to work the chicken with my knife and fork. The yuca fries were simple but tasty - crisp on the outside, soft and warm in the inside. I still don't know what was inside the Tacu Tacu...some kind of rice and POWERFUL YUMMY seasonings...but it was DELICIOUS. I would definitely get that again. You get two dipping sauces...I still don't know which I like more. We washed everything down with a refreshing mango lemonade...YUMMY! It was a bit quiet for lunch...so I would love to go back during dinner when it's more loud and lively.
great spot! everything, i mean everything is great!
I celebrated my birthday over at Limn Restaurant back in February and ever since I left, I'd been having inappropriate thoughts about the chicharrones de pollo. When I was up in the city on Memorial Day, I was debating what to get when a light bulb went off in my head--why not Peruvian? There's no Peruvian down in Monterey, and my palate had been itching for something different. I made a beeline to Limn. I figured I'd pop into Limn's rotisserie on Van Ness instead of the more formal restaurant on Valencia. The setting might be more casual, but the food was no less tasty. I got a seat at the bar without any wait, but it was later in the afternoon, around 2:30, after the lunchtime rush.I started with the chicharrones de pollo, of course, along with veggie empanadas, then decided to try the quarter rotisserie chicken for the main event. (Don't worry, I wasn't feasting on all that food by myself--I had help from a friend.)The chicharrones were just as tasty as I remembered. The chicken meat was fried and crispy, yet tender inside. I could have easily gotten another couple orders of these, but reason--and fears of heart failure--prevailed.The empanadas were so light and fluffy outside, the fried dough cradling lots of flavorful veggies inside. The filling had a nice kick of spice to it.I'd had both the chicharrones and the empanadas before, but the chicken was new territory for me. Sweet Jesus--that might have been the best roasted chicken I've eaten in years! The chicken skin was crispy and flavorful; the meat juicy and tender, just falling off the bone. The quarter portion was easily enough to split between two people, especially since it comes with two sides. (We tried the fries and the rice--the fries were cut thin, just how I like them; the rice was very flavorful and cooked to perfection.)And of course I paired lunch with a bottle of Limn's chicha morada soda, Inca Blu, made from Peruvian purple corn with hints of citrus and cinnamon. It's a sweet, but savory, soda that was the perfect complement for Peruvian food.And service was great. The bartender was friendly and helpful, even letting me buy a six-pack of the bottled Inca Blu chicha morada to take back home to Monterey. (I was going to share with my friends, but wound up hoarding most of it for myself. Oops.)I'll definitely keep Limn Rotisserie at the top of my list when I want a nice casual lunch next time I'm in the city.
I love this place, the chicken is delicious. It's tender, flavorful and the sauces OH MY GOD YUM! I have had all of the sides and really I don't think I can complain about any of them. Just try them all!They also serve good sangria and ceviche. If nothing else try the ceviche, the nice strips of marinated fish in lime juice with onion...yummmm.I dont want to recap what everyone else here has said since it's all been said but really it is good.
This place is pretty good. Expect traditional peruvian fare here. Unfortunately I wasn't really so much of a fan of their fries... and when you get pollo a la brasa you need awesome fries. The salad was nothing like the Peruvian side salads either, and I'm sure they just wanted to accommodate for their American clientele, but other then that the pollo was amazing! The service was great, too.
Went here on a Wednesday for dinner. We had a reservation, but probably could have gotten in anyways, even though the place was busy.Loved it. We got half a chicken with yuca fries and vegetables salteados, and the lomito. The chicken was great, moist, falling apart tender and the dipping sauces were great. The lomito was fantastic and has little french fries stuck right it. The beef was very tender. Loved the yuca fries and veggies.Great food, very reasonable prices, too.
I have to give this place 5 stars because of the service, food and drinks! I came here for a friends birthday party on Wednesday night. They took us downstairs into almost an under gound cellar type thing....Well actually, it was. We sat at a large table and we started to drink sangria. They brought it wound by the pitchers. Before I knew it, we were doing the preset menu! First we had ceviche with fish, shrimp and calamari and a tuna tartar. Both AMAZING. Then we had fries, with a steak dish, followed by HUGE ROTISSERIE chickens. They melted i your mouth. I was in awe. There was SOO much food for all of us and the service was very attentive. Next to us there was a huge 50th birthday party with a mariachi band and dancing, so it was pretty entertaining to watch. My recommendation: Go with 10 people or more to qualify for the prefix menu. You will love it all! Sangria is great too!
Believe the hype people, this place is fabulous. Like its more-established Limon cousin, Limon Rotisserie does not disappoint. We planned a dinner here after a 12-hour drive post Thanksgiving left us with nothing to eat in the house after a long Monday workday. Just a quick walk from the 24th street bart station and right to a table, no waiting.A friendly host and friendly, fast service. Appetizer (ceviche) was fabulous. Rotisserie Chicken and accompanying sauces were a delight. Short ribs were amazing, and that side where it's like beans and rice put together in a ball was awesome! Add to that two glasses of sangria and walking out for $30 and you have yourself two regular customers.PS...for us north beach relocators it's FABULOUS to find a good chicken place to rival Il Pollaio this side of market street.
Limon is definitely a fun place to go. Tons of delicious dishes and always fun to share amongst friends. This was my 3rd time going, and the chicken was really good this time. Honestly, the last two times the chicken was really dry. I do not at all agree that the chicken is the best thing here. Best items by far: Pescado ceviche, truffle macaroni and cheese and the chocolate cake dessert. Get those 3 among other dishes and you wont be disappointed. The -2 stars is because I don't think the chicken is all that it's cracked up to be. Not a juicy 5 star chicken. Also, the place is paaaacked all the time. Waited 30 minutes after our reservation time, and got seated under the air conditioner downstairs. Worst part was that it was dripping over my side of the table the entire time. They also brought out the wrong type of empenadas 3 times. You would think that they would leave the beef empenadas after giving it to us 3 times, but each time they just took it back. We cut into them to see the inside, and after asking if they just throw the food out, he said of course not... so... are they cooking us the wrong order so they can eat it themselves? Seems fishy after the first time...Food is pretty damn good, atmosphere of sharing delicious dishes with your friends is great, service is usually stellar, but very off that night. Wish I could give it 5 stars, but no apologies for the dripping air conditioner and wrong food killed it. The dessert was the only reason why we were able to end on a good note.
Biggest down fall: after the meal we stayed to talk with our friends. I checked to make sure no one was waiting for our table, they never came over to see if we wanted water.
The wait is horrendous, and Limon does not allow call-ahead waitlisting.I think I could have forgiven the badly-estimated wait-time provided by the hostess if our subsequent experience was somewhat less-to-be-desired.On that particular evening the restaurant seemed to suffer from an overflow of bussers but not enough waitstaff. Once we were finally seated after a little over an hour (the hostess had initially told us 20-30 minutes) ... we continued to wait for about 10 minutes, not getting so much as a glass of water... one busser told me he would chase our server down, but ultimately I had to go up to the hostess and ask if we could place our orders.And the food? Yes, delicious, but on certain instances, a bit too oversalted. We chose the ceviche mixto (like standard Limon ceviches - well balanced and delicious); the Anticucho grilled beef hearts (a little tough, but flavourfui); the pollo chicharrones (tasty crispy chicken - probably could have been better with a little skin); and yes, 1/2 of the Pollo a la Brasa... we were pleased to see that the roasted chicken did come with skin, slatthered all over with a complex melange of spices and saltiness. Paired with the bland Tacu-Tacu, it was fine; the vegetales salteados tasted like an asian dish -- a veggie stir-fry with black bean sauce that was, yes, too salty! Perhaps we should have gone for the yucca fries instead...I'm not in the greatest hurry to return.
3rd time dining here and time to rave. Went to regular Limon and you can see review there - was not impressed.Ambiance - upstairs is better, downstairs (basement) feels a bit clubish and not my style. I prefer windows and some natural light. They take reservations! Tapas style so recommend a group of 4 (been with parties of 2 and 6 before, 4 is best). Prices are more than reasonable. Their main dish is obviously their Rotisserie chicken - it's a must. The chicken is marinated and very juicy when served. comes with 3 dipping sauces all amazing. Also served with 2 sides - go for the yuca fries (about 6 larger sized fries, pretty unique)Small plates - ceviche (fish and shrimp), truffle mac and cheese, Tuna Tartar, empanadas (carne) are all musts. Limito saltado worth a try. Ceviche is by far my favorite!Sangria pitchers pretty solid deal - LARGE pitchers hence party of 4 a good size. All those tapas, whole chicken, 2 pitchers - $35 a person and had plenty of food.Service is decent - never been blown away but worth going back again and again!
I heard about this restaurant from a friend, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it out before the Erykah Badu concert we were going to attend (which was amazing, btw). It was a Friday night and we made reservations for 6:30 a few days before, but we were running late and they were able to accommodate us and switch it to a 7:15 reservation. We couldn't get a table any later than that, and when we had finished eating we noticed a lot of people waiting outside the door, so I do recommend you make reservations ahead of time.On to the food: we ordered the Ceviche Mixto, Pollo a la Brasa with Tacu Tacu and Papas Fritas, and the Aguadito de Pollo. We also got a pitcher of sangria to share between the two of us, which made us happy :)The Ceviche Mixto was amazing! Probably one of the best ceviches I've had. The flavoring was done just right and was a perfect appetizer to start off the dinner.The Pollo a la Brasa is what people come here for, right? Well, I can definitely see why! The chicken was flavorful and moist, and all the sauces it came with were delicious and it was difficult to choose which flavor I wanted for that particular bite of chicken. I do wish the sides were a little bit bigger, though. The Tacu Tacu was yummy and the fries were... well, they were fries, but they were good fries nonetheless.Why am I giving this place only 4 stars? The Aguadito de Pollo and the service.The Aguadito de Pollo was supposed to be spicy, but wasn't really at all (the ceviche was spicier, and that's not saying much). It also lacked flavor; perhaps some salt, maybe? This was my first time experiencing Peruvian food so I expected more from spicy soup on a cold night, and quite frankly I was disappointed.Though the service was very attentive, no one was particularly friendly (the hostess at the door wouldn't even smile at us when we walked in) and we definitely felt like we were being rushed when we were finishing up our sangria and [attempting] to finish up the soup. It started to make me feel a little bit edgy and it ruined the mood a little bit, but not so much that it ruined my entire dining experience there.All in all, a great place for dinner and drinks and I would definitely recommend it. We'll be back, SF!
A solid 4 .5 stars for Limon Rotisserie. I'm thrilled with the quality and friendliness of this place and have been a big fan of the restaurant Limon since its days on 17th street. The only reason I have deducted a half star is because I wish the menu had a few more items (it's OK that they don't have a liquor license yet). My friend and I had dinner for under $30.00 each (tip included), which I felt was a good bang for the buck. What we had:Ceviche Mixtos - excellent. Limon makes the best ceviche I've ever had!Beef heart - I was nervous about this dish, but it was excellent.Bavette steak was excellent too.Some kind of fried chicken dish with a dipping sauce which was very good, but not my favorite. Bread pudding with ice cream and pineapple - excellent. 3 glasses of sangriaThe food was GREAT, the restaurant is cute and modern and the service was extremely friendly and efficient. I will definitely be returning.
Best sangria in the city
The rotisserie chicken is freaking awesome here! It really is the star here so if you come here, this is a must. No wonder it made the the Big Eat SF list.Whether you decide to go with the 1/4, 1/2 or whole chicken you get two free sides with each order. When I finally got the chicken and tasted it for the first time it blew me away. Skin had a strong punch of flavor followed by a juicy moist chicken meat cooked to perfection. Not only was the chicken perfect but they served it with these three sauces that I couldn't get enough of. I'm still not sure what these sauces were but I didn't really care - all that mattered to me was it complemented the chicken perfectly! Being that I'm a ketchup and chicken kind of girl, it says a lot that I didn't even once think of asking the waiter for ketchup. Sauces and chicken were that good!Really enjoyed my chicken here at Limon. Can't wait to bring other friends here!
Came here for dinner and shared the half-chicken with the veggies and sweet potato fries on the side, the ceviche mixto, and the veggie empanadas. Tasty food at reasonable prices has me wanting to come back and try more of their menu!
I like this place. I came here for the sole purpose of trying the roast chicken. My bf and I ordered half a chicken with yucca fries and green beans, as well as ceviche, and truffle mac and cheese. We also ordered a pitcher of sangria. The pitcher of sangria came to the table in a very large pitcher, I mean large. Five minutes later all our food came out, it was almost too fast. My bf and I didn't even get a chance to enjoy a glass of sangria.Anyways the chicken was moist and very flavorful. The sides and ceviche was fantastic as well. The mac and cheese was a little disappointing, it lacked salt and it didn't have enough truffle power. But I had a bite of the chicken with skin on and mac and cheese and it was perfect! The the salty skin of the chicken and the mac and cheese made for the perfect bite. Yum yum yum. For dessert we ordered the panna cota which was light and creamy, not overly sweet. A perfect way to end this meal.The bill was very reasonable. The most expensive thing was the sangria. The only downside is it is hard to get to by public transportaion or at least coming from cow hollow. But I can't wait to go back!
This would have been 4 stars BUT our server was a bit rude. I probably asked some basic Spanish words ... and he seemed exasperated that he had to tell me what Arroz (I know! Sorry!) and Tacu - Tacu means. But hey im still a customer right? Chicken was good. Sauces are a must try. My sweetie's craving for yucca fries definitely hit the spot too.
Too. Salty. EVERYTHING. The chicken, the sides. EVERYTHING. Meh. I couldn't handle it. Pluses: good service, nice space though awkward location, takeout for chicken (at this location only), full bar, fast.To be honest, I didn't mind the fact that I had to pay so much because the portion size was generous. I think this is SF twisting my perception though. While waiting/after eating/not finishing my food, all I could think about were all the much more deliciously awesome and CHEAP, south american roast chicken places in LA. I wish they'd open one up here.
I finally managed to pay a visit to Limon Rotisserie last weekend and am a fan. I've been craving Yuuca fries for eternity and seriously needed to have my craving fixed! I was definitely pleased with the crispy & crunchy Yucca fries here so much that I ordered an additional order on top of the order that came with the 1/2 chicken.The 3 dipping sauces that accompanied the 1/2 chicken was tasty and complimented the chicken and Yucca fries as well. The chicken was tender and tasty just the way I remembered it when I lived in Manhattan where I was first exposed to Peruvian food! Ah how I miss those days!Thankfully, Limon Rotisserie is able to fulfill my Yucca fries craving! The one issue my dining mate & I had was with our server who seemed a bit abrupt and disappeared for a while. We were there around 630pm on a Sunday eve and although there were other patrons there, there was no wait, hence the -1*.
It's against my personal gastronomical code to order chicken at a restaurant, but I had to make an exception for the rotisserie chicken at Limon. After hearing so much about it from friends (and having really good roast chicken from Roli Roti) I was actually even looking forward to it.I came here for lunch on a rainy Sunday afternoon. The latin music they played helped me forget about the crappy weather outside. We were hungry from walking all the way from Nob Hill (crazy, right?) so it was a good thing all our food came out super fast. And, as usual, we ordered way too much food for 2 people.We started with the CEVICHE MIXTO (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw) which came with red snapper, squid, and shrimp. The leche de tigre they use in the ceviche was nicely balanced and not overly acidic but the seafood itself was bland and not marinated very well. Next was the AGUADITO DE POLLO (chicken rice soup, yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw). The flavours were good and there was a lot of chicken, but unfortunately, there was even more salt--so much so that my tongue hurt :(Not exactly the greatest start to our meal but then things took a turn for the better. The ROTISSERIE CHICKEN (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw) lived up to expectations. (Well, at least the dark meat did!) It was juicy, tender, and seasoned perfectly. I barely touched the aji sauces it was served with since it was already so flavourful. The white meat wasn't nearly as moist, but that's to be expected. Being a big fan of all organ meats I ordered the GRILLED BEEF HEART SKEWERS too (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw). I absolutely loved the tender, smoky, slightly iron-y and delicious heart pieces!We also got 4 sides: SWEET POTATO FRIES (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw), TACU TACU (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw), VEGETABLES SALTADO (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw), and YUCCA FRITES (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw). These were all incredible! The sweet potato fries were salted nicely and so crispy. I liked the tacu tacu (seasoned beans and rice balls that are deep fried) even though I'm normally not a fan of rice and beans. The vegetables had this amazing smoky aroma and the flavours reminded me of a Chinese stirfry. The yucca fries were like deep-fried sticks of mashed yucca--crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Although they were a little bland they were absolutely incredible with the smoky sauce from the vegetables.Because a meal isn't complete without dessert we got the CHOCOLATE BANDIDO (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw) and panna cotta. I was happy with both of these. The molten center of the warm chocolate cake oozed out beautifully as I cut into it (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw). It was intensely chocolately--and would satisfy any chocaholic--but got a little too sweet for me halfway through. The PANNA COTTA (yelp.com/biz_photos/r7Rw) was a little lighter. It had a really nice creamy texture and was amazing with the deliciously refreshing strawberries and mango sauce.After this lunch I was in a huge food coma. But not to worry, I woke up in time for dinner =P
Came here with a friend. The food overall is okay.
I have been here twice now and this location continues to crush it. Only issue is that sometimes the service can be quite slow/inconsistent.Drinks: the south american cocktails are pretty great. Had a well made manhattan as wellFoods:Best - Roast chicken, truffle mac and cheese, yuca fries, special beef tongue (had never had some so tender as it is braised overnight apparently then seared)Very good - lomo saltado, sweet potato friesMight not do next time - Ceviche (it was nothing special)
Went here on a Friday night with a big group of friends. It was reasonably easy to get a last minute reservation for a group of 8 so that's a plus. The ambiance is fun and a bit on the louder side, but that was great for us since we would have been that obnoxious loud group at a quieter place. The food here is great. The ceviche, roasted chicken and hanger steak were my favorites. The place looked liked it would turn into a lounge later that night, but we didn't stay long enough to find out. Overall, a solid meal.
go with a larger group so you can order a bunch of different items...the menu is good and once you look at it you'll want to order basically everything on it!numero uno...rotisserie chicken...don't ask questions, thank me later...the seafood here is fresh, delicious...shrimp/fish civeche...bomb diggity...light flavors, crisp and the seafood is high qualityahi tartar...yup, classic, delicious, freshSHORT RIBS...i really should have put this under the rotisserie chicken as numero dos..super super good...tender, cooked well...but there really isn't anything ever bad with short ribs...u really gotta try to screw those up!atmosphere is clean, friendly, slightly more upscale for the mission that what the mission used to be but not really hipster which is niceoooh yeah...get the sangria...buy the pitcher!
OMFG!!! Loved it... Everything was really tasty... Of course, you can hardly go wrong when you serve me Peruvian food but this place definitely delivered! Came here to celebrate my wedding anniversary with my wife and happened to bring our baby along. I was a little skeptical at first but I did see on Yelp that it said Kids are welcome... As we were seated in the downstairs lounge, I was a little worried cause the downstairs area was like a nightclub lounge with square ottomans and low tables and even had a DJ spinning some cool tunes but I was quickly relieved when I saw some other kids at the next table which was a large group. And it was funny cause, later in our meal, another table got seated on our other side, and there were 3 kids in that party as well. Onto the food. So I guess they are famous for their Rotiserrie Chicken here. So of course, we had to try that as our main course. As some have stated, it is a bit salty. But since my taste buds tend to favor saltier food, it was right up my alley. We also ordered their Yucca fries and some veggies as our side dishes to the Chicken and both were very good.  Ceviche and lomo soltado rounded out our meal. The Ceviche was excellent while the lomo saltado I think I would prefer at other places. Their lomo saltado was tender though which I actually thinks means the meat is supposedly more quality but I actually prefer my beef not as tender. Definitely will come here again at some point and probably will be bringing a group with me the next time around as they have some very reasonable prix fixe deals.
Great food, super affordable and nice laid-back atmosphere. They have lots of healthy options, especially for low-carb eaters. We loved the rotisserie chicken and yucca fries. Great place to go out with a small group of friends and shared small plates!
I went here last night we had an 8:30 reservation. There was practically a line out the door when we arrive.. super busy! The food was amazing, we ordered the Ceviche Mixto, Carne Emapandas and the Half Chicken with vegetables and Tacu Tacu. The pacing of the meal was not great , everything came out all at once which made it a tight squeeze at our small 2 person table. They actually forgot about the Ceviche Mixto.. at first I thought it would come out later but it never came. At the time it was fine we had enough as it was.. so I didnt mention it. Then we had to wait 20 minutes to get a desert menu and the only reason we got it at that time was because I flagged down another server. We ordered the Profiteroles which were delish. The waitress took our plates and said "wow that was fast".. which I found rude.. something more appropriate would have been "O I can see you hated the desert" if you want to joke around. We waited and waited some more.. then I flagged down another server for the check. When I got the check to my surprise it had the Ceviche Mixto.. so I got up and went to the bar where our server was who did look at me and saw me there but continued to do something else. So I had to tell the bartender .. " We ordered this but never got it so can you please remove it from the bill". I went back to our table while he took care of it. Then the waitress looks pissed and just drops it back off at our table without saying ANYTHING. At that point I was frustrated, its no big deal I didn't really care but do not give me attitude for your mistake.. an apology would have been nice. Overall the food was wonderful but the service was not. At some point maybe I will try again and see if the experience is different.. Would have been 5 stars if not for the service.
Decent food, good ambience. The pisco sours are fun.
Service was horrible. We had a party of 9 and the customer service was horrible. We felt bc the party was big enough they didn't have to work too hard for a tip. We had to ask for our own chairs, drinks, silverware and plates. We were even charged for extra plate that we didn't order. The only time we saw our waitress was to place our order and to give us the bill.The manager and the staff had a big discussion to provide us with plates and silverware for the custom made cake that was brought to celebrate our friends 50th bday. No policies were informed to us prior to bringing the cake, and the cake got there way before our party did. For being in the customer service industry, this was by far the worse I have ever been treated and at a restaurant. The food was great...compliments to the chef, but the front of house needs a lot of work. Sent out an Email to the manager in regards to our horrible experience, and I've yet to hear from him, shows how much they don't care about the diner's experience. Hopefully they'll fix the problems at hand and we can return and have a better experience at some point. But until then, I will not recommend or return to this location. I will get my Peruvian fix elsewhere.
My new favorite restaurant in SF. This rotisserie is the bomb. Great atmosphere, cool people, inexpensive but upscale. Sure you have to wait to get a seat sometimes...because its amazing and everyone wants in. But I always call in a half hour early to make a reservation, and walk in and am seated almost instantly. The hostesses are always really nice.The lounge down below is way cool. Colored lights, couch seating and table seating...full bar...the works. I want to have a chicken party down there. Up top you can see the rotisserie and fire and the cooks and it adds to the hip atmosphere. Speaking of chicken...theirs is the best I've had in the city. And I normally don't even eat meat. They changed me. It's so tender and tasty, and the seasoning...wow. Half a chicken is enough for two people, and you could get a side of yuca fries (with the most amazing dipping sauces) and the cost comes out to like under ten dollars a person. If I lived closer, I'd eat here every day.
Quick tip: Don't sit downstairs in the basement. Service is horrible and food comes out all at once and way too fast. And it literally feels like you're a basement that is poorly decorated. Been to Limon 4 times now. The first 2 times, it was awesome. The last 2 times, it was mediocre. The service seems to be getting worse and worse. But the food has been consistently good. My parents were visiting me from out of town last week and I took them to Limon. We ordered a salad, the veggie empanada and the rotisserie chicken with sweet potato fries & tacu tacu as our sides. Everything (and I mean everything) came out all at once. By the time we finished eating our salad, our other plates were cold. The last time I was here, the same thing happened. They really need to work on their timing. Now on to the food:- Rotisserie chicken: Tender & flavorful. Comes with 2 sides. My favorites are the sweet potato fries and tacu tacu. I also love the 3 dipping sauces that come with the chicken! Don't be afraid to ask for more of the sauces!- Veggie empanada: perfectly fluffy & toasty dough filled with cheese. - Salads: tried both of the salads and they are nothing special.In summary:Ambiance: 4/5Service: 2/5Food: 4/5
Were I a Peruvian transplant looking for the loving embrace from my abuela, I'd sock this chef right in the throat. Had this place been labeled an "American" or "fusion" restaurant, you would see more stars from me. Ay dios mio, San Francisco! Comida Tipica Peruana? No! Moving on. If you are a Frisco hipster who likes the crowded bar vibe, cares about how cutting edge your food is displayed, if you are pairing your Armani Exchange hoodie with your Banana Republic cardigan that is smartly draped and knotted across your shoulders, this is for you. If you enjoy meeting friends for dinner while smashing your Louis Vuitton satchel against the man-bag owned by a metro sexual man whooping it up on his I-phone, have a seat at the bar and enjoy baby. If you are longing for traditional Peruvian food delivered by a loving family, do not enter. If you like Peruvian influenced food? This is a good place, albeit it crowded, with tasty food of the great value variety. Fans of this establishment, cool your jets! You would probably give less than five stars to my favorite Peruvian restaurant in the bay area too! Damn you guys! I've had the roast chicken, all of the various sides, the braised short ribs and so on. Braised short ribs? In Peru? Anyway. The chicken is a mammoth, Schwarzenegger-sized bird who has obviously been hitting the juice. It is tasty, much like most good roast chicken. It comes with several dipping sauces which are at least influenced by Peruvian cuisine and large enough to share if you are so inclined. *Watch out gluten free friends! Chifas and saltados are traditionally made with soy sauce and are off limits for us :-( The braised short ribs are tasty and shreddy to the fork, set amidst crunchy baby carrots and veg. Crunchy Baby carrots! In Peruvian dishes? I digress. The mango lemonade is delicious and a good example of the hybrid style of this restaurant. I have never seen this drink's existence in South America ;-) but it is good nonetheless. This ambiance is really not to my liking though I imagine it a welcome landing place for Ed Hardy lovers while exiting your fresh vespa on the way to the next power meeting. Now, now! *insert coy giggle here* Chef, fans and fellow South American food lovers, I know a little basement spot on Grand Ave. *whispers* (golden Inka) that does what this place does not and that is serve traditional Peruvian food if you are ever in the mood. Traditional Peruvian cuisine is influenced by Spain in stews and soups (caldos and secos), Italy with pasta and by Chinese immigrants in methods and ingredients. Chifas, is the popular Peruvian fried rice dish. But, the indigenous influenced my favorite elements of traditional Peruvian cooking with an unmistakable rustic element and produce indigenous to the Amazon region like yucca, purple corn and yellow cherries. . My paisley pink dress stands out here, my indigenous handmade purse is not appreciated and I can't hear my friends. it is hip, very tasty and a good value. That should get them five stars right? Would you buy a hamburger at a Chinese restaurant? A burrito at a Kosher deli? Crunchy baby carrots! Here is a traditional Peruvian recipe of mine taught to me by a family friend, made gluten free by me, mary b! Aji de Gallina (garlic chicken) brown together I lb. cubed boneless chicken thighs, 1 chopped white onion, 4 chopped garlic cloves, add salt and pepper to taste ( a little MSG) if you want authenticity ;-) Food processor: One cup heavy cream, 1/4 cup walnuts, 1/4 cup queso fresco (fresh cheese) 1 table spoon chicken bouillon (Maggi is a good Latin brand) 1/2 teaspoon fresh black pepper, 1/2 teaspoon turmeric and blend. *Add a little milk if it is too thick. Pour this mixture over chicken when it is almost cooked, cover and simmer for five minutes more or until chicken is thoroughly cooked and sauce is just bubbling.. Garnish with hard boiled egg slices and cilantro. Serve with white rice, green salad and MUY picante aji verde. VERY hot green salsa!
This place is a bit further out from the core of SF city but it worth the commute. It is one of my favorite restos in SF because I love small plates and their food is generally delicious. I say generally bc there has been several occasions when the food was heavily oversalted. Generally my favorites are the rotiserrie chicken, any of the ceviches, the lomito and the yucca fries. The food here is pretty unique and def not your run of the mill stuff. This place is great for big parties. I have done several birthday dinners here. The prices are fairly reasonable.
The food here is definitely different and yums. It's nothing to crazy or spectacular, but with all the sauces and meals combined it creates the perfect combination for a meal. I love the Sangria! I think everything tastes even better once you have started sipping on the Sangria for awhile ;) This place is group for a large group since the best way to try everything is family style. I would definitely recommend this place that everyone must try!Cons: It gets way too crowded here on the weekends. One time we made reservations and they had us wait for an hour. Even though my group was pretty mad, the owner was very kind an apologetic to us and gave us a free pitcher of Sangria. I would come here on a weekday instead.
5 stars for their chicken. $10 for a half a chicken, three delicious sauces and 2 decently sized sides, and on top of that it tastes really really good, WOW! Ceviche has been great at time and other times good. I personally thought the meat in the lomita dish was chewy, but beef is not my thing.
A-MAZING FOOD. PERIOD.Great service (party of 8 can get a little hectic=)), great food! We ordered a little of everything and i was so stuffed at the end of our dinner but all was worth it. i want to go there again as soon as possible, i am craving their food, atmosphere and late hours..food is , oh boy, really good!yea parking in the mission is always a hassle (we got lucky on a Sunday night) but worth the trip. trust me. i never really had Peruvian food before and i am curious if any other Peruvian joint can top this one....just.go.here. you must get the rotisserie chicken, Catalpa (pinot noir), sweet potato fries, vegetales, chichurang~(probably spelled wrong) fried chicken..etc.etc.!!
+ Good for groups - I came here for a good friend's birthday dinner last weekend. The main area is small and packed, but they have a downstairs lounge-y type of area with even a DJ spinning (not as strange nor as loud as it sounds, I swear!) that has more room to accommodate groups. ** Make reservations! **+ Food - since we were a group of 16, we all decided to split 3 plates of whole chickens and order some plates and sides to try a little bit of everything else. Chicken was tasty, but a little on the salty side for me. The accompanying sauces, though, were amazing.+ Ceviche - Holy ceviche! You must get one or all of their ceviche dishes. Fresh, lots of lime flavor, delicious.+ Bomb ass sangria - can't. stop. drinking.+ Overall fun place that's good for groups and for dates (just might be a bit loud inside)** If you're in a group, they only accept 2 cards to be split for the bill so make sure most of the people in your group has cash!
I'm rating this restaurant based on service, food, and ambiance! We had dinner reservations at 7pm and they held our table even though we were ten mins. late. It was packed! I scored parking right across the street, even though it can be tricky in the Mission.We started out with a sangria. Then, the waitress came by with 3 types of dipping sauces. One was a spicy sauce, the other one was a chimichurrie sauce, and the last one was a mayo based sauce. This is a tapas place, so it was nice to try all these small plates. All the ingredients and flavors rubbed me the right way. We ordered the 4 piece rotisserie chicken. You have to try their rotisserie chicken which is a signature dish here! Also, we got the fish and shrimp ceviche, side of rice, tuna tartare, and side of fries. The ambiance is great here and a fun date place! We skipped desserts here and walked down the st. for gelato. I will definitely come back here with friends.
I've been to this Peruvian restaurant several time. It's by far my favorite Peruvian restaurant in SF. I love the aroma as I open the door. I always start off with their yummy Sangria because there is always a wait even with a rsvp.I'd totally recommend the Yuca Fries, Chicken, and sirloin strips. I'm not too crazy with their ceviche though.
If you're choosing between this location and the one on Valencia, go to this one, the Rotisserie, it's better.Love that they have an entire downstairs seating area complete with bar that's kind of lounge-y... it's a good place to come with friends, order a bunch of small plates and share. The 4-6 people lounge-like tables kind of feel like eating off a coffee table, but in a good way. For 2, if you're on a first, second, third date it might be best to sit upstairs. If you're into each other enough to want to be all up on each other in a tiny corner table, those are downstairs, too. Funny that I can't recall the name of my favorite thing ... it's a salad comprised of various root vegetables, beets and such. Wouldn't be hard to figure out. I'm also very into their ceviches. Portions are small, as far as tapas go. The yucca and sweet potato fries are pretty run of the mill, but they're great for sharing because they go a long way. Sangria, mojitos, both awesome. Better than their wine selection, so I may even suggest skipping the wine and ordering one of those off the bat.
Delishous! Best Sangria around!
My girlfriend brought me to Limon Rotisserie for my birthday last week. I honestly had no idea what to expect. When we arrived all I could see was how small the dinning area was and I though that it would be impossible to hear anything. The hostess then starts walking us to a back corner and takes us down stairs to what I suspect turns into the "Life of the Party" dance floor in the evening. It actually looked like a cool place to go have a few drinks and a good time.Anyway we sat down and began looking over the relatively small but diverse menu. We were not terribly hungry so we went for a few things from the small plates section. Some empanadas, fried seafood, and ceviche. In my opinion all of these were great and the plates were the perfect size to share. The prices seemed relatively reasonable. Definitely a place I will stop back in when I'm in the neighborhood.
Great place to have a food, their sauces are good. good wine too, just small of a place, have to be patient to wait for a table when is crowded, but worth the wait.
+: Very decent prices for tasty food+: good service+: chunky ceviche-: i feel like i can get the same chicken at costco-: weird fluorescent lighting downstairs-: no waiting area
One of my favorite places to eat. The beet salad, ribs, and ceviche I highly recommend! Service is also great. Parking around the area... Not so easy. The passion fruit pisco makes it all worth while though!
Ok, so I would've given this 1 star for service, but I couldnt get over how AWESOME the Lomito Saltado was. My wife is Peruvian and she loved it.Ok so we couldnt get a reservation til 930 pm.. no problem so we got there at 830 to start sippin Pisco Sours and Cristal early. 930 passes ... 10 pm passes and the table is NOT ready. @ precisely 10:20 the hostess comes down and tells us that our table is ready. Oh and not only did we get our table 50 mins later, but she had the nerve to tell us to "hurry b/c the kitchen closes at 10:30." So I spoke my mind on how stupid and inconsiderate this was. Maybe the Lomo Saltado was sooo good cause we were forced to spend almost 2 hrs at the bar.. needless to say I was pretty drunk when we sat down. "Irregardless" (word our waiter used) the Lomo Saltado was great.. even though there were 4 of us and we found out that the plate was a mini tapa plate. Ordered and by the time we were ready for more ... KITCHEN CLOSED
Misis & KiT wanted some Limon chicken for lunch, so we went, and that was how our San Francisco Sunday started today.Pretty small street-level dining area, so we were led to their sub-level dining area. It has the setting for after-hour nightlife scene, which explains the too-dark ambience with somewhat dingy smell. No matter. If misis and her SFGH colleagues say their chicken is really good, then who am I to argue? We had a whole chicken cut in eight pieces plus two sides. I also had some soup, Aguadito de Pollo.The rundown: DAMN good chicken! Seasoned very nicely, very moist, very delicious. The aji sauce trio went well with the chix. I especially dig the chimichurri sauce. Also had the chix with french fries & sweet potato fries. The former was standard but good, and the latter, well, come on! Sweet potato fries! Oh, yeah, the soup was good as well. The tab was equally impressive at just above $30 with three soda orders and tax included. Misis would even go as far as comparing the cost to Boston Market., though food and overall quality are certainly no match.We walked out full and very pleased. Gracias, Limon! That is how one say "thank you" in Peruvian, yes?
This place keeps bringing me back. The rotisserie chicken and ceviche are unparalleled. The lomo saltado was pretty dry and overcooked the last time I went, but every other time it was also a dish I would highly recommend.
Muy Delicioso! Loved the atmosphere. This is Peruvian food executed perfectly! If Tender meats and flavorful sauces are your thing than you'll love the food here.
Came here to celebrate one of my best friend's birthday! I never had Peruvian food before so I didn't know what to expect. The food was delicious!Ceviche de Pescado y Cameron - Didn't try the shrimp but the fish was yummy!Lomito Saltado was very good! Mmm juicy sirloin strips.Jalea - basically fried calamari with tartar sauce.Sweet potato fries - love!Yuca fries - huge potato fries. Ensalada Rusa - traditional Peruvian salad of potatoes and creamy sauce. yumm! And of course the whole chicken! The chicken was very juicy and flavored very well. The Aji sauces that came with it are great to dip the chicken in for even more flavor.Just be warned the portions are quite small even though these dishes are meant to be family style. And parking sucks. Otherwise, this would have been 5 stars.
woo hoo jackpot!We arrived here last friday night around 8:00 and got seated as we step in to the resto. Friendly host and servers and the ambiance was perfect. Food arrived fast and so YUMMY! Me and the bf ordered half of the chicken...soo good, and we got the side of Yuca fries and mixed vegetables, we also got he hanger steak...cooked perfectly (medium rare), and we got the ceviche as well HELLA GOOD! and of course had extra room for some of that Bandido cake...it was a full table for two and yes we finished everything and their sangria is a must when you're going to dine in. The bill came out to $50 not bad ;)I wanna make a second trip to this place...love LIMON!
My new favorite eatery in SF. The BEST chicken ever. Also, the yucca fries and sauces are fantastic. Plus it's cheap and their purple corn drink is AMAZING. If my BF ate chicken I would shlep to the mission and eat here at least once a week. The servers WILL forget something you ordered, its usually crowded and there is 1 vegetarain item on the menu....but I don't care, it still gets 5 stars.
I've passed Limon so many times and always thought that I should go in. And nearly a year passes until I get my act together to actually get there. It's always the case isn't it?!I am so glad I finally made it. What a delicious ensemble of dishes Limon offers! There wasn't a single dish that we had that didn't evoke groans of pleasure. Tuna tartare was tasty with a lovely fire-y kick. The chicken was melt in the mouth. Vegetables were tasty... I could keep going. The desserts as well... those calories were so very warmly welcomed into my system. Service was attentive as well - with the free entertainment of a keystone-cops impression as the waiters tried to rearrange the mismatched furniture in order to accomodate a massive party that arrived shortly after we did. We ordered way too much for the two of us to eat so I won the doggy bag for the day, which made the odyssey of fabulous continue for lunch the following day.
We had dinner reservations for 4 on Friday night. No wait for our table. They make awesome Pisco Sours and Maracuya . The food is authentic (just back from Peru), reasonably priced, and fun to share. Tried 2 of their ceviche's, and both were amazing with great lime and spices. The paella was perfect, and the roasted chicken moist and flavorful. The only down we experienced was with our waiter, Carlos. He must have missed the class on customer friendliness and service. I get "we're busy", but hey, just stop by once in a while to check on us with a smile. We had to keep asking for water, for our extra spices we ordered, and he never smiled.
Consistently good, reasonably priced Peruvian food. My favorites include the Ceviche mixto, chicharrones de pollo and the grilled beef heart skewers.
I love peruvian food and i tried every single spot in SF. I have couple of places that i really like to go when i crave for peruvian but Limon is by far the best one. I have never imagined myself daydreaming about these three sauces served by their signature rotisserie chicken. Ceviches are well marinated and hit the spot, prices are very reasonable and location is at the most happening corner (for both of the mission branches) Limon is a great find for me, period!
Chicken, chicken, chicken, chicken. Some mornings I wake up and find myself already thinking about Limon's rotisserie chicken. And if I start the day thinking of it, that probably means I am going to spend the rest of the day obsessing about it.... the chicken is that good. Ceviche is also worth stopping in for.The only downside is with take out. No matter how long the people tell you the order will take to be ready, you need to add at least 15-20 minutes to that estimate or you will be waiting a LOONNNGGGG time for your food.
Even with Limon shut down temporarily, you can still get your Peruvian fix here at the new Limon Rotisserie. Mostly tapas and roast chicken, it's cheaper than Limon the restaurant and since it's so new, it's not very crowded. At least on a Thursday night we walked in with a group of 9 and were able to get seats in 10-15 minutes. But who's counting with those yummy pitchers of sangria flowing (I'm really not sure how many we had but it must have been close to 1/2 a pitcher each). Really, the best sangria I've ever had.The food is okay to pretty good. I especially liked the ceviche and yucas fritas. The rotisserie chicken was okay, not any better than you can get at the grocery store. I would stick to the tapas plates.Bike Parking: bike racks in front of Pedal Revolution next door on 21st St.
I ate hear on Monday and really enjoyed it. The place is cute and there's also a basement and when I went there were quite a few birthday celebrations going on and was loud but it made the place fun. The food was great we ordered half chicken with beans/rice,-excellent it came with three sauces the green one and the yellow one was the best I cant remember what they were though (sorry) shrimp ceviche- this was ok, potatoe fries- really good, and this fried pork or chicken thing-excellent ..the desert was good too we got the chocolate soufflee type that was super rich and thick but edible :o) . Definitely a nice place to go with friends but not a place to have a romantic date,. Oh the mojito is good to ... so you should try it for yourself
Excellent food, wonderful service, and reasonable prices for what you get. This place is definitely worth checking out. For newcomers, the style is a bit odd- you order a few dishes and share them, and they just bring out each dish whenever it's ready. For two people, I recommend a half chicken and two of the sides, or just one if you don't want to take a box of food home. This was some of the most delicious food I've had in SF. Check it out!
The staff is very nice and attentive and the food is very good. Good selection and the rotisserie chicken is a must have. We also loved the Profiterole.
Was looking for a good new place to try and found Limon. We got here at about 5pm which was just before the dinner rush. Was helped right away. The service was very friendly and the atmosphere was relaxed and pleasant. We ordered the 1/4 Pollo Dark and the Esalada Rusa. Price was very reasonable at $20. Before we got our order the house chips and salsa were perfect! Our dishes arrived a bit later and the chicken was absolutely perfectly done! Mouth watering! Enjoyed the salad as well and the experience as a whole was memorable. We'll be back for sure!
Came here with the girls on a Saturday night. Don't be deceived by the limited seating on the first floor and think you're going to have to wait a long time to get seated. They actually have a huge basement seating area. The atmosphere was very lively and trendy. The food was delicious. I would definitely recommend the rotisserie chicken that comes with 2 sides and 3 different types of sauces. Make sure to also get the empanadas for appetizer. Great service, great food, good company. What else can you ask for?
I came here with some friends because we wanted to try something new. I found this place on yelp and thought it would be good. However, I did not find this place to be all that great. The food was really salty. The portions are not that big, but with it being so salty, I don't think you can eat too much of it. Don't think the food is worth the price.
The food here is pretty good, the atmosphere is not at all my style. It's like a Little Marina in the Mission. I went here on a Friday, and it was jam packed with a lot of snooty people. The bar is right next to the kitchen, so you can't really stand there with a drink while you wait for your table. The service was friendly but incredibly slow. The decor is kind of all over the place, like the restaurant can't decide what they are. A lot of the dishes that are intended to be shared aren't really designed well for sharing. Maybe I'd try it again when it's less crowded, but probably not. It's a shame that the bad experience of the restaurant ruins the amazing food.
A whole rotisserie chicken with two sides that feeds two adults for under $20? Bring it on! Their chicken is roasted to perfection. Even the breast meat is soft and tender, not dry and tough like most. And their sauces? YUM. They aren't cheap with it either. We got take out the other day and they gave us 3 containers of each sauce (a total of 6 sauces). The leftover sauces are worth saving to use again. Besides the chicken, I also LOVE their lomito saltado! Get a side of rice with it and you can't go wrong. Delicious food and reasonable prices...no wonder this place is always packed by 5 PM!
After hearing about how I have to try Limn, I've been here twice and the food is decent, but not as impressive as everyone seemed to have hyped it up to be. It could be that my palette does not go for Peruvian flavors.I've found that overall, the food tends to be salty and dry. Portions also tend to be on the small side (yes, I know they are small dishes and meant for sharing, but then the prices don't seem that reasonable if that is the case). The rotisserie chicken and the yucca fries are the safest dishes to get - both times they were good. The Chicharron de Pollo was too salty and so dry, I did not like this one at all. The Lomito Saltado was decent, but there was very little meat on the dish, and I also felt this was over salted. I've also had the ceviche, which was decent but not any better than other ceviches I've tried. It's also pretty loud, I almost lost my voice at the end of the dinner, and we were just a table of 4 (not a very large group).
Disclaimer: I am just not a fan of chicken. Yes, it can be done well, but most of the time is it just dry and tasteless to me.Came to Limon for a friend's birthday on a Sunday night. There were quite a few of us (13), but with a reservation we were seated downstairs and service was very efficient. We ordered family-style, with our waiter being spot-on with his recommendations (both quantity and which dishes). We got 2 whole chickens, a slew of side dishes, three orders of ceviche, two orders of empanadas and lomito saltado. My favorite was the tacu tacu (beans and rice fried balls).The chicken was pretty tasteless to me, with just an overwhelming salty flavor. I would have enjoyed more of the lomito saltado, but it was just one order to share among many, and by the time it got to me the fries had soaked up too much sauce and were just soggy. The side dishes were the best part of the meal, and the empanadas were also good. The fish in the ceviche was hard to chew, but the flavor was good.Even though service was fantastic, the main event was pretty disappointing. For a restaurant focused on their chicken, it disappointed.
Great spot for lunch. Split a half chicken with a friend, comes with 2 sides- we got yuca fries and tacu-tacu which was fantastic, and then a small plate of carne empanadas (which is two small empanadas). Come with tasty dipping sauces and paired with some light beers it was a perfect lunch for about $30. I would not hesitate to come back for afternoon deliciousness, seems like it can be packed for dinner.
Absolutely delicious Peruvian food! I came back again recently for a friend's special farewell dinner, and while we didn't have reservations, they seated us within 15 minutes. I didn't realize that there was plenty of seating downstairs, which looked like a trendy lounge with booths and tables. We started off with drinks - my staple sangria, which is nice and strong here, and freshly made strawberry lemonade. It was a perfect blend of sweet and sour.Our evening dinner consisted of: Ceviche Mixto - delicious and refreshingSeco de Costillas - braised short ribs were tender and hearty, with a beef stew flavorChicharron de Pollo - Limon's crispy chicken, wonderfully flavorful Half Chicken - Limon's staple rotisserie chicken, juicy and satisfying The service is friendly and welcoming, even though this place gets crowded on just a random Thursday evening for late dinners. After drinks and food, the bill was quite reasonable. Even though the plates are listed as "small", Limon serves good portions of food - no pretentious "tiny tapas" here. Just food you'll crave again every time you're in the Mission.
Good god, all the fuss over some chicken ... or so I thought until I had the roasted chicken at Limon Rotisserie. Mind you, I had to drive cross town during the rush hour through the maze of streets from Sunset to Mission, but it was so worth it because this chicken is like no other chicken I've ever had ... so tender, juicy, succulent, fall off the bone guuud! And it's marination was perfection! They give you 3 sauces on the side, but I didn't even bother trying them, as the chicken the way it was prepared was as good as it was going to get.The side dishes on the other hand could use a bit more flavor, but they were good accompaniment to the flavorful chicken. And LR is not all about the chicken as their tapas were equally as delish, esp. ceviche mixto & empanadas. The only downside was the service, which was a bit indifferent, and for such a nice restaurant, I'd hoped that the wait staff would be more courteous and attentive.
Pays to be on a diet! Our total bill was $28!! Yes, you heard that right!We split a half rotisserie chicken which I cannot even describe and which was better than I don't even know what! We also got the tuna tartara,Chicharron de Pollo (crispy pieces of chicken marinated)- sooo tasty! Next time we will double up and get two of this plate.....and believe it or not but we got a side of the vegetables and they were so amazingly delicious I almost forgot they were vegetables. Make a phone reservation, it helps get you to eating that chicken faster!
pro: i left, stuffed to the brim, and deposited a mere 20 dollar bill on the table. including tax, including tip. three course dinner. whaatt??!con: we waited. and waited. and waited for a table. with a reservation. (grumpy face).we were a group of six on a saturday night. arrived on time for our reservation, but due to some complications, the tables weren't open yet. you know, that's fine. people make reservations and don't show up. tables are sometimes unpredictable. however, the response was lackluster. we waited in the entrance way, then were (rudely) asked to leave the entrance way as our party was becoming a fire hazard. about 45 minutes passes, and we are finally seated.the food was FANTASTIC. our group of six shared two whole chickens (both including 2 sides) and several small plates, such as the truffle mac, ceviche, and hanger steak. everything was YES. no complaints about the food.limon! work out that reservation system, and you'd be golden!
*inhale* okay here I go...I had made reservations for 6 of us girls. We were seated 15 min. after our reservation time (no biggie, the place was packed). The waiter was fantastic: attentive, friendly, patient, helped us choose plates, etc. HOWEVER, the owner needs to relax or invest in a larger establishment. Because the place was packed, he was like a vulture, blatantly eyeing our waiter to hurry us up when ordering and when eating. Okay, we did sit next to him but no one should be made to feel like they're being rushed through a meal. *Once we placed our order, the food came out quickly, hot, and it was delicious! * All of it, okay minus the ceviche. There we were again with the owner nervously looking at each table to see how he was going to seat the 15 folks waiting to be seated (not our problem, get a bigger place.) I will definitely be going back BUT for lunch or I'll ask to sit away, far away from the owner. Annoying. But delicious food and very reasonable.
I stopped by this Peruvian restaraunt in the Mission for a late lunch last week, I was a little hungry and wanted something small. I got the quarter chicken with Yuca fries and this mashed rice and bean fried dish. They were all great, especially because I'm not usually a fan of chicken on the bone. The service was friendly attentive and quick, and it was a great deal too. The quarter chicken and 2 sides only set me back 10 bucks!
This place has THE most amazing chicken! Plus, the sangria's good, the yuca frita's awesome, and the veggies are a delightful surprise. If you wanted to, you could split a half chicken and tasty sides with a friend for $10. Total! Every single time guests are in town, this place is a must. I've had friends tour the west and say that this was by far their favorite food establishment. It's definitely a people pleaser for every kind of person. It's classy, yet relaxed. High quality, yet good prices. There are two reasons for taking a star away: 1. LONG waits. Even when I've made reservations, they've either made us wait another 30 minutes or somehow lost the reservation. Not cool. 2. The upstairs has a great ambience, but the lighting downstairs is terrible. If you go on a busy night as more than a couple, you'll probably end up down there under glaring fluorescent lights. But the melt-in-your-mouth chicken somehow makes it all worth it. Just remember to make reservations way in advance to avoid the crazy wait!
Unlike David B., whose review tops the list here on Yelp - I'm more of a "moderate" eater, as is my friend Jessica. So when we went to Limon, we ordered a half chicken to share. Sounds like very little food, right? Not when it comes with two sides (perfectly crispy fries and a fresh green salad for us) and three dipping sauces. The chicken was so moist, tender, and flavorful, and the sauces were perfect for chicken AND fries!The ambiance is classy but not too formal, and the servers are polite and attentive. We left delightfully satiated - and with two glasses of reasonably priced wine we still paid less than $15 each, including tax and tip.So for all my fellow moderate eaters out there...you won't be disappointed by the rotisserie chicken at Limon!
Good, down-home peruvian food that isn't heavy. Took some visitors from NYC here and one of them just came back from Peru, and attested to the authenticity of the food here. The Manhattanites even raved about the pisco here! - thanks for doing SF proud, Limon!
3.5-3.75 stars.I've been wanting to check out Limon for awhile but the bf took me on a surprise dinner to Limon Rotisserie (similar items on the menu but more small plates style).The restaurant is on the smaller side with a casual vibe. Some of the side tables are pretty close to eachother but everyone was so involved in their own conversations that it didn't matter too much. I saw a large party with children so it's definately okay for the kiddies.For drinks I had the house-made strawberry lemonade and the bf had a glass of the sangria. The strawberry lemonade was super refreshing and yummy. The sangria had a good amount of fruityness to it.There was no way we could come to Limon Rotisserie without getting the signature rotisserie chicken - that was a given. We decided to get a half chicken and chose papas fritas and tacu-tacu as our sides. They bring out a small dish of all of their dipping sauces which is awesome. The chicken was really flavorful and the skin was slightly crispy. The only downside was that the white meat was on the dry side which was kind of a bummer. The papas fritas were skinny shoestrings ala McDonalds and they were pretty darn delicious. The tacu-tacu was something we'd never had before and it was pretty yummy. We also had the seco de costillas - braised short ribs and the jalea - basically a fried seafood plate. I must say that everything fried here is DELISH. The yuca frita is probably one of the best I've ever had. The shrimp were fried PERFECTLY - slighty crispy on the outside and oh so juicy on the inside. Man oh man I'd definately order the jalea again. The shortribs were yummy but not anything to rave about.We were pretty stuffed by the time we had finished everything but we decided to look at the dessert menu anyway. I saw that they had panna cotta so of course I had to try it! It was a little too sweet for me and I was looking for something tart in the sauce to cut it down but the mango sauce was pretty sweet as well. It also was served with a dark chocolate sauce which was yummy but I didn't really understand the combination of it all.All in all, pretty good meal. I still want to check out Limon!
Four friends and I were looking for a great place to eat, and Limn Rotisserie was one of the top hits. Turns out the Yelp reviews are accurate!This was pretty much my first exposure to Peruvian food, and I found it to be full of flavor. We ordered the following:- whole chicken with Tacu-Tacu and Yuca Fries- Aguadito de Pollo (wish they brought small bowls to split the stew)- Tartara de Tuna (looks like tomato salsa but tastes like ceviche)- Jalea (calamari plus fried tuna with tartar sauce, pretty standard tasting)The Yuca Fries was the most surprising dish to me. I was expecting something like potato fries, but Yuca Fries have a much softer texture and fuller filling, as opposed to McDonald's oversalted crunchy fries. I imagine my description of Yuca Fries is akin to describing the wonders of egg rolls (i.e. not so authentic foods). The Aguadito de Pollo also stood out to me; good spices with hearty content.The total came out to $11 per person; quite a good deal! Ordering a whole chicken and accompanying small dishes makes this place great for a group of friends. I wouldn't mind coming back here again, but first I have to try all the other amazing restaurants in San Francisco!
I had an awesome lunch here the other day. There was no wait, the chicken was really good -- tender and juicy -- and the sides were great. The bill was ridiculously reasonable. I will definitely be back.
I love Limon! They have the BEST rotisserie chicken with a trio of delicious dipping sauces. I've also tried their Tuna Tartare and Ceviche. I'm not a huge fan of Ceviche so I'm not the right person to write about this item, but the Tartare is well seasoned and served with freshly fried chips. My favorite sides are their salad and potato fries. For drinks, they make a delicious version of a Pina Colada. YUM all around!
This rating has to do with the DISGUSTINGLY rude service my cousins and I received at Limon last night. We arrived around 6:30p on a Wed night and while I was parking, my cousin asked if we could be seated - I found a spot a block away on S. Van Ness. The hostess was like "Sorry! All parties have to be present!" Whatever, it's San Francisco and as customers, we've just become accustomed to all these stupid rules (no more than 6 credit cards, parties of 15 or more need to book with a credit card, etc, etc). We were seated close to the short hallway that leads to the bathroom and once seated, we noticed that our booth chair had a big dip in it. The hostess and waitress were buzzing about, paying no attention to our table, so we decided to slide down the booth and move over one table. Literally, 1 seat over - the room was about half full. At that point, a blonde, pudgy waitress decided that she now had time to serve our table. So marched over to first tell us that we just disrupted the seating arrangement of the dining room. Ummm really?! I won't go on about our exchange but her tone and approach were beyond anything I have EVER experienced. Brash, condescending and unnecessary. Clearly, her tip jar was a little low that week so she probably was feeling a little peeved and decided to take out her frustration on us. Rather than involve myself in a meaningless conversation with this minion, I promptly asked her to dismiss herself from our table and requested to speak with the manager (who, not surprisingly was unapologetic). I will just add that for the rest of the evening, NO ONE was seated at the broken booth chair next to us. So why were we seated there to begin with?? For the rest of the evening, the male waiters kept coming over to our table and checking in on us - they clearly felt bad and I appreciated the effort. Limon's food is "good" although in recent years, I think the standard has dropped. They certainly don't need my business, but part of the reason I dine out is for the experience. Good food and wine, AND good service. I've had a few other run ins with them (charged a group bill to my card, did not honor a previously booked reservation) but have always overlooked this because of the food. After last night, I can officially say, I'm good! I'll get my pollo a la brassa fix from Fresca or Pasion, where the ambiance and service are a million times better!
My two cents:-Chicken is off the hook delicious: juicy, flavorful, and tender. Be warned: PORTIONS ARE SMALL! My friend and I split a half chicken and walked away 60% full. Definitely wish we got the whole chicken-Skip the papas fritas and the carne empanadas. Nothing special.-The sauces are really yummy.... then again I've never met a mayo based sauce I didn't love. -Sangria is average. -Next time, I want to try the Tacu Tacu.
I went to Limon Rotisserie last week on Friday with my two girlfriends. It was super crowded and a little hectic. (Thank goodness I made a res!) When I first walked in I thought to myself that I so do not want to sit in this dining area. There were too many people hovering over the tables while they waited for their tables. We were seated fairly quick, which was nice. We sat at our table for a long time with out the waiter ever coming to say hello. Luckily we had ordered out drinks at the bar prior to sitting down.The waiter finally made his way to us and the first thing out of his mouth was "are you ready to order?" All our food came out at once...poorly timed if you ask me! We didn't see our waiter again until he cleared our plates.The food was goodThe ambiance was hurriedThe service sucked
Excellet Service! Very attentive and helpful waitress. Great recommendations for first time customers. We had beef hearts, cold raw shrimps and fish in lime juice and taku taku (seasoned rice.) Perfect portion for 2 people. Besides the exotic cold and hot small plates, do not forget to save room for desserts!! you wont regret it! Good ambiance as well!
FOR CENTURIES, the debate between Athiests and Believers has raged. Now we can put an end to that debate, because the food at this restaurant is proof that THE LORD EXISTS. Little did I know that my first Peruvian food experience would also lead me to my first encounter with the man up high. Yes, I bit into ceviches for the first time in my life, and oh my they were delicious. At this point, God Himself was revealed to me. He told me, "These fish were actually not cooked by fire. No. They were cooked in lemon juice. Isn't that pretty cool?" And I responded, "Yeah Lord Almighty, that's pretty sweet."And then, the empanadas, the rotisserie chicken, the dipping sauces, and the sangria, all took me to a higher spiritual plane. After I finished the chicken, I couldn't take it any more. I went into the bathroom and in the silence of my stall, asked if I had gone to died and gone to heaven. And a deep voice responded to me: "No son, you're just at Limon Rotisserie." Then I cried. Oh did I cry. This restaurant alone is reason enough to move to San Francisco.
I actually tried this place first before trying Limon on Valencia Street. The Rotisserie chicken was great, but what made it even better was the different dipping sauces they give you...it makes my mouth water just thinking about it!! And who couldn't love that you get two additional side dishes with your order...SWEET POTATO FRIES and TACU-TACU are my favorite. Then, how can you forget their Sangria...probably the best Sangria I've tried to date...it's definitely a creeper.  I usually come here for lunch since it doesn't get too crowded and you can probably find some good parking...but I hear it gets pretty insane in the evening time.
What can I say? I was looking forward to this place for awhile and finally made it, even got a parking space close by. It wasn't the chicken that sold me - it was all the fried food!!! They know how to fry - the jalea (fried seafood) was wonderful - light and crisp. The yucca and sweet potato fries and the empanadas were exceptionally good...not greasy at all. Nice job!When I saw "chicharron de pollo" my eyes got big - but it was not the chicharron I expected so I was disappointed. The chicken strips were flavorful but not crispy. I have to say the red pepper-onion garnish was delicious by itself. The onions were mild - and you know how onions like to take over, so they were a nice addition separate from everything else.The two desserts I tried were outstanding - the panna cotta had a mango sauce that jelled nicely on top and the chocolate bambino was yummy - chocolate-y and not overly sweet. I tried the mango and strawberry lemonades - didn't taste any lemonade - they were more like agua frescas.I felt sorry for the two servers - they were all over the place as the restaurant filled very quickly. And the one guy with the slicked-back hair - I wonder what kind of gel he uses to keep that wind-blown look all day? It has to be some pretty strong stuff.I have to go back and try the red meat - it looked really good...
Awesome! thats the only word you need to know about this place
Unreal. The food is so good it will make your knees buckle.The lomito saltado, the hanger steak, the chicken, they are all spectacular, amazingly flavorful and juicy. Panna cotta is out of this world. (I'm not a dessert person, but I had to try it, it looked so good.)The portions are smaller than you would expect, but they are priced appropriately.You'll see me there. :)
This place was realllllly good. I went here for lunch with a friend on a sunny Friday afternoon and we were able to beat the crowd that eventually formed soon after getting our order. I have a feeling this place gets really busy normally. Also, this place is a peruvian restaurant. Here's a few reasons why I really enjoyed this place.1. environment, it's located in the mission, and the actually restaurant itself is trendy and cute, moderate size.2. the menu: very easy to order with interesting selections. this was the first time I had gone here and it took me like 2 seconds to understand the menu: we got the 1/2 chicken order which comes with 2 sides...easy! I didn't understand what some of the sides were but I asked the staff and they explained to me.3. YUMMY CHICKEN with YUMMY SAUCES! + the sweet potatoe fries were really good! I think the sauces pretty much won me over.4. Parking was easy to find but I realize that it's probably b/c I came for lunch :)Definitely recommend to come here and check it out at least once!
Not to be confused with "Limon", another peruvian restaurant nearby.This one is smaller and so are the seats. Being on the midget side myself, I took one for the team, wedging myself along the bench to squeeze all nine people in our party at one table. The family has never been closer (literally). Half the challenge was making table room for the plates and you definitely kept consolidating and eliminating any extra plates to spare precious table room. We ordered a bunch of small sides (except the ensalada), a couple of ceviches, and a few chickens to share. The food came surprisingly fast and the upside of our cramped quarters and busy restaurant was the extremely attractive Latin waiters hustling around to keep up. Mmmmm...And speaking of yummy...besides the waiters, the yummy food best dishes IMHO were definitely the chicken (delicious spices), the veggies in some kind of tomato garlic sauce, the mixed seafood ceviche, and the yuca frita. Good wine lists and fair prices. I'd like to try with a smaller group, maybe opt for larger plates, and enjoy the scenery longer.
The food here is great, I've been here before many times and loved it. They get 2 stars because this happened the last time I went:First, their online reservation system was down. Okay, so I called. Then, when I asked for a reservation at 8 PM, she said they only have 5:30 or 9:30. I asked how long the wait was, and she said 20-30 minutes. So we arrived 7:45. At 9:00, we were still waiting, and were not-very-kindly-told that we should've made a reservation... Well then. Rude and inaccurate hostesses, used to love this place, but as long as I can help it, I'm not coming here again
Good food. They would not split the bill with more than 4 cards when we had a part of 12. Weird policy especially since they automatically include the 20% tip. I'll take my big parties elsewhere is they prefer small parties.
- The staple dish of rotisserie chicken is excellent and shouldn't be missed- We had the french fry/steak lomitas saltito another great dish- Great atmosphere, great people good restaurant
Look Limon, you've got a problem with your hostess. If that's how you want to run your business, then fine. But several other reviewers, like me, were insulted by her. Is she related to the owner or dating the manager?The chicken was dry and very salty, the dipping sauces were AWESOME, the beef ribs were good, the fries were okay. The food is okay, just that. Our server was wonderful.But here's my problem, and it may seem like I'm being petty--but not after seeing what others have written. I went with my wife and young son, and he didn't want to use the spicy tasting sauces with the fries. I asked the hostess, who was standing right next to me, for some ketchup. Her response was a snotty look and a response: "We don't DO ketchup here." A bit more of the look and she turned away. Now--you don't have to serve ketchup, but her response was ridiculous for a cute neighborhood bistro. All she needed to say was "We don't have ketchup" or something like that. Am I crazy? It was rude.We eat out often, but in this economy, I don't think anyone in any business should put up with an employee being rude to their customers. I am never rude with wait-staff--just the opposite. But I don't plan to return.
This place is amazing. Very friendly staff from the hostess who was very accommodating the the bar tender and waiter. The food is really on point as well as their cocktails. It really couldn't be any better.
Went there on a Friday around 6.00pm did not need a reservation for that time, but recommend after that as it did get busy. The Rotisserie chicken was outstanding, along with the empanadas and the mojito cocktail. Great place, great atmosphere
We have reservations, luckily, since the place was pretty packed. Staff was very attentive, filled water and cleared plates, etc. We ordered a bunch of plates but the ones that stood out the most were the: Chicken Carna Asada Empanedas FRIES (I can't help my obsession w/ fries) Sangria was drinkable - I usually hate the taste of Alcohol, but I was able to sip on the Sangria. Says a lot...
At a friend's suggestion, we had dinner here (my first, though I've been to the Valencia spot several times). I like the ambiance at this location - cozy and allows for conversation without having to yell.Service was good and waiters regularly checked on us. We shared:- Ensalada Rusa (friend thought it could use more salt but I loved the blend of flavors/dressing)- Chicharron de Pollo - perfectly crisped but didn't taste the marinade and the "salsa criolla" was similar to chicken broth. We mentioned this to several waiters checking on us and got the "this is how it's suppose to be". Finally, our regular waiter stopped by and offered to bring the "trio of sauces". This made the difference! Order the roasted chicken with 2 sides and dipping sauce instead. - Carne a la Parrilla - PERFECT combo of chimichurri (NOT salsa criolla) and seasoned tacu-tacu. We would have licked the plate if we could.Can't wait to try the roasted chicken next time! Highly recommend this place!
I like salt a lot. I'm one of those obnoxious people that no matter how tasty the meal may be, I always have to add more. Yes, this is causing my belly to bloat to distended status, but I don't care. Salt is a necessary addition to my food. So when I expressed an interest in Limon Rotisserie, and heard the criticisms that the oft-touted roasted chicken was too salty, I wasn't disheartened. Instead, my interest was piqued. What, you say? A dish that I won't have to add extra salt to? Bring. It. On.And yes, the chicken is well flavored and salty to the point that I did not need to add extra, but it also wasn't so overwhelming to cause my sodium-avoiding roommate to choke. It was just right. And even better, there was so much meat on the bone that it felt less like scavenging (which is why I generally detest roasted chicken) and more like eating a boneless chicken breast. We split the half chicken, which when served with three delicious dipping sauces, as well as complimentary sides of yucca fries and roasted vegetables, was more than enough of an entree for two people. We also split the halibut, calamari, and shrimp ceviche, and while there was a bit of an issue of the lime juice being a bit too acidic, it was equally yummy. (God, that's a terrible adjective, isn't it? I'm too lazy to look up a thesaurus though, so it will have to do.)All in all, from the shared pitcher of sangria to the roast chicken to the ceviche, we both walked out spending less than $30 each for our entire meal. We also agreed that the tapas style menu would be rockin' for a date, first or otherwise. No extra salt required.
Where do I begin here were my fav dishes:1) rotisserie chicken -- so flavorful and mouth watering.2) Ceviche - pescado - delicious3) Empanadas 4) lomito saltadobest of all -- reasonably priced!
My favorites here were the mixed ceviche, yuca fries, veggie empanada, and the tacu tacu that came with the hanger steak. I could pass on the crispy chicken, but you probably can't go wrong with anything on their menu. To fill up, add a rotisserie chicken (half a chicken was good enough for us 5 girls).The atmospheres upstairs and downstairs were quite different-- upstairs is more warmly-lit and quaint (good for a date), downstairs looks sort of like a shabby lounge/club (better for groups). Service was on the slow side.We weren't full from our first round of food, so we added 3 more hot plates/sides, 1 dessert, and a second pitcher of sangria. I started cringing when I thought of the cost, but for 5 people our bill was about $130, which is not bad at all.
I wanted to update.. been back a number of times actually, the So.Van Ness location in particular.. try the *cheese empanadas* ! YUM!!
Yucca totally kicks potato's ass! Case in point: Limon Rotisserie's yucca fries. Somehow, the yucca seems to absorb oil in a way that is perfect: the crisp surface shatters as you bite down, and the inside is soft and steamy. I could eat them all day long.Other favorites: ceviche, empanadas, steak, sangria, and of course, their namesake, the chicken. It's all served tapas-style, in mini city portions. I always leave this restaurant feeling slightly hungry, but by the time I get home, I'm just full enough to be comfortable. Spacious, swanky downstairs seating area that could be mistaken for a nightclub, and a patient wait staff that tolerates poor Spanish speakers - I butchered the name of every single dish we ordered, and our Latina waitress didn't seem to mind at all.
Dining date: June 30, 2012After waiting around for a food tour that never happened, we decided to make our own tour :) My date had been to Limon before, and raved about their different sauces. So, we hiked along 8 blocks to get some delights. And was I ever delighted! We ordered Tartara de Tuna, Yuca fries, Jalea, and Truffled Mac n' Cheese. The Tartara was fresh, and tasty with a nice hint of sesame seed oil. It was served with potato chips as a vehicle to get those yummy morsels in your mouth. The Yuca fries were tender on the outside, and crisp on the outside. It was served with 3 sauces: Aji Amarillo, Rocolo, and Chimichuri. All the sauces were delicious and not so spicy hot that it burned your taste buds. The Jalea was good, but nothing unique or out of this world. It was fresh, and crisped just right and was served with a dill-mayo sauce. As for the Truffled Mac n' Cheese, well, although this is supposed to be their famous dish, I was taken aback by the overwhelming taste of truffle. However, the sauce is supremely creamy and it is seasoned just perfectly. But, some of you might like the strong truffle :) Great place to share some plates, grab a drink, and just wallow in the ambiance of what feels like family. Now to try their place on Valencia and beyond! Bon Appetit mes amis!
I came here, party of six, to celebrate a few birthdays. We were seated in the basement -- a little too dark, a little too dank. As the night wore on, it got very very crowded. There was a very large group celebrating a birthday and they were extremely loud and boisterous. I think the acoustics downstairs are just awful. It was nearly impossible to have a conversation with the people at your own table and I think most of us had sore throats from screaming just to be heard by the person next to you.As for the cuisine, not bad. We had the fish and shrimp ceviche, one of each empanadas, lomito, yuca fries, sweet potato fries, tacu tacu and their chicharron de pollo. Of all, the best dish was what they were known for here -- the chicarron de pollo. Even that, though, bordered on too salty.
Good food, and good service. This place needs reservation on weekend else you would have to wait. Being a vegetarian, I liked their Yuca Fries and Tacu Tacu and their dessert which was some thing similar to molten chocolate cake was the bet thing there. Definitely recommend it if some on wants to try Peruvian food.
Limon, Limon, Limon. You are my #1 most favortist restaurant in SF. You are 100% BOMB DOT COM!The price, the food, the ambiance (classy but casual, you can dress up and bring a date, or you can come hang our with your cronies). Everything is amazing. The chicken is sooo tender and delicious. The sauces you get each are amazzzinggg. Short ribs are a great side dish as are the vegetable empanadas ( haven't tried the others but they dont seem as appetizing).You can order whatever you want, but come here for the chicken. Make sure you're ready to eat with your hands and have chicken juice all over your face and hands. yummmmm. I dream of you Limon!.....man now I'm hungry.Ps. Make sure you make a reservation if you're eating dinner, this place gets busy!
The food is awesome; lomito saltado is great and the pollo a la brasa is even better.
Amazing food. Everything is great about this place. Love it.
Came here on a Sunday night with a group of friends - first time here, and probably the last. Food is just aiight, service is terrible and with so many restaurant options in SF there is no reason to come here.I should say that I am a pescetarian so I couldn't try the rotisserie chicken (which I guess defeats the whole purpose). I had some of the root salad which had a lot of beets and potatoes(?). The side of ginormous corn was really sweet and pretty good. I would say that the sweet potato fries were way too dry and could have used a good dip. What really pissed me off was when the hostess gave my friend attitude. So yes, we had reservations and some of us arrived late. But sometimes you can't control parking and traffic conditions. Yet the hostess decided to make a snarky comment when she seated us: "Just so you know, if you come on a regular busy night, your table would have been gone by now." Point is, it WASN'T a "regular busy night"...Not. Coming. Back.
I really wanted to enjoy Limon Rotisserie since I love Limon on Valencia Street. I really wanted to.....BUT I DID NOT!Food = 2. Unlike it's Valencia Street counterpart, Limon Rotisserie did not turn out delicious food. The chicken - recommended to me by many - was overcooked and way too salty. The empanadas were oily on the outside and stuffed with dry filling on the inside. Service = 1. I am assuming that the restaurant had a large party on the lower floor the night I went. Maybe that's the reason the food came out so slowly. In spite of being assured that the food was coming out TWICE by our waiter and ONCE by the host, the food came out about as fast as a herd of turtles. When they finally brought out the chicken and two sides, they forgot the empanadas that WE ORDERED AS AN APPETIZER. In fact, the couple who sat down after us and ordered after us got their empanadas about 10 minutes before we did. To the staff's credit, at least our water glasses were constantly refilled. (Big whoop...)Atmosphere = 3. The place was clean.
First things first...order a pitcher of sangria...then the full chicken with a variety of sides. What is yuca yuca you ask? Oh! And they're better than mcdonald fries, well almost. It's an affordable, casual, and fun place. Our server was charming and entertaining.I Heart Peruvian cuisine.
I LOVE LIMON ROTISSERIE. I've been in here a couple times and each time it has been PACKED TO THE GILLS. Now, I normally abhor crowds, but there is a reason this place is always hopping: it's awesome.That's it. It's awesome. Period. You can get a whole damned chicken with two sides and sauces for $20. And you're not getting a little game hen type chicken, it's a normal sized damned chicken. It's a LOT of food for $20, I'm not kidding, you will be well fed and happy.I've only ever gone here with my boyfriend (he thinks the portions are perfect) and each time has been wonderful. I have yet to be disappointed. It's fairly small and VERY popular, so you may need reservations unless you don't mind eating at the small bar they have. I've usually gotten the pollo empanadas, the Carne a la Parrilla, or the half chicken. The tacu-tacu is pretty good too. I always wash it down with an Inca Blue Chich Morada. The menu may not be extensive, but they have perfected every dish they offer. I don't think it's possible to order anything bad from here.We've only ever sat at the bar and the bartender has been nothing but friendly and VERY accommodating. This also seems like a good place that people go after work for drinks and whatnot. I definitely recommend this place. I'm not sure about the Limon on Valencia, but this one sure as hell gets MY vote!
I would definitely say this is s better value than the location on Valencia. Very yummy home-cooked tasting Peruvian favorites. I would have to say that I still prefer Pisco Latin lounge in terms of empanadas and creativity on the menu, however we came here for the chicken. Or we came here for my man to eat the chicken actually - as a non-chicken eater, i don't think i can fully appreciate it (but he says it tastes like the way chicken is made in his country, so hey, can't argue with that). I do eat fish and the snapper ceviche was pretty good - fresh, basic, classic ceviche. I do wish they could have served it with some chips or i dunno, something to scoop or dip it with. I also had a (soju?) passion fruit mojito which was surprisingly strong for SOJU! Unless I mis-read that and it actually was rum, but i don't think so. And, yes, I ALWAYS love the yucca fries! They are fried and super crispy but still so delicate and light! Everything came out with a couple of slightly similar tasting dipping sauces on the side. One was quite garlicky (the green one) - be forewarned. As they say, if one eats garlic, both must eat garlic ;)
Limon Rotisserie is one of the better places I've eaten Peruvian food (which, granted, is not a ton). Their specialty is Rotiesserie chicken and it does not dissapoint. Go with the whole chicken unless you're there by yourself and it will undoubtedly be finished...otherwise you'll just have delicious leftovers. The ceviche and Yucca fries were delicious and served as a great appetizer. Also, there is a $15 corkage fee here if you're inclined, so bring your own bottle of wine to make everything go down smoother!
LUNCH REVIEWFour of us went here for a late lunch and we were seated promptly and found parking easily on the street.POLLO A LA BRASA - $10.00 for half chicken but came with two sides ( We got the flavored white rice and Yucca Fries). It was tasty but the portion was small. If you want something second rate, go to Costco and get the Rotisserie Chicken for $5.00. It also came with three Aji dipping sauces: Chimichurri, Aji Amarillo, and Rocoto.The Carne Empanada (it comes with two pieces) was good. It tasted like there was Olive Tapenade in it which made it extra tasty. I did not taste the egg or raisin. $7.75/2 piecesDessert - We shared the Chocolate Bandido which was pretty good. Not sure if Chocolate cake is Peruvian. The brandy Chocolate sauce and Creme Anglaise was good. PORTIONS WERE SMALL (although Tapas style).
Ever since my travels in Peru I have the same reaction to hearing about Pollo a la Brasa as Pavlov's dogs to a ringing bell: I come running, drooling. The excellence of Limon Rotisserie's version has been amply described, I can only agree. Starting the luncheon with a text-book Pisco Sour, I enjoyed the fabled Leche Tigre cocktail (bits of seafood and choclo swimming in a bracing citrus marinade). I also tried the slow-roasted beef ribs (deboned) with vegetables, rich and succulent (also very filling). The small salad served along with the ribs was a good counterpoint to all that meat. While I prefer the beans with my rice to be whole, I enjoyed the tacu-tacu version here (beans blended into the rice), especially when accompanied by excellent Chimichurri sauce.The bill is modest here, the service friendly if overtaxed (it is a busy place).
I've never had Peruvian food before so I wasn't sure what to expect.. but damn this place is fantastic!Much of their menu items have a hint of citrus, that Rotissiere chicken that everyone is raving about lives up to the expectations, so succulent and flavorful. Their beef empanadas definitely satisfied my empanada fetish. they came with a yellow sauce but it was not necessary because the filling in these things were already so flavorful, and that beef? oh so tender, awesome.We had a few other things like their fries, yuca, ceviche and a dessert, I thought everything here was great, well done.The only issue here is the wait, make sure you make a rezo.
good food, sizable portions for SF
I was visiting from Seattle and let my boyfriend choose a restaurant (he always amazes me with his choices)...... I am always up for something new and the reviews helped us say YES to a menu we were already excited about. We made a reservation only a few hours before arriving and the customer service was amazing. We were traveling with our new baby girl and the servers and management were more than accomidating. Our Choices:-We both drank the Pisco Sour (Signature Drink of Peru) and LOVED them.... I would say the whiskey sour of Peru but even better-We had the Pollo Empanadas - not like the empanadas I have had in the past but equally as delicious-Our main dish we shared the Pollo a la Brasa with Yuca fries, Tacu-Tacu, and the Vegetables Salteados...... all I can say is I can't wait to come back again. -For desert we shared the chocolate cake and it was GREAT as well.The owners were upfront and center, the food was exclelent, the ambiance was quant, and even better the cost was super affordable. I LOVE great food and it makes me even happier when I know anybody can afford to eat it. We will definitely be back our next trip to San Fransisco and I hope you enjoy this restaurant as much as we did!
For its price, Limone's food is not that bad. But it was VERY salty, so salty that I must have had at least 3 glasses of water, so salty that I coudn't really taste the food, so salty...you got the point. I felt like I was eating salt. Other than that, the service was good, the ambiance was nice, the dessert was more than decent.
Lomito Saltado, the classic peruvian dish, was tasty and well cooked. The rotisserie chicken is also juicy with crispy skin. And despite all that, the veggie empanadas surprisingly were our favorite of the options. I was not a fan of the tacu-tacu, wish I had gone for the yucca or sweet-potato fries instead.I was a fan of the sangria. And everything was perfectly capped by dilectible dessert options: The panna cotta was perfectly creamy and accentuated with ripe (slightly tart) mangos and raspberries. The chocolate cake was more fudgy than lava-cake-like, but it was tasty and satisfying nonetheless.
Love it - best ceviche around, great rotisserie chicken, reasonable prices. Make a reservation if possible because not much space to wait around for your table.
The best Peruvian restaurant in the whole Bay Area. The chiken is soooo juicy and tasty. I grew up eating this type of food and to find a place in San Francisco that trully knows what flavor is all about is just a dream come true. I live in Alamo and I drive to San Francisco just to eat there. Do remember to try the Yuca frita and the Empanadas.
Very solid Peruvian food and good ambiance deserves four stars.My husband and I usually get ceviche mixto and then split a half chicken with tacu-tacu and either yucca or sweet potato fries. (I think the half-chicken is a screaming deal since the sides are pretty filling.) I also like their Lomito Saltado. I wouldn't recommend their empanadas...they are good, not great. I prefer their upstairs seating over the basement as it feels cozier, but be warned that seats near the door can get pretty crowded by people waiting for tables. Service has always been solid.
I made reservations here for 7:00 PM on a Sat night and did not get seated until 7:35. That's 35 minutes of waiting by the small awkward space near the door! Horrible. There were actually open tables upstairs and an abundance of open tables downstairs (where I wanted to sit), but the 2 female hostesses refused to seat me because their kitchen was "too busy and backed up" and their supervisor didn't give them permission to seat anybody yet. That was really stupid. Wouldn't you want to seat your customers rather than have them stand? We ordered the half-chicken, a steak dish (not lomo saltado), fries,and vegetables. The chicken was flavorful, the 3 dipping sauces complemented the chicken very well. But the steak dish was flavorless. Overall, affordable dinner for good food, but the wait is too damn long.
it was as good as the reviews said. Excellent chicken, yucca fries, chicharron, and ceviche! They weren't so great on managing wait times and reservation times but i can ignore that given the food was so good.
After months of delays for every kind of reason, we finally got to meet some good friends for some great food at Limon. Limon is located at the south end of Van Ness which my wife thinks is "sketchy". Compared to the surrounding buildings, Limon is simple and stylish with nice big windows, an airy dining area, and a surprisingly nice downstairs area which also serves as a club, but doesn't feel like a dungeon.We started off with a pair of ceviches: red snapper and tuna. I preferred the tuna which was diced into small cubes and accompanied by some crisp, homemade chips and slices of cucumber. The fish was lightly marinated in a citrus marinade and had a very fresh flavor. I didn't try the snapper, but our friends said it wasn't quite as good. We also ordered the beef and chicken empanadas which had delicious, flaky crusts, and moist fillings. The beef empanada was probably my favorite of the two since it was prepared in a very traditional style with raisins and olives.The chicken is the real star of the menu. The meat is very tender with a slight citrus flavor. The skin is super crispy and tasty. A half chicken fed three of us, but I'd recommend getting a whole chicken and splitting it. To give you some idea of how good the chicken is, I normally don't care for dark meat, but I'm happy to eat all of it at Limon!Every order of chicken includes two sides. We went with the grilled vegetables (seasoned beans, mushrooms, and onions) and pappas fritas (French fries). The veggies were great, but the fries were just so-so.In the past, I've gone with the sweet potato fries which are way better!Limon gets really busy, so be prepared to wait or show up a little earlier in the day like between 5 and 6.
Awesome food, awesome staff, awesome service! This place is just AWESOME!We had a reservation for 12 people at 7pm on the stormiest day of the year. Due to bad traffic, several people were running late. Staff kept informing me that they would no longer be able to hold our reservation since it was 45 minutes past the reservation. After a bit of negotiating, they agreed to seat us and let us order for everyone. The staff did everything they could to accommodate us, and kept checking on us to make sure we were ok. The food came out quick, and everything was delicious! We practically ordered everything on the menu, and I enjoyed every dish that I tasted. Food for 12, three pitchers of sangria, and it came out to about $25/person, not bad at all.Thanks again to the staff for accommodating us. I'll see you in two weeks when we return for another birthday dinner!
Excellent Peruvian food! I came back here because I was missing Peru and everything I ordered was exactly what I remembered it tasting like in Peru. The Pisco Sour was perfectly made, and the lomo saltado was perfectly stir-fried with exactly the right proportions of beef, fries, and veggies. Only complaint is that the portions were really small, though the price was not unreasonable and this was, after all, not Peru where I can get the same thing for less 5 than soles.
It's loud and busy but it never sucks. Just let yourself go and order a small amount of everything, drink a lot of sangria then yell your conversation out with everyone else, take a trip to the bathroom, realize how drunk you are on the way back, drink more sangria, skip the dessert (not that they're bad but you really should have filled up on dinner and drinks by this point right?) and then amble out into the filth of lower Van Ness and figure out what bar to propigate your bad decisions in next.
Almost 5 stars...4.5 for sure. But since the service was great, I'm rounding up. Chicken like you've never had it. Tender, moist and juicy...I'm getting hungry just thinking about it! Ceviche was good but not orgasmic. Sweet potato fries yum. Tacu-tacu was interesting too.
It's like there was a party in my mouth and everyone was invited.Seriously, every single dish we ordered was absolutely delicious and PACKED with flavor. So much flavor that I think my taste buds were sore after the massive workout they had at this meal. Let's take a closer look at the dishes now, shall we?:- Lomito Saltado: Steak with french fries... umm, does life get any better than this??- Chicharon de Pollo: I think any dish with the word chicharon in it is an automatic win in my book, and this dish did not disappoint. Highly recomended!- Papas Fritas and Yuca Fritas: I don't know what yuca is, but man it tasted like a giant french fry, which actually went well with the regular sized french fries a la papas fritas. Tip: dip em in the sauces they give you for a really good time.- Ceviche Mixto: Okay, it's ceviche. You can't really mess this up, but everything in here tasted as fresh as can be.- The Rotisserie Chicken - We ordered a whole chicken, but I think they brought us an ostrich cuz that shit was huge! The skin was so tasty and the meat was really juicy. The ostrich, err, I mean chicken by itself was already awesome, but when you dip it into the sauces, it's like flavor on steroids!Yup, that's it. One last tip: make a reservation to be seated promptly!
Favorite restaurant in SF. Great prices, great environment, great menu.
A pleasant Peruvian place. Feasted here with some friends for dinner. Although crowded, the restaurant gives off a delightfully romantic ambiance.What we ordered: - A half Chicken that comes with two sides and Aji sauces.(for the two sides we chose yuca fries and vegetables salteados)- Ceviche Mixto: fish, calamari & tiger shrimp- Seco de Costillas: braised boneless beef short ribs with huacatay & cilantro, served with potatoes, carrots & english peas- A pitcher of SangriaAll of the dishes were served on a small plate and arranged nicely for presentation. The cups they served our sangria in reminded me of stemless wine glasses. This place has class.The first served us our pitcher of sangria. It was really, really good. Not too strong, sweet and dark. A great way to start the meal. After this, I was really excited for the rest of our course.The half chicken is slowly roasted over an open flame and served in cut pieces for easier consumption. It is moist and rather savory. I cut it into smaller pieces so I could dip the chicken into each of the Aji sauces. They serve three different sauces with it. The rocoto sauce is a creamy orange sauce that has a little spice to it. The aji amarillo sauce is a creamy yellow sauce that tastes a little sweet. The chimichurri sauce is a pesto-like sauce with oil, garlic and parsley. All were fantastic and give a little kick to each chicken bite.I enjoyed our sides. The yuca fries went well with the rocoto and aji amarillo sauces. The vegetables salteados came grilled which I am fan of. The steak-like sauce with our grilled vegetables makes me want to eat vegetables everyday.The ceviche mixed is great. The fish is served more raw, which I like. The sauce surrounding the ceviche is very zesty, making the fish, shrimp and calamari taste even better. Although I wish the calamari wasn't served in those small pea-like pieces.The seco de costillas boneles beef short ribs hit the spot. A small amount of soft, juicy beef but just enough to go with the potatoes & carrots.Great customer service and a lovely place to take a date. Be sure to make reservations!
Great dishes all-around! We had the Pollo A La Brassa, seafood ceviche, sweet potato fries and mixed veggies - all were really tasty and I was pleasantly surprised! Prices are reasonable, and this place gets packed on the weekends, so expect a bit of a wait. Overall, a very good dining experience.The Sangria was great! Not too sweet and not too strong - just the right blend when you are having dinner with friends or if you are on a date! I cant say the chicken was the "best ever" - I am a bit bias because I like to eat at Pollo A La Brasa in LA (K-Town) - but the chicken here comes a very close second! Still tasty and the portions are decent (if you get the whole chicken) for a party of 3 to 4.The ambiance is pretty nice, a bit Mission-trendy, and you are likely to see large flames that spit out from the grill - lets you know how the chicken is cooked! Cool place. Great for groups.
Rotisserie chicken, sweet potato fries, and sangria. Life does not get much better than that. Waiting for a table in the non-existing waiting area can be an awkward pain, but once you're seated it's all worth it. Our experience has been that the service for ordering drinks can be a bit variable -- sometimes they come right away, sometimes you end up waiting quite a while. But food always ends up coming super fast and we never fail to have an awesomely delicious meal and a great time.
This is a great place to eat with a group or even a date. But there is so much food to be shared here that its so much better to eat with people who have an appetite! Limon is a tapas joint and tapas have a reputation of racking up the bill. So I highly suggest ordering the whole chicken - cut up in 6-8 pcs - which comes with any 2 sides. And then ordering another side or 2..and TRUST me you will be good!Here we ordered the whole chicken and alongside of it came crispy yucca fries and tacu-tacu. We also got Lomito saltado and vegetarian empanadas. And the 3-dipping sauces are ALL mouth-watering: rocoto aji, amarillo aji, and chimchurri!The restaurant has a downstairs dining area that has a bar, dj booth, and more lounge-like seating. Good for private events, birthday parties, or a wedding reception!
I think this is better than the Limon on Valencia. I thought the downstairs portion is really hip and cool.The Fried Chicken was simply tasty
service absolutely sucks here! if it weren't for the horrible service, limon rotisserie would've easily received 5 stars. ok, so here's the deal.we called about 30 minutes before arriving to put our name on the list...as soon as we got there, a table was already waiting for us perfect timing. the server got to us in a few minutes and got our drinks immediately...wifey ordered the sangria which was really a glass of wine with chopped fruit in it. but hey, who's complaining? haha. that was another bonus. the server (i won't mention his name due to the embarrassing service) took our food orders and we thought hey, this is going to be an awesome dining experience. our ceviche mixto came out immediately. it was oh so delicious and yummy...the halibut was really fresh while the calamari and shrimp were also yummy as it was sitting in the marinade of the ceviche. perfect again! and then our lomito saltado came out...the best lomito saltado i've ever had. the steak was cooked amazingly well...super juicy and flavorful. the server was even nice enough to bring out the bowl of rice we ordered with our half chicken now so that we could eat it with lomito saltado. i was really impressed by everything thus far. AND THEN EVERYTHING WENT DOWNHILL FROM THERE!we were waiting on our chicken for a good 30 minutes or so...it was a little strange because other tables that just sat down and ordered got their chicken within 5 minutes. we looked around..couldn't find our server...eventually he walked by, stared at our table, and walked away. no updates, no apologies, nada. he even went to the manager and said something to him after he stared at our table...and the manager didn't even come by to apologize for the waiting time. the manager was obviously a social butterfly because he kept talking to the table next to us asking if they were ok. maybe he had a thing for them? who knows...oh, and i totally felt sorry for the table on the other side of us...our server did not check on them for at least a good 45 minutes. anyhoo, so i'm not the type to wave down a server because i know what it's like to be one...but i have never received service this horrible before. time just kept on ticking...and no freakin chicken! finally, the server had enough balls to come to our table to tell us that they made a mistake. the kitchen didn't make it cause they didn't have a ticket. well, duh stupid...that means you forgot to add the chicken to our check! own up to your mistake...don't blame the kitchen! anyhoo, the chicken finally came out with our side of yuca frita(fried cassava). the chicken was a little on the salty side...but i won't complain cause there is nothing worse than unseasoned chicken. a little overseasoning is ok...the chicken was super juicy and i loved the 3 sauces that came with it. the yuca frita was amazing! oh, so the manager was once again talking/flirting again with the table next to us...and i think he saw me staring him down. he finally had the balls to come over...but of course, didn't apologize. he just said, "thank you for waiting for the chicken." WHAT??? how bout an i'm sorry??? this place has no clue what customer service is...for that, a one star deduction is not enough. i had to deduct 2 stars...cause well, poor service really hurts a restaurant and your experience no matter how great their food is. anyhoo, it gets worse. we already decided to order a dessert at the beginning of our meal. we went with profiteroles...puff pastry stuffed with pastry cream sitting on top of more pastry cream topped with chocolate and pecans. since i can't eat chocolate or pecans, i asked the server if he could put those on the side. 2 minutes later, our dessert came out...but where the heck were the pecans and the chocolate? they forgot it...AGAIN. our server was no where to be found...halfway through our dessert, another guy brought us our chocolate and pecans. at least he apologized! what a HORRIBLE experience...it's a shame that the food is so damn freakin good. i usually give servers the benefit of the doubt and still tip at least 20%...not tonight...he didn't deserve it. and the manager sure didn't deserve our money either. maybe the best thing is to order food to-go? the chicken was pretty good...but the lomito saltado should be the dish on the 7x7 list...that stuff was bomb. i'm willing to give this place another try because of the great food...but i think they need new management...and new servers!
Dined this eve in the Mission and experienced a new low of perceived holy value at this popular restaurant. While food and service good, I took issue with a small yet relevant point...no decaf coffee available at 8pm. Commenting and ensued indifference by mgmt., I voiced complaint, and was told to 'not return' to this restaurant. LIMON. Manager: Fernando. On any given eve, we all can chose over 50 great restaurants in the Mission...snobby attitude, my $$ will go elsewhere. Thanks Fernando and owners to make my decision easier.
SALT SALT SALTSALTSALT SALT SALT SALTSALTSALT SALT SALT SALTSALTSALT EVERYBODDDYYY!Oh my, dinner at this spot will send you into a hypertensive crisis. We had the Pollo a la Brasa, Chicharon de Pollo, Ceviche Mixto, Lomito Saltado, and sides of sweet potato fries and rice. Everything started off really flavorful, but the more I ate, the more I realized that the predominant flavor was salt. So much so, that I was beginning to wonder if the rice had added flavoring. The food isn't inedibly salty. Just be sure you have lots of water handy and maybe your hypertension meds. It's a tapas style place, so the portions are small plates size. Our party of four ordered the whole chicken, 3 other main sides, and 2 sides, which was sufficient. Place tends to get packed, so make reservations. There's a nice loungey looking area downstairs better suited for larger groups.Overall, it's a decent value if you really like your food salty.
Not as good as the original Valencia restaurant.
I absolutely loved this place. The flavors are authentic (compared to my recent visit to Peru), the service is great and the prices are so much more reasonable than other Peruvian restaurants in the city like La Mar. Can't wait to come back....next week! Order the rotisserie chicken, tacu tacu as one of your sides, the lomito saltado and sangria!
Great food and extremely affordable. Try the sangria, it's worth it. Good date spot :)
LOMO SALTADO!!!!! Amazing, rotisserie chicken was also very yummy.
So i was in the bay to visit some friends from LA and we stopped in on Saturday night. The food was amazing! We had just about all the hot dishes. We tried the Rotisserie Chicken, the Chicharrones, the braised short rib, the rib eye, the soup, rice, french friends (with amazing ailoi sauces), vegetables, fried yuca and the flourless chocolate cake and all that along a pitcher of sangriaQuite honestly everything is reasonably priced. For $15 you can get a whole rotisserie chicken and two sides - unheard of!And everything...even the damn veggies were soooo flavorful! The short rib just fell apart it was so tender. The only thing bad about this place was that it was tiny...other than that...everything else was delishious and perfect!I wish there was one in LA!
This is a delicious, fun spot that won't break the bank or make you feel you sacrificed for quality. You MUST get their rotisserie chicken. It was so moist, I swear they cook it in a cloud. The sangria is sweet and almost thick. I was saddened when they said they were out of Imperial, but found a worthy substitute with the lighter Peruvian beer on the menu. The yuca fries are delicious with the dipping sauces. The limonato saltado was heavy on the salt, but sort of expected when you order beef stir fried with fries. The chimmichuri sauce was disappointing but I was okay with that when I saw my check. My friend and I left feeling stuffed, both ordered a drink and paid $18 each, including a nice tip. I'd come back, especially if I have a big group and sit downstairs on the couches. Since it's slightly removed from Mission and Valencia, street parking isn't as challenging. They have reservations available on OpenTable.
my friend took me here, as she highly recommended it, and we happened to be in the area. she warned me the odor is strong when you walk in, but really, it goes away within seconds.i warned her i havent been eating a whole lot of chicken, but really wanted to try what their name stands for.we started off with the mixed ceviche. it was my first time having ceviche, not being a fish lover, but omg, it was delicious! the lime juices and the big chunks of corn kernels! small portion, but really really good!we shared the half chicken with sides of rice and yuca frita. even though i really wanted the papas fritas because who doesn't like french fries, my friend really wanted me to try the yuca frita. im glad she did that because they were a taste of potato heaven. it looks like a big steak fry, but its so light and airy and just purely delicious. only drawback is there's only 4 for a side, whereas i saw the plates of papas fritas and sweet potato fries overflowing at the other tables.onto the chicken...i like dark meat better since its moister and has more flavor. so i started off with the drumstick and dipped it into one of the 3 sauces, the orange creamy one first. i wish i knew the name, but its like a spicy mayo sauce, but not as thick. i could eat that sauce all day, as i dipped my yuca fritas in it as well. the middle one, a yellowish one was okay, but not as much flavor and didnt have the kick as the orange one. onto the last one, which was a medley of olive oil, basil (?), and some other herbs. that one was definitley a favorite of mine as well. i doused it on my chicken, especially the white meat. my friend said the white meat was drier than usual, so that was a bummer. the chicken was still really good though.i also ordered an order of papas fritas because i read the article by the bathroom that they were delicious! they weren't anything special, but again, dipping it in the orange sauce, it was very very yummy!i also ordered their sangria, but not being a big fan of wine, i couldnt tell if it was super good or not. the chunks of fruit in it were good though! i would definitley come back if i was in the area.also, plus for service! staff is very attentive and great!lastly, our tab for all that food was $30!! very impressive, considering the ceviche was the same price as the half chicken with 2 sides, and the glass of sangria was $5, along with an extra side of papas fritas! way too cheap for 2 very full stomachs!
It doesn't get any better than Limon! This has to be my favorite place in the city. I swear i can eat here two, three, four maybe even five times a week and never get tired of it. For starters, the fooooood is bomb.com!! My friends and I always order the half a chicken (rotisserie), two lomo saltados, some rice and yucca fries. We share it allllllll. The chicken is so tender and delicious that it falls right off the bone and into your mouth. It also comes with three sauces for your chicken that are so perfect, you'll be asking for more! As for the Lomo Saltado, its soo good we have to order two servings of it. You wont regret it. Try the yuca fries as well :) and dip them into the yellow-ish sauce that comes with the chicken! Every time a friend or family member comes out to visit or just wants to go eat, i recommend/suggest this place and EVERYONE ends up LOVING it!! I've never met anyone who hasn't enjoyed their food here. P.S. The service here is amazing...every time I've ate here, & trust me when i say I eat here alot, the waiters have been super friendly and comedic. P.S.S. The last time I came here, I was seated at the table next to SERGIO ROMO!! this was before the World Series :)
Great chicken. The location on south van ness is slightly better.
The food here is really great; I ordered the rotisserie chicken and some tapas plates, all of which were good and decently priced. The drinks here are even better and super unique! The only reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 4 is because I wish the place had more space, I felt like I was sitting too close to neighboring customers that were also dining in.
This is definitely the better Limon. The Rotisserie Chicken is the star. I'm a huge fan of rotisserie chicken (yes including Costco's) and Limon did not disappoint.A friend and I shared half a chicken meal with yucca friends and tacu tacu and an ahi tuna ceviche appetizer. The ahi just tasted like sesame oil so I would pass on that. Ceviche is supposed to be refreshing but theirs was not the case. And the portion is pretty small. The chicken really saved the night. Sooo juicy and tender but honestly a little on the salty side.The fries were perfect, of course, but the tacu tacu was not my thing. It's fried rice and beans which sounds good...but again, not my thing. It's similar to "burnt rice" you can find at the bottom of a rice cooker.I would have rather ordered another side of yucca fries! I loved the sauces that came with the meal!! Surprisingly we were really full off our meal and couldn't even finish the chicken. And for $9.95 it is such an amazing deal. I'd like to come back and try lunch one day...but will definitely be back for dinner!
Their rotisserie chicken is a favorite, their drinks could be a little stronger. But all in all a good place to get some food at.
Came here for a girlfriend's birthday and so glad she picked a different place than the usual Thai spot. Our table ordered rotisserie chicken, yucca fritas and a few others, but the chicken and fritas were what I remembered most. Would definitely come back for more chicken!
CHICKEN CHICKEN CHICKEN!!! I literally dream of their rotisserie chicken, I often wonder the things I would do for some of this chicken! After hearing so many raves about this place, finally made a dinner reservation! Let's start with this place having some of the most delicious sangria ever, and quite strong! We ordered the tuna tartar as an app, ahh not a huge fan of it, I can't say it was the best! We also had a green salad, it was fresh and crisp. Than came the bird, which every bite is ridiculously juicy. The skin is seasoned to perfection. The trio of sauce's are decadent, in fact I might have drunk it if a straw was provided! Along with the chicken their sweet potato fries are incredible, the combination of both.... is heavenly! I've visited this place since, they also have incredible ceviche and empanadas. We've ordered their short ribs, but I'm sticking with the chicken. The service is also great here! And it's always packed!
This place is great. I've come here twice, during the week on the early side with no reservations. Both times we sat down almost immediately.My recommendations - snapper ceviche, CHICKEN, yuca fries.
Awesome chicken and dipping sauces, incredible drinks and incredibly priced
Fun with small plates and friendly service. We had the tuna tartare (excellent), ceviche mixto (very good), "lomito" saltado" (heavenly), veggie empanadas (wonderful), seco do costillas (fantastic), carne a la parilla (good). We also enjoyed yuca fries and sweet potato fries on the side. For dessert we had a lovely little plate of protiteroles to share. I can't wait to go back. Yum.
EH ... it was alright! My friends I came here after Bay to Brakers... we got here around 1100-1130ish and got seated right away! We were all STARVING! OK - to start off ... I'm only giving this place 2 stars b/c I'm spoiled by EL POLLO INKA (SoCal) so every time I have Lomo Saltado ... I inevitably always compare it to El Pollo Inka. I know I shouldn't compare ... but what can I say! SO~ compared to EPI ... the Lomo Saltado dish is a 2 ... on it's own ~ I would probably give it a 3. The flavor is good ... but the meat ... kinda tough and chewy! We started w/the ceviche mixto ... it was good. A solid 3. Fresh. YUM!the fried yucca was delish!! I think if I ever went back to this restaurant ... it would solely be for the yucca!Then tried the chicken empanada ... eh ... 2. Main dish - lomo saltado ... (see remarks above.)Profiteroles for dessert ... 3. The mojito tasted more like lime juice ... I couldn't really taste the alcohol ~ but I think it was there -- b/c my face was RED! :-)the service SUCKED! but what did that matter to him ... the 20% service fee was already included in our check ... so I don't think he really gave a crap! He messed up our order ... didn't put an an order in ... almost snapped my friends head off when she tried to order more food midway through the meal ... I think he was just overwhelmed ... it looked like he was the server/bartender/busman... I don't think I would go back ... doubt I'd recommend this place ... oh ... can we get EPI to open a place up here??? OH...the fried chicken was pretty good! but that's about it!
Came here with the kiddos and my sister, she recommended it. We tried a bit of everything and we were not disappointed! The kids loved the fried yucca! I loved the chicken and the tartare was sooo yummy! We got there and there were maybe 8 people. Once we got seated a rush of people came pouring in! Very small restaurant and the service was very rushed but friendly. Sangrias were delish! Came another time with the hubby on our date night and he loved it!
Wait staff was extremely helpful, even with our group of 12+. The sangria was excellent, food was tastey, and the atmosphere was fun.There are inexpensive ways to eat here, just not many options in that category, however the chicken is good!My only 2 gripes would be the small menu as a whole, and the food is very salty. Alot of it is cooked in or with soy sauce, which of course tastes great but makes you soooo thirsty, the next day you almost feel hungover.Having said that, the sauces (pesto/basil one, and chimmichurri) are delicious!!!!! I will definitely return to Limon happily anytime.
The first time my GF and I came here, we weren't able to try too many dishes. This second time around, we brought a few more people. Good idea (hint hint). This allowed us to try more of Limon's excellent Peruvian cuisine. Everything came out all at once so, technically, we didn't have an appetizer. Here's our order:-Tartara de Tuna: Ahi Tuna Tartare: It was aight.-Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron: Fish and Shrimp Ceviche: Yum!-Seco de Costillas: Braised Beef Short Ribs: Peruvian Beef dish:Yum and a half!-"Lomito" Saltado: Double Yum!-Carne a la Parilla: Hangar Steak: Yum and a half!-Aguadito de Pollo: Spicy chowder-like soup with Chicken: Yum!-Pollo a la Brasa: Rotisserie Chicken (whole): 5 Yums and a Yum-o!The chicken came with 2 sides. We chose the Yucca and the Potato Fries. Let me tell you.. Yucca is my new favorite starch!!I recommend making reservations, but even that won't guarantee you a seat at your time choice. The restaurant is super small and super busy so you may have a little wait time. Parking is tough too as Limon is settled on South Van Ness, busy street. The hood seems a bit sketchy too. But make your way to Limon Rotisserie and you won't be disappointed.
The food here gets a 4, the service gets a 2. Overall, Limon is a 3.You MUST order the rotisserie chicken if you come here. It is perfectly tender and flavored to perfection and served with a trio of delicious and interesting sauces. It is also VERY decently priced. For $17.95, you get a whole rotisserie chicken and 2 delicious sides. That fed a good portion of our group of 8!The sides are also excellent. My favorites were the yucca fries and the sweet, delicious, possibly genetically-engineered corn kernels. They are at least 10x the size of normal corn kernels... which means 10x the sweet, juicy goodness! The sweet potato fries are decent, but would be much better if served with an aoili or some other delicious dipping sauce.This place is not exactly the best place for the pescetarians and vegetarians out there. We ordered the tuna tartare, the empanadas, the calamari, and a root salad for our seafood-eating friends. The tartare was meh. The empanadas and calamari were excellent. The root salad was interesting, but nothing special.Though the waiters and bartenders are fine, the hostess has been really rude to my friends and me both times I have been here. I definitely will never have a large group here again after having to deal with her pushiness, snarky comments, and eye-rolling.
I like chicken. I like the way some people eat chicken. My friends know this. Limon Rotisserie is a place where I can enjoy both of my likes for chicken, with a very delicious glass of Sangria to wash it all down. It's a great place to eat, and a fun place to be! We had the rotisserie chicken there - it is a must-have item here! The chicken was very flavorful, moist, and yummy! It came with special Peruvian dipping sauces and one side. For our side, we got the grilled veggies. We added the rice, sweet potato fries on top of that. And of course, the Sangria as well. One note about seating - they have a downstairs/basement area that is a lot more chill than upstairs. The upstairs dining area seems more formal and serious... while downstairs was more of a party. We were downstairs. This place is definitely a great place for chicken, and is better value than the $50 chicken for 2 at Zuni. Of course, if you're looking for the higher-end date atmosphere, maybe the $50 chicken for 2 is fine. I'd just rather spend the rest of that difference ($32 - Limon's chicken is $18) on more Sangria!
Great prices, service and food. A must-visit! Get any of the small plates, tacu-tacu, or chicken
Good food. The ceviche was very yummy, chicken was a bit on the salty side, but still tender. I honestly don't know what half the dishes I ate were called since my friend ordered it. But most of them were good. We had about four pitchers of sangria for 5 people. It was reasonably priced too! I'd definitely bring new friends here for dinner some time.
I've had Limon Rotisserie recommended to me several times, but had always bypassed it for some other options. What a fool I was. This place seamlessly merges great food, great service, and more-than-reasonable prices into a ball of rotisserie perfection. The food here has been written up in detail in ways much more clever than I could ever hope to write, so I'll keep it brief. Ceviche Mixto - Very flavorful (with a slight, spicy aftertaste) take on the classic ceviche dish. Was composed of red snapper, calamari, shrimp, onions, and choclo. My only critique of this appetizer was I wish there was more (it was split among 3 people). The Full Rotisserie Chicken Meal with Two Sides. I think this is one of the better, if not best, deals in town. For $17.95 you get a full chicken and two sides. Enough to feed 3 very hungry people, and I would guess that it's probably enough for 4. The chicken itself was juicy and succulent, maybe not the very best ever (I think that title still belongs to Zaki's), but awfully close. The spiced flavor of the skin was mouth watering and in my opinion complimented the chicken perfectly. This was accompanied by a side of sweet potato fries and choclo (Peruvian corn). The sides were both good, but next to the chicken they seemed like nothing special. Dessert was a Panna Cotta with a mango coulis. I'm not usually a big dessert guy, but this was awesome. The panna cotta was solid and the taste kind of reminded us of vanilla ice cream. The mango coulis (I think that was what the dollop of goodness was) was the real standout here, it was amazingly rich and flavorful. Sangria - The sangria was a little more tart than I'm used to, but once I had a few drinks it really grew on me. And the service. Even though the place was ridiculously packed, every single person here from the host all the way up to manager went out of their way to make us feel accommodated. And not in that overbearing, uncomfortable, and trying too hard sort of way, but in an honest, friendly, and efficient sort of way that said they really appreciated everyone's business. Simply put, what Limon is able to do should be the standard for all restaurants.
We had a group of eleven and it was one of the easiest group dinner arrangements we've had (besides going to a Chinese restaurant with a lazy susan!). We got the prix fixe, family style menu for our party and they served it promptly. It's actually a good deal for all of the food they serve you, at $25/person. It came with the famous pollo a la brasa. It IS good, but I've had better pollo a la brasa at other establishments and in Peru...the skin wasn't that crispy. Besides that fact, I highly recommend if you're looking for a restaurant that can easily accommodate a large party, serves food promptly, and is reasonably priced.
after murdering my GRE, paul decided to take me out for a nice dinner. we keep bitching and whining about how much we miss peru, so we decided to reconnect with it by stuffing our faces with yummy peruvian grub! i've seen this place on yelp, and my friend Joshua G just went a few weeks ago and had nothing but great things to say about it. the place is a bit small but it's cozy and the interior's nice and modern. we opted for the half chicken, ceviche mixto, seco de costillas, papas fritas, and tacu-tacu. oh, and a pitcher of sangria. i know, we're fat.the ceviche came out first and it was refreshing, light, and delicious. there was a perfect balance of acidity to the seafood and it was accompanied by those inexplicably huge corn kernels that we saw everywhere in peru. the chicken was insanely moist and flavorful, and it comes with a trio of aji sauces! i can't even begin to explain how much i miss aji, and how happy it made me to have aji amarillo AND the recoto sauce. the seco de costillas is a dish consisting of braised short ribs and veggies, and it's hearty and seriously yummy. the papas fritas and tacu-tacu were the perfect accompaniment to our food, and along with the super friendly service it felt a little nostalgic of our time in peru.
I am so glad that Peruvian science found the cure for sodium deficiency. You can get two years' worth of salt in less than an hour. Seriously, less than an hour--why have a leisurely dining pace when life saving salt can be delivered to your table 5 minutes after your order. Although I was worried they might not follow through on the salt concept, they fortunately added it to our vegetables and mushrooms too. Subtract three stars because they did not add salt to the Malbec.
The good: mojito, yuca fries, the chicken.the bad: tacu-tacu, cervichethats all...
I went here last Saturday night for a birthday party after eating at Chez Panisse the day before. And I gotta say, after eating what I thought was the best meal of my life, I didn't know or didn't care what to expect from Limon Rotisserie. I was already in food heeavveeen! Limon Rotisserie though definitely put me into some sort of second level of food heaven if that's even possible.We got to the restaurant at 8 and the reservation wasn't until 8:15. There were about 30 of us in the party and so it took awhile for them to set-up our table. We didn't get seated until almost 9:00! I was a little unsure where exactly they'd seat us because just looking into the restaurant from the street - it was tiny in there. You can't even wait inside without feeling like you're suddenly a part of someone else's dinner party. Little did I know that they had a very large downstairs seating area. The set-up of the downstairs area looks very much like a club. There's even a DJ booth and around the corner a loungey type area with couches, coffee tables, and ottomans where they seat large/very-large parties like ours. After playing musical chairs trying to find a seat at the different tables that made up our party, we finally settled in and our table of 5 ordered some drinks. We started with a pretty good Peruvian beer (Cuzquena) and then eventually ordered a pitcher of sangria. The food here is tapas, served family style so the portions are a bit on the smaller side. We ordered two red snapper cerviches, the chicharron de pollo, two lomito saltados, the carne empanadas, a whole chicken with yuca fries and sweet potato fries, and the carne a la parrilla. This was way more than enough food for 5 people. There were some okays, and there were some goods, and then there were some greats. The stand-out dish here is quite appropriately their rotisserie chicken. They really marinate the crap out of this thing - from skin to the actual meat - it was all so juicy and flavorful! The good stuff were the chicharron, the yuca fries, and the carne a la parilla. The okays were the cerviches, the empanadas, the sweet potato fries, and the lomito saltados (but that's probably because I'm biased toward Mi Lindo Peru's lomo saltado). Overall, the food was good and there wasn't a bad dish and being seated in the lounge area was pretty nice. Because right after our meal ended, we all slumped down onto the couches ready to pass out from food coma!
Get the rotisserie chicken!! So good and so cheap!! The area isn't that great , but the food is excellent. I got a half chicken for 2 people and thought that was enough, though I noticed that people around us got a lot more. Ceviche is ok. I wouldn't order again. La Mar does a much better job and is much fresher. Empanadas are SO GOOD. Better than La Mar. I got the beef one. Sauteed veggies were great as were the tacu tacu as sides (its some crispy bean / flour ball thing) $30 for 2 people with half chicken, 1 order empanadas (2 of them) and a order of ceviche. Come again!
Just like the other Yelpers I went with with the grilled chicken, ceviche, sweet potato fries, and mixed veggies.Everything was crazy salty except for the ceviche. This is definitely not the best grilled chicken in the city. That can be found at Il Pollaio in North Beach. The food is good, but not "amazing". It's worth trying, but I wouldn't go back. Feeling thirsty after a meal is kind of a bummer. Why aren't the cooks and/or owners reading these reviews and toning their sodium generosity down?
My soul is smiling. Absolutely fantastic food. Drinks were great too. Couldn't be happier.
What a rainy, dreadful, eve for a double date at Limon Rotisserie, but I was so excited to try the chicken here, that I didn't let the heavy rain bring me down! After waiting for 45 minutes, we sat down to find out that they were out of #37 on the Big Eat SF List, Rotisserie chicken! Oh no!! I was so upset, but quickly took at look at the other items which I had only heard wonderful things about from the other 3 dining mates.Our waiter was nice, but obviously rushed, busy, and irritated when we started asking questions. We told him we were hungry and asked how many small plates he recommended and he said 7 or 8.We ordered the Ceviche Mixto, Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron, Lomito Saltado, Empanadas, Jalea, Chicharron de Pollo, and the bean cake side (I can't remember the exact name). Favorites were definitely the ceviche - so flavorful, yummy, and the seafood (calamari, halibut, and jumbo shrimp) was beyond fresh, if that's even possible. I basically could've drank the sauce afterwards, it was exploding with awesome lime flavors. I found myself using the extra leftover sauce on the majority of the other dishes! I can't forget to mention the jumbo CORN on the cob that comes w/ the ceviche dishes. Definitely a plus! Another favorite was the Lomito Saltado (thanks Phil H for the recommendation), which is a classic Peruvian dish of stir-fried top steak strips, onions, tomatoes, and soy sauce and served with fries MIXED in. Yum, the fries were the perfect consistency after marinating in the delicious sauce. We had both sangria and strawberry mojitos, which were good, but stick with the sangria. It compliments the meal perfectly. Dessert was also great - I was extremely full, but after seeing the Bandido option, we had to get it! It's a classic dish at LR; flourless chocolate cake with brandy chocolate sauce and creme anglaise. You cut into it and it's hot, creamy, chocolate-y center is a party in your mouth. Yum. So, had the service been up to par and had they not been out of the Rotisserie chicken at 8pm on a Sunday night, Limon Rotisserie definitely would've been a five star review in my book. Oh well, just more incentive to come back soon!
Food was good, ambiance OK, service OK I guess, and the sangria potent. Went here for a group dinner, and we ordered tapas style, and all the food really good and came very quickly. There was lots of meat.The was seviche very good, and the beef was tender and savory. There was a noticeable lack of veggies. The service was meh, but very very fast. We ate downstairs which felt more like a space they would convert to a dance-floor/bar when dinner ends. It was OK. The Bad: They wouldn't seat all of us until we all got there, which was annoying. We came for a surprise birthday dinner, and they really messed up the cake/dessert. First they brought & removed dessert menus, then brought and removed the check and then came over to ask which cake was ours (we brought one)!! The birthday-guy answered with his name and the game was up. Please note: this is a different restaurant than the Limon on Valencia (same owner though). Just make sure you go to the right restaurant (I learned the hard way).
Went here last night for a friend's birthday party. She's been wanting to go to a tapas bar but only if she had a big group so we could try different things; yesterday was her opportunity! We were a group of 8 and made reservations (even though the website says they don't, my friend called to inquire a couple days in advance...and they accommodated our group).Walking in, it looks small, probably about 40 people can fit. I think there's more space downstairs, but I didn't get a chance to check it out.The food: Two of our friends are allergic to seafood, so we opted not to get any of the ceviche since it wouldn't be fair. We ordered the following:(2) pitchers of sangria: this sangria is pretty delicious, but i just wasn't in the mood to drink it... i merely sipped every 20 minutes or so. hhaha it's pretty sweet, so be prepared if you don't like sugary drinks.(2) Whole chickens: each came with 2 sides of our choice and 3 sauces. We chose tacu-tacu, papas fritas, choclo, and sweet potato fries. When I come back, I'd skip out on the choclo (giant sweet corn.) b/c the texture isn't what I'm used to. Chicken was juicy and had LOTS of flavor! The sauces that accompanied it was also delicious. I didn't know which was which, but I ended up mixing all three together to make one SUPER sauce!(2) Empanadas Carne and (2) Vegetales: The meat empanadas were ok. Not horrible, but I surprisingly preferred the vegetable ones (they have mushrooms -eek!).(1) Lomito saltado: next time, I'd skip this, but I'm not big on beef. Everyone seemed to enjoy this dish though, but not as much as the next item....(1) Carne a la parilla: I know I just said I'm not big on beef, but THIS WAS DELICIOUS. the meat was well seasoned and cooked to perfection (not too try/well done). I'd definitely get this again. It also came w/ a tacu-tacu!(1) Chicharron de pollo: This was ok, I think the frying of the chicken made it a little too tough/dry, but it still tasted good with the salsa they serve it with!Atmosphere: 4/5 - a lil too crowded when full but nice interior and it isn't too loudFood: 5/5 - although some dishes were better than others, all of them were delicious! it's all a matter of preference I think. Size wise, all the dishes combined fed 8 people (4 girls, 4 guys, however, the girls didn't eat as much as the guys since we got fuller quicker!)Service: 5/5 - our server was amazing! I wish I got his name, but he was very patient with us as we asked so many questions about the food and his recommendations. =) Water was always being refilled. Our friend dropped a knife on the floor and literally 2 seconds later, a busboy came and said "don't worry! i got it!" and replaced it with a clean one! We didn't get our tacu tacu at the same time as our other sides, and mentioned it to our server. He said it was coming up and sure enough, 5 minutes later, he comes back with TWICE the tacu tacus and apologized for the wait! They let us bring our own mini bundt cakes for the birthday girl.Parking can be tough, so come early to look for a spot!I'd definitely want to come back here. It ended up being $27/person including tax and 20% tip (included in the bill). Come check Limon Rotisserie out!!!!!!!!
My review is based on the whole experience of this restaurant. I had an 8:30 reservation, but didn't get seated until around 9:15. Then the server took his time to get to us. I had sort of wished there would be some traditional Peruvian music playing in the background (which I have experienced at other Peruvian restaurants and rather enjoy -- it makes the experience a little more authentic), but alas, there was no music at all. Just the sound of people shouting over other voices. The food, while it tasted okay, wasn't quite par for traditional Peruvian. The potatoes in the lomito saltado are like something you'd get from McDonalds, and they're not crispy at all. I will give them credit for the fried yuca -- that was really good. The pollo a la brasa, the dish they are supposedly most well-known for, was okay, but again, not quite like the pollo a la brasa I've had in Peru, and according the the professional Peruvian I'm married to, none of the food was like he has had in Peru (having lived there for 33 years of his life, he would know). He also said the Pisco Sour wasn't good, not like the kind he has had in his mother country. He was disappointed, and so was I. I make better lomo saltado not even knowing the exact recipe. Aside from the disappointing food and long wait to be seated, the server was slow getting us the check, which was annoying. We were completely done with everything and we were just sitting there, waiting. We had wanted to catch a movie, but missed it because of the untimely service. The desserts were good -- we shared profiteroles and chocolate bandito, but they are super expensive for the amount you get, and not really worth it in my opinion. The only good highlight of the night came from a pair of other customers (not the restaurant) who said they bought too much sangria and offered to share with us. Oh, and they didn't even have a couple of things on the menu that we would have expected at a Peruvian restaurant, like papa a la huancaina. Actually, they didn't have any appetizers at all.If you want good Peruvian food at reasonable prices and portions, I recommend Furia Chalaca in Oakland or Isabella's in San Jose.Oh, P.S., there's only street parking and good luck with that in San Francisco. There is a parking garage up 21st between Mission and Valencia, but tonight (Saturday night) at 8:30 it was full. So there's that.
They have great rotisserie chicken
Sangria and ceviche. Two things that made us venture out to the Missions in the rain.The Ceviche Mixto had slice after slice of halibut surrounded by pieces of calamri and topped with a gorgeous piece of tiger prawn. Marinated in citrus with mounts of red onion and just a sliver of habanero, this is ceviche at its best.The Lomito Sateado (stir-fried top sirloin strips), an Asian influenced Peruvian dish, may have had a tad too much Asian influence. It tasted strongly of soy sauce and overly salty. The Chicharron de Pollo (cripsy chicken) was deep fried to the point where the outer layer is hard. Not exactly my kind of fried chicken. The Empanada de Carne was a mix of sweet and savory. Eric liked the little pastries but I'm not such a big fan of sweet and savory dishes.We ended the meal with Profiteroles, little pastry puffs oozing with slightly sweet and smooth cream and drizzled with a chocolate sauce. The 4 little profiteroles disappeared in no time.The staff was surprisingly courteous and attentive even though the restaurant was packed to the door. We originally wanted to order to rotisserie chicken and yucca fries but they were sold out by the time we got a table. That will give me a reason to come back to taste more of the menu and another round of that sangria and ceviche.3.5 stars.
I know I'm supposed to review the chicken, and yes, the chicken is delicious and peels right off the bones with the the mouthwatering golden brown skin roasted to perfection (it was slightly salty for my tastes, but I generally don't like anything with much salt). However, I'm going to write about the ceviche. Ceviche is one of my, if not my, favorite dish. I'm obsessed with cilantro. I think everything savory tastes better with a splash of lime, and I could eat seafood for every meal. I think my experience with the ceviche mixto at Limon could compare with my ceviche experience on the beautiful islands of Belize during conch season. The halibut is raw, so if you don't like that, you might want to reconsider ordering ceviche at Limon. My guy friend and I order the ceviche, a whole chicken, and veggies and sweet potato fries for the sides. This was definitely more than enough for two people. I think we could have just ordered half a chicken and been just as satisfied. We shared a bottle of wine and were the last ones to leave after having been there for about 3 hours (I always tend to stay at restaurants for at least 3 hours). We were doing so well until we stood up to leave, and I knocked over one of the wine glasses. The staff was unbelievable sweet! They didn't make me feel bad about it at all. I love it when staff makes you feel like "It happens all the time!" when you do something silly like that at a restaurant. I've had my share of chicken for a while, but I'd definitely go back just to eat all 3 types of Limon Rotisserie's ceviche.
The service here is really great but the food was ok. We tried the Carne Empanada which was overly fried and salty; the Pollo a la Brasa was really good with nice crispy skin. The calamari in the ceviche was really tender but it was really tart. We had the pork rib which was just ok as well. I'd go there for the pisco sours though.
This place serves the best Lomo Saltado i've ever had!I've sampled many Peruvian restaurants in the Bay, and in Los Angeles, and Limon Rotisserie serves the most flavorful dishes out of all of the establishments i've tried.I also ordered their sangria, and while it may be a bit too sweet for some, i found it to be perfect - in case you didn't know, i have the sugar cravings of a crackhead.There was also some lunch time entertainment courtesy of the two young men who decided to engage in fisticuffs across the street from the restaurant. It almost made me feel like i was at Medieval Times, minus the scripted duels and the horse shit.Pros:Excellent food Tasty, albeit sweet sangria.Cons:Small-ish portionsIn the hood (i don't mind, but some might)In the words of my homegirl Diana G: "GIMME MORE, YOU BITCH!"
Coming from a Peruvian family where my dad loves to spoil us with amazing Peruvian home-cooked meals, I have to admit that its hard to like food from "Peruvian" Restaurants. I've had my fair share of trying different places, especially back in SoCal. Limon was my first Peruvian cuisine experience in the city... and it didn't disappoint! It was exciting to see that they incorporated the huacatay (traditional peruvian cooking herb) sauce in the meal as an optional dipping sauce for yucca frita and pollo a la brasa, because I have rarely seen huacatay in the U.S. Also, I tried out the ceviche de pescado which was pretty good. The taste is excellent, but I wish they had included more of the sides that come along with it. If they would have added a handful of cancha (popped corn) and just a little bit more of the sweet potato, I think I would have given this place 5 stars.They're chicha morada (sweetened purple corn drink) is alright.... but I feel like they we're missing certain ingredients that would have made the drink more authentic and tastier. From what I recall, you can really taste hints of cinnamon and lime in Chicha Morada. But at Limon, their bottled chicha just wasn't cutting it for me. Considering this place is a Peruvian "fusion" restaurant, they do a pretty good job at maintaing the authenticity of Peruvian food, while adding some modern, fresh elements to it.
pros: juicy food- get the chicken! clean atmosphereservice- semi friendlytwo story diningdef worth the $cons: took 3 phone calls to book a table- they never filled us in the first time we called - when we got there they were able to take us after a 15-20 min waitthe Hostess was not a friendly person - she seemed snobby and rude ( i think it was her mistake of not writing us down)place gets busy so need to make a Rsvp
I love Limon I have been there plenty of times and I cannot complain, I have always gotten excellent customer service, my food has always been delicious exactly like i ordered my drinks amazing. The bartender Hector very attentive to what we ordered and our waiter Dennis very attentive to my needs and my friends who joined me. Nothing but friendly service.
Another yummy meal but definitely downed couple glasses of water. There is just a bit too much salt in everything. The food is still delicious and full of flavor. The price tag for the amount of food is also very reasonable. Definitely get the sangria, it gets the job done and you will be schwasted by the end of dinner. Perfect combination of sweet and tang, basically a party in your mouth that leads to you have a great time in the Mission.
i have such mixed feelings about this place...on the one hand: the chicken is one of the best things i've had to eat in SF. who would've thought that you could make an otherwise ho-hum meat so delicious?! the sides and dipping sauces are really good too. the prices are great. the ceviches aren't bad, but nothing to write home about. the cocktails are just ok.on the other hand: what is up with the hostesses? almost every single time i've been in here (probably 5 or 6 times now), the hostesses have been completely frazzled and rude. i know it's a popular spot and is busy every night of the week, but their job is to manage this process, not make people feel like jerks for choosing to dine there. i've had my reservation "lost" a couple times and have just felt like i was getting the silent treatment other times.on a recent visit, i checked in at the hostess stand for my 8 p.m. reservation. after acknowledging me, the hostess mentions it will be a few minutes. i step aside and literally 30 seconds later, she turns to me and asks "can i help you?" i explained that i am kristen, the person who just checked in with her. i think she got embarrassed and that manifested itself by her getting short with me. she tells me there's a bar "over there". i tell her i'm fine on drinks, so i can just wait up front and she tells me in a huff: "well, you're blocking the door." ?? i'm standing where everyone else is standing - the only area for people to wait - and sure, it's a little tight, but i'm definitely not blocking the door to the point where people can't get in/out.i will go back because i love the chicken that much, but i feel like the hostess service has been bad enough times that it's worth mentioning.
So everyone comes here for the chicken...a staple in my diet. I don't think I could function without it, and eat it grilled, baked, julienned, you name it, at least every other day. For the price point, Limon is a wonderful option on those nights you don't have the energy to cook a meal yourself- a half roast chicken, 2 sides, a small plate, and peruvian beer (Mmm Mmm) will cost you less than $30 and its more than enough for two people. Everything was outstanding- the salad of vegetales, the sweet potato fries, and the braised boneless beef short ribs (YOU MUST ORDER THIS!)....but the one thing I wasn't as crazed over, was the very thing everyone comes here for: THE CHICKEN! It was flavorful, indeed, but a little dry. If fact, dry to the point that I considered saying something but opted against it as no one else at other tables seemed disappointed with their poultry. Do I really make that mean of a chicken? That no one else's can compare?? This is highly probable. Its also probably we got a half of a chicken that was on the rotisserie just a minute or two too long- which can make for all sorts of bad when roasting at such high levels of heat.Did I devour it all? Si, por supuesto! It wasn't terrible, but the hype may have parched my mouth a bit.I would and will definitely go back to try some other small plates, sides, and give that chicken one more try. The staff is super friendly, the facilities are clean, and the overall warmth other patrons give off means people generally are happy with their food and experience. So, yay, I'm a fan.
Best rotisserie chicken in the city!Delicious sides, and not skimpy.Sangria.....yuuuuuummmmmmm! Amazing service.Super reasonable.We were sitting by the bar downstairs and the bartender knocked over a glass and came crashing down next to us. After all their apologies, they brought us a pana cotta.....which ROCKED! If you haven't been here, do so now!! Hell, I join you!
I don't know about making reservations via Yelp anymore. I went to the Restaurant (and no, I didn't go to the wrong location) and they said they could not find my reservation. They made us wait for a table which wasn't too bad but embarassing as I brought some guests with me. They sat us downstairs by a very large and loud party, I couldn't hear a thing my guests said but alas, I am always happy to see people have a good time. The 4 stars are for the food and nothing else. I could write a separate review on the service and ambience but I am not in the mood to criticize. I am in the mood for good FOOD!
We'd been wanting to try the Limon Rotisserie for some time, finally did last week. On the upside, it was a very lively, light-filled space. More informal than I'd expected, which is ok. Presentation of dishes: very nice. Dessert (the chocolate thingy) - terrific! The pink root vegetable salad: unique and tasty and properly seasoned ... which leads me to ...However: of the six dishes we ordered, only one was moderately salted (the pink root vegetable salad). Do NOT eat here if you are sensitive about your salt intake. The chicken (well prepared, tender and juicy, and too salty), the sauteed vegetables- too salty. The beef tri-tips, nicely prepared ... too salty. The sweet potato fries ... yummy (but we expect those to be a little salty, right?) and perfectly crispy. Get the picture? It was all edible, but with today's increased awareness of the negative impacts of salt in our diet, it was disheartening. What could have been a 4/5 or 5/5 rating ... is really a 2/5 or 3/5 rating because they easily double the salt necessary for these dishes. Our waiter was a little ... testy. Let's just say, rough around the edges and a little dismissive ... He improved during the meal, but we got off to a rough start. Could use a course in more "sensitive communication styles". My wife won't go back. I might ... but have to think about it.
This is one of the best values in San Francisco for a really great dining experience. We ordered a half chicken with 2 sides, the Hanger steak (AWESOME), which also included a side, ceviche and 2 Sangrias and with tip it came to $60, the bill came out to $47. I can't think of many places in San Francisco that can match Limon Rotisserie's value for quality. Also the service is very friendly, they seem to really care about the customer. Atmosphere is typical trendy Mission San Francisco (open kitchen, dark wood, etc), which is actually nice :) The chicken was very moist (even as leftovers, I am eating it now) and has lots of flavor, the hanger steak was also cooked just right. All the sides were top notch and the Ceviche was on par with La Mar at half the price. I know they have been here for 2+ years, but Limon Rotisserie is one of my favorite "new to me" finds in San Francisco. Thanks Wendy! (she suggested this place)
The rotisserie chicken doesn't get any better. And priced right! Good atmosphere and location. Very friendly wait-staff, and very attentive.
Being a huge fan of Peruvian cuisine, I'd been wanting to try Limon Rotisserie ever since they opened several years ago and now I wish I'd made an effort sooner. This was a delicious dinner at an unbelievably great value. On a recent laid-back Saturday night, I found a last minute reservation on opentable for dinner. We drove around for a couple of minutes trying to find street parking, then opted to park in the garage at 21st and Valencia, a quick 2-block walk. Once we arrived at the restaurant, we were seated almost immediately. To eat, we ordered half a chicken with a side of tacu-tacu and ensalada, the chicharron de pollo, and the veggie empanada. To drink, we had cristal peruvian beer. For dessert, we had the panna cotta. Our dinner for two totaled $44. We did a double take when we looked at our bill. I really can't wait to come back. I probably wouldn't order the chicharron de pollo again, as it was a little disappointing, but the chicken and the panna cotta were seriously yummy. The empanada was slightly doughy, but the aji sauces more than made up for that.Oh, and parking was only $2. We were in and out of Limon Rotisserie in a little over an hour because service was so damn fast.
Small plates perfect for sharing and for trying a variety of dishes. I LOVE Peruvian food and this place does not disappoint.Pollo ala Brasa - perfectly cooked and moist.Ceviche - yumLomo Saltado - great flavor Chicharron de pollo - crispy on the outside moist and tender on the inside. The sauce is to die for!Yucca fries - I'm a believer.Must try!
I do not write reviews too often considering how much I love food. That being said, they have the best chicken I've ever had in San Francisco and possibly of all time. All parts of the chicken are moist and tender. For 10 bucks you get 2 sides and 3 sauces with half of a chicken. I highly recommend this place!
Great place! Loved the food, the atmosphere, and the service. Would have enjoyed a cocktail, but at this time of year I'm scared of DUI. Funny thing - without booze, this was a pretty cheap dinner. Idea!
nom nom nom! I'm still new to the Peruvian food world, but this was oh so very good! whether you're familiar with Peruvian food or not. I had heard about Limon through a lot of different friends - friends from SF and from LA... so I had had this place bookmarked for some time... and then someone at work introduced me to awesome Peruvian food for the first time, and thus my interest in Limon further peaked and I knew I had to come give this place a try. I made a reservation through OpenTable knowing this place would be busy... unfortunately, we we're about 10 minutes late and our table was given away. It would of been nice to have received a call to confirm, but I guess that's not how they roll (just fyi)... We ended up waiting about another 10 minutes, and got seated downstairs - where it was much emptier, quieter, and more intimate than the busy main-floor, yay! The downstairs was much more open and roomy in comparison to the main-floor, and came stocked with its own bar... so I can see the downstairs also being very busy and lively when parties start coming in...Our (tr)eats:-- Pa Bravo Yo Cocktail ($9) | 5 starsPassion fruit, diced strawberries, and elderflower pisco... strong but well concealed with fruity goodness, what more can a girl ask for? (;--1/2 Pollo a la Brasa w/ choice of two sides ($9.95) | 4.5 stars The star of the show... the roasted chicken was succulent and well seasoned -you could eat it with or without the Aji sauces, and you would still be happy. The three sauces (a roasted chile sauce, a garlic cilantro sauce, and a Chimichurri sauce) were all very good ... favorite execution of the Aji sauces of all the Peruvian establishments I've tried - yum! For sides, we picked the tacu-tacu (bean and rice mixture) and yacu (root potato) fries. I wasn't a fan of the tacu-tacu, it was like eating grainy refried bean... meh. I did however really like the yuca fries and would definitely recommend getting them; they're OH SO DELICIOUS! starchy and sweet, and a perfect accompaniment with the chicken and with the sauces.--"Lomito" Saltado ($9.75) | 3.5 starsThe Peruvian carne asada fries, and a staple in Peruvian cuisine. Good and well prepared sirloin, nice overall flavors, but nothing extraordinary that I would order again... not to say its not worth a try.Prices are a little high for the portions being a bit small; but the quality and execution is just perfect - don't come starving and you'll be fine... Service was nothing extraordinary, but our water cups were never empty - so no too many complaints there. All around, I would definitely be a regular here if I lived in the city... their chicken is just that good! But until then, I will just crave and seek out a Limon of my own here in the burbs of SoCal.
Pros:Ceviche is refreshing and tastyFriendly waitersReasonable pricesChicken falls off the bone, seasoned nicelyYuca fries and seasoned veggies are GREATCons:Chicken isn't THAT uniqueNo waiting area, and it gets so crowded that the people waiting for a table start to crowd your seats
I ordered the ceviche and chicken with white rice and sweet potato fries and red wine based sangria. It was all SOOO good. I've never had such flavorful and tender chicken. The restaurant is small so if you don't want to wait too long go bit early around 6 and you'll have no problem with seating.
I'm putting in another vote for 'best rotisserie chicken ever.' And this is coming from a die-hard roli roti fan. My boyfriend and I went to Limon on a Saturday night and they were predictably packed. 45 minute wait, no big deal since we weren't starved anyway. We had a drink at the bar and before we knew it, we had a table. It's a small, cozy space - I'm still not sure how they accommodate so many people. The food came quickly - half a chicken with two sides (sweet potato fries and yuca frita) along with the skirt steak in red wine sauce. It was unreal and unbelievably, the bill came to a mere $20. I pay that much for shitty food at Baja Fresh. I mean, USED to pay. And only that one time. Oh and bonus - if you opt out of dessert at Limon, Humphry Slocombe is only a 10 minute walk. Anthony's Cookies is also pretty close. Just talk to me, I'm a GPS for sweets.
The food at Limon Rotisserie is excellent. The place is small and gets very loud when it's crowded - which is most nights. Be sure to make a reservation or you could be waiting a long time to be seated! The chicken and yucca fries are amazing. I tried the truffle mac & cheese for the first time last weekend and now it's on my list of favorites! Delicious!
It was a return to the scene of a yelp crime. The only place my fellow yelpers actually flagged my review for deletion because they didn't believe I went. Come on guys, a few years of elite status and hundreds of reviews and I can't get a little more respect? No worries, I didn't take it personally, and as you'll see from my previous update, my first review was restored and my credibility saved.But I had to go back. Clearly what I saw was the initial concept of something more casual with a takeout vibe, and since then it has become a vibrant, intimate and very popular smaller sibling of the larger original. I wanted the full experience.A few hours after being seated, hours that included an outstanding rotisserie chicken, fantastic and inventive halibut ceviche with choclo on the cob, superb veggies in a soy sauce blend and some you can't eat just one sweet potato fries, my only complaint was personal. I should have come back sooner.Our less than $60 bill includes two glasses of wine each. The food, the environment, the price, the service - all exceptional. I'd absolutely go back for thirds.
We had first wandered in here a while back when the Valencia St. Limon location was still closed. I had raved about Limon and told my friend to meet us there for dinner, not realizing they had closed it for renovations. I receive a concerned call from my friend saying that she was directed to some place on Van Ness. Puzzled, we drove there to find a rotisserie. Now, I went in there a little prejudiced. I was craving the fine "nouveau Peruvian" dining experience I once had. Instead, I got a different experience -- a homey experience with lots of flavor.The ceviches are a good way to start with their nice bright flavors. The chicken is super moist and tender. Served family-style with different sauces, it's a delicious opportunity to dig in with your hands and enjoy some grub with friends.The Valencia St. location is now open for that fine dining experience, but the Rotisserie is still a great option on my list.
Having decided that it's time to save some money, what to do? By that I mean, where to eat on the cheap? Limon Rotisserie. It's inexpensive and reputed to serve the chicken of the Gods. And the rest of the menu is supposed to take you to nirvana as well.So I get a quarter of the rotisserie chicken. A small side salad and tacu-tacu, a small, dense serving of rice and beans. The chicken was OK. The breast a bit dry, the whole not tasting of any particular marinade. Rather I think the chicken had been rubbed with some spice mixture that I didn't especially care for. The small side salad was OK, and the most notable feature of the tacu-tacu was its density.But the price was right (low) and the service was prompt. You know something though? For a few dollars more you can get really good chicken, with really good sides, prepared by really good chefs, in really good restaurants for not so very much more. The take home message to me: don't skimp on your food. Save elsewhere.
Damn, this chicken is crazy good!Tonight was my third time for the take-out rotisserie chicken. 1/2 chicken and two sides for $10.90, tax included??!!??!??!! WhereTF can you get such quality at this price????? I branched out this time and ordered the tacu tacu as my second side, instead of the simple green salad (I haven't weaned myself off the vegetales salteados as my first side). Tacu tacu is something authentically Peruvian, and I recommend it -- sort of a bean and rice croquette.If Limon's chicken wasn't twice as tasty as DeLessio's I'd let my previous four-star rating stand. But holy crap this chicken is good. And don't get me started about the roasted chix at Mollie Stone's, Andronico's, Whole Foods, or elsewhere -- all these are distant seconds and nothing in the city comes close to Limon as far as I've been able to discern.Maybe I'll try their boneless short ribs next time...
i came here after hearing about their famous rotisserie chicken. While we were waiting for a table, a man randomly asked B if it was his first time coming here after which he told B that everything here was fantastic. I guess that gave us high hopes. Plus, the place was packed. I really liked the casual and inviting atmosphere. The downstairs setup kind of looked like a club...maybe it was one before. Here's the breakdown: B ordered their mojito: He thought it didn't have a lot of alcohol in it. I thought it tasted good.Small cold plate: Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron halibut fillet and tiger shrimp---- nice thick slices of halibut, not sure if i noticed the tiger shrimp. Tasted fresh and lime sauce was good. Small hot plate: Carne a la Parrilla grilled hanger steak over tacu-tacu---- Great dish. The tacu tacu was a rice and bean pancake that went really well with the hanger steak. The steak was drenched in a smoky tasting sauce that i really liked as well. I would order this again. Sides: Yucca fries and Arroz----- The yucca fries were good though, let's face it, a lot of fried things automatically taste good. Tasted like fried yam/potato hybrid and looked like fat cuts of steak fries. B pointed out that the arroz (like oversized corn kernels) tasted better steamed than they did in the ceviche sauce. We also ordered all 4 of their sauces. The sauces made the meal more interesting because I pretty much dipped everything we ordered into each sauce at least once. Half rotisserie chicken----- was enough for two people to share. this surprised me because maybe it was too hyped. Not that great, Christina was right. The dark meat was way salty and this made the white meat just right. i give them credit for making white meat taste tender and juicy... but sadly at the expense of the dark meat. Yeah, I ate the skin..and it was damn salty as well (spoken by someone who loves salt). Raspberry and mango panna cotta---- This had excellent presentation and had a light creamyness to it, not too sweet and went well with the mango (which was like a mousse) and raspberry sauce. Overall, this place was good but didn't live up to the hype. The truth is, I would not come here for chicken at all.... Also, the servers were nice yet had a little trouble keeping our order straight.
Delicious! I like this Limon better than the one on Valencia. The chicken here is sooo flavorful and juicy. Oh the skin...delicious skin...ceviche, chicharrones, lomo saltado, yucca - all very tasty. Sangria is perfection.We did have to wait for almost half an hour, maybe more? But it was well worth it. There's a downstairs to the restaurant, that looks pretty swanky. I'd def come back here!
Wow, I loved everything about Limon Rotisserie. It's extremely affordable and the perfect place to go for 2 people. We got half a chicken and it comes with 2 sides for $9.50. The boyfriend was a little skeptical and thought it had to be $9.50 per person, but it was not!I really enjoyed the rotisserie chicken and I'm incredibly puzzled by reviews saying that their chicken is dry. I tried the white and dark meat and both were juicy and tender. The chicken comes with 3 sauces, 2 cream based ones and 1 Chimichurri. I liked to mix all 3 of them together for my dipping sauce.We ended up ordering 3 sides. Yucca fries, tacu tacu, and vegetables. You get 4 thick Yucca fries and I totally thought they would be starchy but they were crisp and delicious! Tacu tacu was breaded deep-fried rice and bean croquettes. I'm not the biggest fans of beans so this wasn't my my favorite and the breading was a little thick, but I still found it really tasty. The vegetables were a mixture of green beans, yellow beans and onions. They had a nice roasted flavor and weren't too salty. We also started our meal with a ceviche mixto, which came with fish, calamari and shrimp. I liked the citrus marinade and the seafood was fresh. I would say that the ceviche is on par with La Mar (although La Mar has different marinades, Limon only has 1 marinade).The bill came and it was $24 for the two of us. Seriously!? Such an affordable meal and at a nice restaurant. I will say that the portions are not big so if you go in a party greater than 2, you will probably need more small dishes. Also, the restaurant can get very noisy so it can be hard to have a conversation. Definitely recommend reservations. I will be coming back soon for sure!
Nice space and great food.
A group of us had dinner here last night for the 10th time. I always leave feeling completely satisfied. This visit I shared a whole chicken cut into 8 pieces. Our two sides consider of the sweet potato fries and the veggies. Since we already know that the fries are so delicious. We went ahead and placed an additional order of them. Their sangria is delicious and they provide you with a lot of fruits inside the sangria. If you do not drink you can be by with a whole chicken with 2 sides for slightly over $20 with tax and tip.If your looking for a great tasting meal and are on a budget. I recommend checking out Limon!Its a great date spot, the few times before I have been seated by couples. They always seem like their on there first date.
This place offers great food at a great price. My favorite thing was the vegetales salteados. The carne empanada and sweet potato fires were well fried and delicious. The chicken was good and flavorful and came with a variety of great dipping sauces.
Food, service were ok. Good chicken.
Dear Limon Rotisserie,You have failed miserably in making this surprise birthday dinner the hit it should have been. This is why:1. I informed the hostess we were all here for a surprise birthday dinner, so *hint hint* don't let the cat outta the bag! Duh, right? So what does she go do? She goes ahead and informs the birthday girl, "Everyone's waiting downstairs."WTF, you ruined the surprise.2. The table was so low I had to lean in - like hunchback of Notre Dame - to eat and I'm only 5 feet.3. Our table of 13 were split into 2 tables, 1 for the boys, 1 for the girls. The boys got ALL their dishes before us, and so did the party of 11 to our right who came in 20 minutes after we ordered.4. The sangria was sickeningly sweet, as if a box of Splenda accidentally found its way into the carafe.5. The food was overly salty to the point I was crying out for the water I never received, until at the very end of my meal, after we paid for it.6. I asked for the cake we brought and the waiter goes, "What cake?"Mofo, the cake we brought when we walked into the restaurant.*Sigh*Limon Rotisserie, you are the epitome of good restaurants gone bad. As a result, you single-handedly transformed a mediocre restaurant into a place worthy of only 1 star due to your inadequate service and your skewed perception of cooking measurements. You, my friend, need some help.Love,Lisa
This was my first time at a Peruvian restaurant and it was delicious! We got there on a Friday night and were worried it would be a long wait - it wasn't long at all! They have a downstairs area so we got a small table down there. We had the rotisserie chicken (of course) along with the veggies and the sirloin plate. We also got strawberry lemonade and mango lemonade. The food and the drinks were all delicious and the service was wonderful!
Really cute place. Nice ambiance and music. Very lively.Now to get down to the goods.THE GOOD:Their food was damn good. We ordered their lomito saltado, ceviche, and one of their chicken dishes. Now if you know peruvian food, you've probably tasted lomo saltado. Well L R's lomito saltado, is a smaller version of that. Same ingredients, same goodness, veeeerrry good. They even have a selection of homemade drinks. My boyfriend got their mango lemonade. One word, DELISH!THE BAD & UGLY: Small portions. It's like a tease. Such good food, such small portions. And for anyone not an SF native parking is horrendous (It's street parking).All and all, everyone should try it at least once.
Oh. My. Goodness. One, if not the best meals I've ever had. Everything was perfectly cooked and was extremely tasty!
3.5 stars. This place had yummy food... 4 stars... but the service could have been better... thus 3 stars... came with a big group, during convention week... even with our reservation, they wouldn't seat us until the whole party arrived, and even then we got seated about 30 minutes later. we ordered a LOT of tapas for us to share in the peruvian yumminess.... as we had a few pitchers of Sangria (yummy! order it this way it's cheaper and y'all can share) I only noted the ones I really liked on my phone... and not all the ones we ordered. ROTISSERIE WHOLE CHICKEN - huge portions, really flavorful and not dry. (i'm particular with my chicken... and this was super tasty) YUCA FRIES - wow... i've only had yuca fries in SoFlo, and this blew them out of the water. yum! BEEF STEW - this tasted like the viet dish, 'bo kho' flavors and all, so i loved it. everyone else did too. :) deef fried BEAN N RICE (croquettes?) - yum. small little balls of carby goodness... definitely something to share. CEVICHE - awesome citrusy yumminess... the fish was awesome as was the squid in it. :) STEAK and FRIES - really flavorful, the sauce was great, even when the steak was gone, we were all dipping the fries in the sauce. BEAT POTATO SALAD - yummy! I love beets!
It's a shame I have to give them 1 star, particularly because I can surmise that their food is delectable (given that I've visited the Limon on Valencia) but the customer service was appalling. This is my warning to those who think their reservation will be honored by this establishment.Here's what happened:My girlfriend and a number of her friends are having a reunion and made reservations for 6:30 pm on August 7th. After having made the reservation a while in advance, they get called and notified that our party has been bumped back 2 hours (from 6:30pm to 8:30pm) because a larger party (of 20) wanted the same time. For the love of God, what is the point of having a reservation system if you're not going to honor it?! I understand the yearning for more business, but it's not as if this place is unheard of or doesn't get enough business; for Limon to be so stingy and disrespectful was really upsetting.I was pretty pissed about this fact alone, but we went with it, anticipating amazing food. We arrived at 8:30pm, and had to wait even more. A few minutes is understandable, but after a good 20 minutes we wondered what was going on. We asked the matire d' what was up, and he informed us that the party of 20 had paid but was lingering. Come on! You bump us back 2 hours and then let this group sit around for a good 20 minutes after paying while we stand out in the cold?! They don't boot the party till 9:15 at which point I was beyond fed up. I tell the maitre d' that bumping reservations is a deplorable business practice, that they won't receive my business, and that they'll receive a yelp review warning others. Worst part is that another one of my friends had gone here for his birthday and gotten a similar treatment (made to wait a good half hour despite the reservation and when he commented to a waiter the response he got was "not my problem, go complain on Yelp." Well, consider your advice acted upon. We went to Taqueria Cancun after; delicious Mission super burrito, you soothe my frustration sooo well...
A good friend from grad school took me here on a recent visit to San Francisco, and I'll be back the next time I'm in the city. I'm not an expert on Peruvian food, but this place has a cool ambiance and the ceviche, beef hearts, and sake mojito's were all plus dishes with great flavoring.Strangely, we didn't get to the rotisserie chicken, so I really do have to go back.
Good food with small local SF restaurant ambience.
I've been dying to try this place ever for a while and let me tell you, I wasn't disappointed!Limon Rotisserie offers the all in one dining experience which in the end surpasses Versailles in LA and meets my 5 star criteria:1. Ambience/decor CHECK- tis colorful, inviting, fun, and charming but not too noisy. Dig the 50% window walls, allowing for natural sunlight.2. Food CHECK- the food is so delicious and tasty that you can't help but clean your entire plate. The chicken is perfectly crispy and flavored and not greasy and sauces that come with it are amazing, almost like the the kind you would see at Indian restaurants. The ceviche rocks and so do the yucca fries and the choclo (think oversized kernels of white corn).3. Price CHECK- affordable, need I say more?4. Service CHECK- they have friendly and attentive waiters.5. Location CHECK- unless you're a local, you wouldn't spot this restaurant easily since it's away from all the foot traffic in the Mission.Great for dates, small groups, families and one-on-one chats with friends, the fairly small restaurant manages to do everything right. My only regret is not trying their caipirinha or sangria.
Went here for a birthday party and loved it! We had the chicken, empanadas,ceviche and it was all VERY good! Definitely a must try!!!
Everything was good and I don't exaggerate when it comes to food reviews.Musts- pollo a la brass, the rotisserie chicken, juicy and flavorful. Seco Castillo, the braised beef. Empanadas. Ceviche, the fish and shrimp are refreshing. For dessert, the chocolate cake.Pretty good- tacu tacu, rice and beans fried in a ball. Lomito saltado, the steak was kind of chewy but everything else about it was tasty. Yuca was okay, normal.The sangria and mojitos were dope. Not too sweet.The sauces are great, all 3 of them. I think I can eat anything with those sauces.FYI, you'll have rank burps for the rest of the day/ night after you eat here. But it's worth it.I went to Limon twice in three days.
This place should not call itself a restaurant, its more of a fast food joint with table service.Went on a Monday night, the place was 1/2 empty, they tried to give us the table next to the door which was way too cold to sit at when folks would come in and out, then they wanted to sit us near the bathroom, so I just sat myself where I wanted and said "this table will be fine."Like I said, the place was slow, I was in no rush and I was having a great time talking with my dinner partner and the waiter would come by every 2 mins to see if we were ready to order, I said "no, give us a few minutes." Well he was back in 1 minute.I felt like he wanted to turn the table fast but the place was empty its not like there was a huge line out the door.I ordered a few items just to get the waiter off my back and he looked at us and said "that's all?" I replied, no its just to start with, the waiter followed up and asked "so what else do you want?"Geeze, it went on like that all night. Pushy waiters made the dinner so uncomfortable that I cant even rate the food. Heck they were trying to take the plates before we finished too.Not going back.
1 Appetizer (ceviche mixto)1 Salad (de vegetables)1/2 Chicken (mmmmmmmmm)2 sides (veggies and sweet potato fries)3 glasses of SangriaAll for less than $50The price is definitely right.The ceviche was deliciously tangy. There are several ceviches on the menu, next time I'll try them all! I'm not a rotisserie connoisseur so I'll leave the chicken comments to every other reviewer of this restaurant, but you can order 1/4, 1/2 or a whole chicken, so no excuses not to have a bite. The Sangria is good...we drank up as we waited for our table...and waited....and drank...and waited.This is my only complaint. We (2 of us) arrived without a reservation. They were not listed on Open Table and we didn't bother to call. We were quoted 20-25 minutes which seemed reasonable. Nearly 7 hours went by...okay maybe 45 minutes (but it seemed like 7 hours with no place to sit and relax and servers brushing by us in the close quarters) and there was nary a diner around that was even nearing dessert. tick tock, tick tock.We finally scoped out 2 seats at the bar (there were only 5, so I wouldn't generally consider eating at the bar as an option). I'll definitely be back. Next time, though, I"ll call ahead.
As Jane S. said, "Chicken was tasty, but a little on the salty side for me. The accompanying sauces, though, were amazing."Word-for-word confirmation from me. I think they oversalted the chicken in order to crisp up the skin especially, but it WAS really a bit too salty.A whole chicken is too much food for 2 people on a date, and that's coming from a fatty like me. Maybe we had trouble eating it all because it was too salty though. I will agree that it's a good value for the money. $17 nets you a whole chicken + 2 sides.We got the tacu-tacu and sweet potato fries. The fries were a good sweet getaway from the saltiness of the chicken. Tacu-tacu I was not impressed with since it was just a dense brick of fried rice and beans shaped into something that resembled a twinkie. Yeahhhhhh.Also tried the chicken chowder soup - in short, don't bother with it. It was the rotisserie chicken shredded into some salty-ish broth, sprayed with a little lime and sprinkled with cilantro/parsley.Didn't have a chance to try the ceviche, but I'll keep this place in mind for big groups because food comes out fast and its priced for value.
I was with a big group. Our organizer called in advance, the manager chose where to seat us. We got chased out of the restaurant. Literally. I will never come back here. Ever. I have no idea if it was because we didn't order enough or bc sitting for two hours (approx 30-45 min consumed by ordering and getting food) was excessive. All I know is that they took away our plates with food still on them when our backs were turned talking. Seriously. When we complained the server reached across the table and grabbed a fork from someone else that maybe was unused and put it in front of my friend. Seriously, I personally saw this. Go get chicken somewhere else. The sides were not that unique or tasty. And next time, if you want a table reservation for 20 in this economy, pick a restaurant that appreciates the exposure and business because this place clearly does not.
Being named Limon Rotisserie one would think you should order the rotisserie chicken. Now this doesn't work with reverse psychology, but then you see everyone ordering it so you get reversed again. I guess you pretty much have to order the rotisserie chicken not because of reverse psychology, but because it's delicious. Maybe I shouldn't have told you to order it. Now you won't order it. Don't order it! Mixed Celviche is goodRotisserie Chicken, dark meat, tender and moistSweet Potatoes Fries are delicious.Short Ribs were a little dryThis place is good for groups and sharing all the dishes. A new favorite.
Definitely a must try in San Francisco!My friends and I went here for a birthday dinner and had practically EVERYTHING on the menu, including two whole chickens. No joke. My favorites were the chicken (tender and juicy), Saltido, papa fritas, and any of the ceviches. You won't go wrong with any of the food. Also, ask for their hot sauce - it is by far THE spiciest sauce I ever had, but extremely addicting and tastes good with all the food.The service was great - even though we were a big group, they checked on us often and gave us a yummy dessert for my friend's bday. The prices are terrific: for all the food we ordered and the five pitchers of sangria we finished, each person only paid $20 (including tax and service fee!)
One of our favorites! The food never disappoints. The must try items:Pollo a la Brasa - Juicy and delicious, especially paired with the sauces. A half chicken is good for two people if you are ordering other sides.Lomito Saltado - The flavors blend spectacularly and the beef is cooked perfectly.Empanadas - They come out freshly made and very tasty. Both the beef and the chicken are good choices.Tacu Tacu - Rice and bean mixture that is a good accompaniment to the chicken.Vegetales Salteados - Has some of the flavors from the lomito but is a side dish.The afternoons don't seem to be super busy and I haven't had to wait for a table. The evenings can be busy, though, (especially Friday and Saturday nights) so reservations are helpful.
I've been told this place is quite amazing and delicious. I don't doubt the food is pretty good, but it's really the rotisserie chicken that makes it. We had a table of 9 people, so they gave us a suggestive family style menu. You can choose the 25 or 30/person menu, of course being the fatties we were, chose the $30/person menu. It starts off with 4 appetizers, tuna tartare, ceviche, ensalada mixta, ensalada rusa, 3 small hot plates, lomito saltado, chicarron de pollo, beef empanadas, and of course their famous pollo a la brasa. I really liked the lomito and the tuna tartare. The ceviche came out really sour and the pollo a la brasa was dry. BUT, they did throw in yucca fries for me, which were PHENOMENAL! I think I was the only person eating them and I finished the 2/3 plates that was on the table. It's definitely a fun spot to take your big group of friends since they can accommodate the party downstairs. It does get really loud.
So I emailed Limon a copy of the review I left, about being asked to leave less than a minute after our party had signed the credit card slip. They are really full of themselves, not even a reply. I mean come on people, it is just chicken. You can get it at Safeway ready to go and there is not that much difference. Maybe they should open up a takeout fast food place, that is how they behave. Another diner had the same experience apparently, on a Tuesday of all nights. Pathetic.They really are NOT authentic Peruvian if they want people to RUSH through their meals.
Well, hell yeah. I mean, si!It feels like South America (as a Peruvian resto, I s'pose it should). And Spain. And San Francisco. The atmosphere is intimate, but still good for small-ish groups. The price range was just what we were looking for to celebrate "birthday" dinner. Its no taqueria Tuesday, but I was surprised by the reasonable prices for these shared, tiny plates of happy.Tempranillo was a good starter, and they have a pretty good list of vino. Ahi tuna tartar was good. Lomito saltado was my favorite of the entrees (they know what they're doing with their beef), and the empanadas rocked my world.Desserts were so-so, including macaroons that no one, especially the guy with braces, could eat without struggling. The bandido (flourless chocolate cake) was tasty, though, and dessert is really a piddly little complaint in an otherwise great spot I'm definitely adding to the rotation.
Had the carne a la parilla which was absolutely delicious. Have to deduct a star though, because the portion size was so small, I literally could have eaten this 3 times and I specifically ordered a non-tapas item.
I live a block from here and finally decided to check it out. The food is good, the ceviche and chicken are great, I like the empanadas as well. Its always busy with people waiting outside, the crowd is dressed well and it has a fun lively atmosphere. Bartender was making a lot of blended and colorful mixed drinks. I like the architecture and design of the place inside as well, very cool. Good place for a date or place to share a bunch of little plates with friends.
good food with low price. the chicken is very tasty, although it could be a little less salty.
I am trying to write this review based on memory since I came here awhile back for a friends birthday. All I remember was coming here after work and afraid I was going to miss dinner. It took me about 30min - 1 hour to look for parking. Luckily I drove a smaller car and not my SUV. Make sure you give yourself LOTS of time for parking. We had a party over 20 and was cramped to the right side of the room. It was very inefficient in terms of ordering drinks and eating comfortably. I believe eating here with a smaller party would be more intimate. As for food, we ordered family style and shared everything. Since this dinner event experience was shared with Jowin (please refer to Jowin C. review for the food descriptions)Nothing stood out at Limon Rotisserie for me to return, but wouldn't mind coming back for another try and giving an actual opinion on the food.
Introduced to this place by a few friends. We went to the one on Valencia a few weeks ago, and I think the food here is much better (different menu, of course). We got the Rotisserie Chicken, Yucca Fries, Vegetable Empanadas and some sort of rice. Food was excellent, but seating arrangements were way too tight! A big plus was when we received the bill, not too bad for 4 people!
i'm a huge fan of limon rotisserie. i noticed quite a few reviewers noting that they have a bad reservation system/inattentive staff, but i haven't had any problems with either. i think i've been there 4 or 5 times now and each time has been great! last night they were even super accommodating and nice when we had to push back our reservation TWICE because it was halloween and muni was running even more ineptly than usual. i've only had to wait on one occasion when we walked in with no reservation. we sat at the bar and had pisco sours while we waited, and really i could wait for hours (didn't have to) so long as i could drink pisco sours while i waited.their rotisserie chicken is amazing--best i've ever had. so tender with perfectly crispy skin. it can be ordered as a quarter serving, half, or whole, and is served with two sides. so much food, it's a great bargain.. and delicious! also the chicken comes with 3 dipping sauces that are each fantastic and add even more delectability to the already perfect-on-it's-own chicken.for the sides, i think the tacu-tacu (like a rice & bean mixture, that is kind of fried and crispy... it's really good. get it), and the papas fritas are my favorites.their truffle mac 'n' cheese is also really good, as are the queso empanadas (an order comes with 2). i would definitely order either of these dishes (or, if you are obsessed with cheese, like me, get both!)and finally... to round it all out... some steak! the lomito saltado is excellent, with juicy pieces of top sirloin stir-fried with french fries, onions and tomatoes in a salty soy sauce-based sauce. definitely another stand-out from their menu.always a perfect meal. and i must reiterate: PISCO SOUR. now it's really perfect!
SF never seems to disappoint my taste buds thanks to my local friends recommendations but occasionally some eateries are truly memorable. Limon is a fun and unpretentious restaurant that serves well for a family, friends, or date spot but more importantly it delivers memorable food.For a large group you can order many tapas styled plates but do not hesitate to order multiple dishes of pollo, jalea, tacu-tacu, and probably the best yucca I've ever tasted. But don't tell my central and south american in-laws I said that!
Finger-licking, moist, tender and juicy chicken is what you get at Limon. 2 sides accompany the chicken and we double up on the yucca fries. Order the sangria - it a party in your mouth. Downside: The restaurant is tiny and always super packed. Call ahead for ressies (they only take ressies for a party of 5) and make sure every member of your party is present or they will not seat you. The upside: Great quality food at a budget friendly price! Ultra friendly waiters.
It's been a year since my birthday dinner. I dream about this place. I don't know how it's possible that a year has gone by and I haven't been back. I used to go once a month. Psst: The secret to a large party is the lounge downstairs...yucca fries+sauce+chicken+ swig of sangria= heaven in your mouth.
We absolutely LOVE the Limn family restaurants. They have made us extremely fond of Peruvian food. Our first taste of their gastronomical expertise was at their Fresno location. Ever since then we've been craving more. Timing finally allowed us to drive up north to the city as this was the spot where my wife wanted to have her birthday dinner. Reservations were set and we were excited because we knew we were in for a treat. The neighborhood is questionable and parking is nonexistent but then again this is San Francisco. Luckily after driving in circles I found a parking spot right next to the restaurant. The line was out the door and people were standing in every spot possible. It was insanely windy outside so nobody wanted to be out there. I felt bad for the servers and patrons near the door as this is a small restaurant and to top it off you have people just standing and waiting to be seated. We did not let any of that deter us as the wonderful aroma in the air enhanced the anticipation. There was a small crowded bar at one corner and we squeezed in as soon as a couple that left was seated. Of course we had to order their Sangria which till this day is the best tasting Sangria EVER. The wait to be seated was longer than we would've hoped for but we understood because this place was so freaking packed. Even then the waiters moved along happy and made everyone feel comfortable. At one point a chick came in with her baby in a car seat and we just remember thinking..."oh oh". But the waiters gladly helped her out. It seemed like nothing stressed these guys out.  Our names were finally called and our server Eduardo moved us and our Sangrias over to our table. The entire time he was upbeat, informative and fairly quick considering the dinner rush. The menu was much simpler than the one in Fresno and it seemed mostly everything minus the Rotisserie chicken was served tapas style. But we easily found many things we wanted to try. The restaurant itself is simple and small with tables in every spot possible. Not my first choice for her birthday dinner but since wifey wanted her ceviche it was a go.Ceviche Mixto - This stuff just melted in your mouth. Tops in the ceviche world. My wife was in heaven. $9.25Chicharron de Pollo - Wow...easily the best tasting piece of chicken I've ever had...I'm salivating right now just thinking of it. $8.00Camaron a la Parilla - The shrimp was good. Nothing spectacular if anything on the cold side but still good. $8.50Carne a la Parilla - Amazing slices of meat. Juicy and tender coated with a finger licking $8.95Sangria pitcher - Light & refreshingly DELICIOUS - Get one or two. G-Catalpa Malbec - I didn't care much for this Spanish wine. I've yet to find a Spanish wine I care for. I find them to be too strong. $8.50Our meal was perfect. The service was tops. Oh and those dipping sauces were so good I could drink them straight up. We did miss some of their items in the Fresno location but that was not a big deal. We made sure to tell Eduardo how great the food and service was and that's when he told us how much he appreciated the comments. It turned out to be that he was one of the owners. He was so happy we enjoyed ourselves and he told us we had to try their other SF location. We haven't tried it yet but we will. On my way to the restroom I discovered a stairway downstairs. It was a smaller room with more tables and what appeared to be a small dance floor and dj booth. Eduardo told me at night it turns into a club and we could return for free if we liked. Too bad we already had plans for the night otherwise we would've checked it out. As we wrapped up they brought my wife complimentary birthday treat with candles. I believe it was their bandido dessert which is a Flourless chocolate cake, with brandy chocolate sauce bananas and lucuma crme anglaise. We were stuffed and we are not chocolate fans but it was good...especially those bananas. These guys know what they are doing and it shows all across the board. We are huge fans. Needless to say we tipped him generously. We heart Limn and we can't wait to return. Give it a try...I think you too will be addicted.
Great food but don't come here with children. We came at 5 pm. There were empty tables everywhere but they still made us feel very uncomfortable and fold up our strollers and hold the kids on our laps. The waiter kept coming back just to make sure we felt unwelcome.
Finally had the chance to actually go there and sit down for food. Everything is better in person and that's almost unbelievable when you imagine how good their to go menu is.Ordered a whole chicken for two, comes with two sides. I ordered sweet potato fries and veggies.Chicken, as always, was outstanding. The Sauces were really good as well, they're called "Aji" sauces. Fries were crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside with an almost caramel flavor. Tasted absolutely great. The veggies are always incredible.All in all a great place to eat and the pricing is fair.
Small, casual & comfortable. They don't take ressies, but we had no problem getting a table 7ish on a Tues night. They do good meats here - chicken is their centerpiece (shouldn't go here if you don't want chicken). Tender and flavorful. As were their hearty beef short ribs. Service was quick. Chicha morada purple corn drink like punch. Nice sangria. Sides ok -vegetales salteados uninteresting, sweet potato fries good. Ceviche mixto with the corn kernels on steroids was overpowering in the lime department. I was not that enthused about their lemon tart. Go for the meats.
This place was not what I expected.. we ordered the lomo saltido (flavorless, rubbery meat), beef empanada (best thing here), the half rotisserie chicken, the crispy chicken and a whole lot of drinks including the imperial beer ( which tasted like coors light..)The chicken was ok.. but I like the rotisserie chicken at Morning Due Cafe MUCH better. This one lacked as much flavor and was pretty oily. The bill came out to 72 bucks which is much cheaper than expected for five people but still not worth it. With such great competition in the mission, I dont think I'll ever be back..
I went to Limon a looong time ago (probably about 2.5 years ago...) but can still remember the AMAZING ceviche (literally the best I have ever had and ever expect to have... until I come back!) and the delicious mojito. Our upstairs table was also very romantic with the dim lighting. I think I better consider taking my bf for a date here soon!
It's been a while since I ate here, but here's what I remember:the roasted chicken, which is what they're known for, was definitely worth knowing. i think it was like a calamari ceviche, but it was really refreshing, citrusy, and good.sangria was boooooomb. yes, i said boooooomb. if i didn't have to work early the next day, i would have ordered more.i think we had the yucca fritas which were sweet, crispy, and came with bueno aoli. i can't remember the other things we ordered, except that everything i tasted was good. which is all you really need to know anyway. :)
As a kid, I never really had a core circle of friends that I grew up with, a group that I stayed with and developed a close kinship that lasted for years and years. Until, that is, freshman year at the dorms. There's just something about being thrown into a forced living situation with several dozen of your peers that makes for an instant bonding experience. It's like prison, minus the part where your roommate makes you his bitch. Well, for most people. Anyway, one of the reasons I relish my occasional San Francisco work trips is for the chance to catch up with these old college friends, some of whom I've now known for over a decade. It was on such a trip recently that we decided to check out Limon Rotisserie for a small group dinner. We love using my visits to the city as an impetus to try out new food; we seem to gravitate towards shareable food, so tapas-style places are a recurring option. It was no surprise then, that we chose to go to Limon Rotisserie as we could share the rotisserie chicken and order 1-3 small plates each and a) have plenty of food to go around, and b) be able to try a great variety of tasty dishes.The chicken, as it should be, was a great centerpiece to the meal, with the crispy skin particularly standing out. The ceviche mixto was lightly tart, with the seafood cooked in the acidic juices just enough. The fried yucca was so good we had to order it twice. In fact, when we finished the first round of dishes, we all looked at each other, took a beat... and one of us said "I think I could eat more." We were all relieved, because we'd all been thinking the same thing. In fact one of the guys had already started silently wondering what he had to snack on at home since we clearly hadn't filled up. All in all we ended up ordering probably 3/4 of the small plates menu, plus 2 pitchers of sangria. Speaking of the devil, that sangria is the devil's juice... if the devil was a handsome swarthy Peruvian gentleman with a deft touch with rioja, brandy and fruits.Our small group is like a favorite sweater at this point - you don't always break it out, but it's always comfortable when you do, and it always brings back good memories. As we ate and drank and generally made merry, we didn't realize that eventually we were the last party in the place. And yet our servers never forcibly ushered us out, or even intruded in the smallest way; not a clearing of the throat or a noticeable banging of silverware, none of that. When we did finally notice that we were holding up the restaurant's closing, we kept right on ignoring them and went back to our conversation. Actually, no, we decided that it was finally time to call it a night and bade each other our fare-thee-wells. Until next time...
we came here on a monday night and didnt wait long for our table. she told us we couldnt be seated until our complete party was present but we sat down minus one anyways. we sat at the table facing the door and it was pretty cold. i couldnt decide whether to take off or put on my jacket ... food - so good! chicken comes with two dipping sauces. it was so flavorful we got 1.5 chickens for the 6 of us. we also got yucca fries, sweet potato fries, ceviche pescado. all very good. i didnt understand why the giant corn wasnt off the cob that accompanied some dishes ... the beet salad was unexpected but also good. we also had empanadas, short ribs, tacu tacu, vegetables side. everything tasted really good. the jaela is like fried calamari but also with shrimp and yucca. the tacu tacu is like a giant fried rice and bean ball.and their sangria tastes like juice.
Limon Rotisserie was the oasis that I ran to with my boyfriend this Sunday to escape the pouring rain. We were cold, wet, and hungry and Limon gave us the warm yummy lunch that fortified us before our long walk home. We ordered the chicken as well as the fried chicken (forgot the name) small plate. The orders came quickly and the food was delicious! Would definitely recommend the yuca fries. Mm...yuca..Service was pretty good - they were a little short staffed with only two waiters serving the ever-growing crowd. Overall, yummy.
Amazing, highly addictive chicken and great service wrapped in a fun atmosphere.
Mediocre and uninteresting. Ceviche was good if unimpressive. Ensalada Rosa was essentially potato salad with a few beets for color and equivelent in taste to a decent market salad. Beef short rib weren't as good as Home's old Thursday night special. Chicharrones were simply fried bits of chicken. Getting in was a nightmare and made worse by the fact they forgot to put our names on the wait list, twice! On the plus side it was my birthday... hmm, guess that wasn't really a plus.
After a long drive up from SoCal my friend and I were starving. Limon Rotisserie was on my list of potential dinner spots so we decided to give it a go.Ordered the 1/2 rotisserie chicken (came with 2 sides--we ordered fries and seasoned veggies + 3 dipping sauces) for ~10 bucks. Chicken was well seasoned and moist-- and the dipping sauces were great as well (especially the one with the oil/cilantro mixture).Fries were good (probably would try something else on the sides menu next time though)Highly recommend the seasoned veggies-- these were delicious and I wish we had more to eat =] Overall, great food, fair prices, and everything is served family style.
Mina-trust me my review was very honest. The policy of only seating once half the party arrived was not an issue, what was an issue was the hypocrisy of telling me you'd seat us when half of us were thereAnd then refusing to do so. And then refusing to sit 2 members of the group, which I didn't mention that the group size was still under the size given when we made reservations. The rudeness and lack of consideration from the manager began upon arrival, so it was definitely not a matter of us staying too long. Our experience was obviously not as pleasant as yours have been.Below is my original reviewThe food here at Limon Rotisserie is great. This review is mainly about the awful service my party and I were given this weekend. I can't explain in full detail as it would take a novel but I'll just say we were treated as if they were doing us a favor by allowing us to eat there. We had reservations for our group gathering. Upon arrival we were told seating would commence when half the group arrived. Within 5 minutes over half the group was there and then the manager was asking for a recount of the final group size and still didn't want to seat us. Once we were seated it seemed like the setup was just thrown together in some U-shaped mess where people in certain areas of the tables had their backs to other members of the group. 2 additional friends ended up arriving and the manager literally refused to seat them saying this exceeded the number I gave him as if this was fire code or something, I'm a paying customer who chose his restaurant for a specialOccasion and he's gonna refuse to seat friends of mine? Not good business practice or just etiquette in general if you ask me. Finally he acts like he is doing me a favor and brings 2 more chairs. Anyway we had a good dinner but the check was brought before the birthday cake was even served, I felt we were being rushed out. Funny theyd be trying to get rid of a group that tallied up to this point almost $600 dollars worth of food and drinks and had doneNothing wrong other than miscalculate our group size. So ok we do the cake I settle up the bill and then a member of the group buys some rounds of drinks for everyone. Well at this point the waiters and busboys allComeIn and basically start removing chairs and whatever they can and the manager keeps coming over looking as if he wants us to go. We're not just loitering we're still at this point paying customers. We finish up and leave I briefly spoke with the manager on the way out and told him it was regrettable about the confusion, just trying to be the bigger man. I don't know if this is par for the course there with larger groups or if they were overwhelmed or what but it seemed like they made it way more difficult than it needed to be. I was very disappointed as I have been to Limon multiple times and didn't expect this. Like I said the food is great so I will probably still call in my order for pickup but don't know if I'd want to eat in after this.
Here's a gauntlet, to all you chicken joints out there, not withstanding lake shore bakery, roscoes and the little skillet I've yet to try, take a page from out this here playbook... make it moist, make it juicy, add some flavor and flare, chop it up and serve it on a plate faster than the vibration of a cesium atom that denotes the span of time we call a second. Then and only then can you call yourself a rotisserie joint! So that's what I thought. I gotta be honest however, the downstairs is a bit of a drag. The half restaurant, half club feel with speakers on sticks and a DJ, ok, I admit it, I'm getting old, but didn't do much for me. The pork shoulder was great, the sangria not terribly memorable but thirst quenching, but the chicken, ay papi! Now that's where it's at. Come to rotisserie, come to where the flavor is. However you get here, fixie, car, burro or otherwise, get a bloody chicken, or two!
Very good, clean and fun place to go for a delightful rotisserie chicken and empanadas.I tried a lot of things on the menu and nothing was disappointing, solid flavors, nice ambiance and attentive service are all ++.I know everyone mentions the rotisserie chicken so I will give some credit to the empanads (perfectly seasoned filling and fragrant buttery crust) and the ceviche, really good tangy and refreshing!
If you don't like this restaurant then you need to get your taste buds checked by a doctor. They should hang an old Marlboro ad in this restaurant with the tag line. "Welcome to flavor country!" Order a mojito and start with some ceviche de pescado. The lime is juice is just right adding the perfect compliment to the incredibly fresh halibut. Continue on by ordering the empanadas filled with a wonderful concoction of savory meat packed into a light flaky pastry pocket. The yucca fries defy the laws of nature with crispy exteriors and silky smooth insides. Try the tacu tacu as well. Don't be deceived by the simple description of this dish, you've never had rice and beans like this before. Finally, the rotisserie chicken is an explosion of flavor. Naturally the dark meat is the star but Limon manages to deliver succulence on the breast as well. Order the whole chicken, even if you don't finish you'll have fantastic leftovers the next day. Limon is definitely on my list of top picks in San Francisco.
Mama and her hubby were in town, so I had to pick somewhere extra delicious for dinner. Since they were visiting from the suburbs, I also wanted to pick something city-ish. And since I'm selfish, I also wanted to cross another item off the Big Eat SF List. Limon Rotisserie covered all three criteria. #37: Rotisserie Chicken from Limon Rotissesrie.The chicken is the star of the show here. So, first you pick your chicken (quarter, half, or whole), then you pick your small plates (variety of hot and cold), then you pick your side(s).We went with:*Half Rotisserie Chicken: wow, I haven't had chicken this good in awhile. I was getting bored with chicken until Limon Rotisserie reminded how delicious it can be when done right. Juicy, flavorful, perfectly seasoned. Don't even try to not eat the skin, it's the best part.*Ceviche Mixto: halibut, calamari and tiger shrimp marinated with lime juice, rocoto, garlic and served with choclo-on-the-cob, camote and cancha. Bursting with lime deliciousness, I especially loved the halibut. What is choclo-on-the-cob you ask? It's pretty much gigantic corn. I hate corn in all variations, but I especially hate giant corn. More corn flavor per bite....sick. Luckily this was on the side so I could steer clear.*Chifa de Camarones: tiger shrimp sauted with ginger, garlic, rocoto and oyster sauce. This one is a hot plate, two skewers of 3 shrimp, served over fried potatoes and a delicious green sauce. I was glad to have a pool of sauce here since we quickly ran out of the sauce served with the side dish. *Jalea: mixture of crispy seafood, yuca and salsa criolla served with huacatay tartar sauce. Why are fried things so good? I loved the tartar sauce, but there was definitely not enough of it for maximum dipping enjoyment. Don't be shy, request extra sauce!*Sweet Potato Fries: Yum! Hard to go wrong with any form of friend potato in my book. I loved the green and orange dipping sauces, but they ran out before the fries did. I am a big sauce person. I was pretty impressed with my restaurant selection; we ate literally every single bit of food on the table. They do need some help with their dessert menu, though. Only three options, none of which were Peruvian sounding or incorporated any of the flavors from the menu. But, service was friendly and helpful, prices are reasonable, the food was prepared quickly, and it was delicious. All in all, it's hard to go wrong at Limon Rotisserie!!
LOVE THIS PLACE! The team at Limon rocks! From their food to the way they cater to their clients, to their professionalism in the restaurant business. I LOVE LIMON and their staff. I recently hosted my birthday dinner here and let me tell you... I was impressed on how they handled it. It was a party of 40 people, and the way they dealt with seating to breaking up the bills per table was so easy and professional. For the second time in a row, I give these guys not only 5 stars but 10! You guys ROCK!!! and thank you for making my whole party feel comfortable and feel right at home!
So I don't have a lot of money. That's why I like to get the most bang for my buck, and also why I try on sub-labels, buy generic brands, and eat at "sister" restaurants. When I initially opted to try out Limon, I had my heart set on it until I saw the third $. So I went for the next best thing...Limon Rotisserie. The chicken is so amazing and the deal is so good for tapas. I went there with two girlfriends, (and believe you me, we CAN eat), and yet our bill was just about $35 each. Trust, we had practically TWO of everything).LIMON (ROTISSERIE) IS GOOD.
I've been here twice now and I can truly say that Limon Rotisserie is one of the best places in the City to go to for an affordable meal, with great service and a vibrant atmosphere!!!Everyone from the General manger to the hostess and our servers were nothing but helpful!! We ordered plate after plate of Peruvian goodness and Sangria by the pitcher. Everyone (almost all first timers) were blown away by the tasty tapas. Some of our favorite dishes were: Chicharron de Pollo, "Lomito" Saltado and of course the rotisserie Chicken!!I had brought in a cake and Antonio (GM) did let me know that there would be a $2/person cake cutting fee, which I thought was fair (they sliced, served and brought glasses of water for everyone). At the end of the night, our party of 14, was filled with great food, slightly buzzed with amazing sangria and each walked out the door throwing down $30/person (including tax & tip). I can't say enough of how great Limon Rotisserie is! You'll just have to go check it out for yourself.
Come here with a friend and my o my is it popular. Very crowded but we were able to get a cozy seat in the corner. We got straight to business and ordered the half chicken and the ceviche mixto per recommendation by the yelp community. The ceviche mixto was excellent. Quite refreshing and you could tell the seafood was fresh with the absence of the rubbery texture found in most low quality ceviches. The chicken was the perfect amount. I usually am not too impressed with nice restaurants that serve chicken, since chicken is one of the easiest meats to prepare and hardest to ruin, but this rotisserie chicken was mighty tasty. They do to chicken what MSG does to chinese food....mmmhhhmmmm
Went here for lunch today with a good friend who I went backpacking with in South America last year. The food is awesome! We didn't go for the rotisserie chicken but instead opted to try some of the small plates family style:Ceviche Mixto - excellent. No chips on the side like when we went to the original La Mar cevicheria in Lima, but a nice mix of shrimp, calamari, and fish. The large kernels of maize that accompanied it brought back some good memories.Pollo Empanadas - pretty good - I'd rate it at a 7 on a scale of 1-10. The sauce served on the side was unexpected and a bit spicy for my taste, but the Empanada itself was light and tasty. For the sake of comparison a 10 would be having it from a brick oven like when I visited the Pisac market near Cusco. El Porteno in the Ferry Building would get an 8.5.Lomito Saltado - pretty good. The sirloin was tender and flavorful. The mixed in french fries worked quite well too.Mango Pana Cotta (dessert) - amazing. I've never had this before, but all I can say is wow. I would go back just for this.Profiteroles (dessert) - really good as well. Opted for the chocolate sauce on the side and even without the chocolate they were delicious.Other comments: Great service, and great presentation on all dishes. Parking in the area was a pain but that can be said of most everywhere in the city.
Delicious, tender chicken with a burst of flavor in every bite! I stubled across this restaraunt on a drunken jaunt around the city and was absolutely delighted with what I found! Delicious food, wine well-paired, and unexpected sides that were actually to die for. Go hard or go home and get a whole chicken. Savory, busy, service so-so but good enough for a Saturday night.
Was excited to try this place as I recall really enjoying its sister restaurant, Limon. Made a reservation for 8:45 on a Saturday night. We showed up two minutes early only to be told that our reservation was on the "waiting list" and not an actual reservation at all. The restaturant was very crowded, and there were large groups spilling out onto the sidewalk outside. Anyways, we waited, and waited for a table, meanwhile thinking of the injustice of waiting 30 minutes for a table when you clearly made a reservation. Injustice, I say!Anyways, after some persuasion on my boyfriend's part, we were finally shown to a table. If we hadn't said anything, I could easily have seen us standing there all night. We got some sangria, the rotisserie chicken (more out of obligation than pure desire), the ceviche mixto and some other sides. The chicken was a step above the safeway one I usually get (which I actually think is pretty good--make what you will of that). The ceviche was good too. And everything was very reasonably priced when you consider how trendy this restaurant apparently is. But. Something did not agree with my stomach that night. No, no it did not. And that is unforgiveable. I will not be returning.
The food was pretty good, drinks the same, and service as well. $20pp w/out drinks, $35pp w/drinks, great neighborhood gem.
This a very popular place, excellent for everyone except first dates because although the noise volume isn't uncomfortable, intimate convos will not be happening here.Food options are great, they'll obviously known for their chicken, I thought is was a tad bit too salty.I was pleasantly surprised that our dinner for two with wine, came out to less than $50...great deal, great place...
Best value in San Francisco for food quality and atmosphere. The sister restaurant to Limon on Valencia & 16th may not be as shiny and trendy but that's not why people flock here. Located in the outer Mission on neighborhood streets - where it's a tad difficult to find parking and you'll likely see more families than hipsters - the restaurant serves similar plates to the original with the addition of rotisserie chicken and cheaper prices.The upstairs area is cozy with dark wood and teal decor. Downstairs (did you know there was a downstairs?) is more swanky with couch seating and is great for groups. Our party of 7 ordered a whole chicken, ten or so plates of appetizers and a pitcher of sangria for $24 per person. Really? Um, yea. So the service can be a tad slow when they are busy. And reservations still means some waiting around. But what's the hurry when you have a pitcher of sangria to finish?p.s. I love the yellow curry sauce that comes with the chicken. I'd lick the sauce plate clean if it weren't for the fact that I'm still a lady.
Went here about a month ago. The atmosphere was had a nice fun and loud vibe. The food was good and my favorite was this beet salad we ordered that had these huge pieces of corn in it. One of the dishes we also ordered was a seafood plate, and it was okay. The sangria was yummy.
I love this place! We always get the Ceviche Mixto (halibut, calamari, tiger shrimp), Lomito Saltado (sirloin strips), Rotiserrie chicken with Yuca frita and Vegetales Salteados sides. We occasionally get the Jalea (fried calamari) and Chicharron de Pollo (crispy chicken) too. Oh yes, their sangria is the best I've had. I think we've tried all of the desserts and they're all very good.They don't take reservations, so it's best to go early or call in beforehand to be put on the waitlist especially if you're going for weekend dinner
The Food and Atmosphere at Limon Rotisserie were great. I went with a party of 6, we were sat downstairs and ordered a bunch of different dishes from Lomitodo Saltado to ceviche. The ceviche, rice and beans and saltado were the highlight of the meal. The only reason I did not give Limon 5 stars was the service. Our waiter was not very helpful with recommendations and hardly spoke to us at all. And, although the restaurant was not packed I felt as though our waiter was rushing us through dinner and out of our table.
I do believe God is Peruvian.  He must be....why would he place this little slice of Heaven in the Mission.  We were so pleasantly surprised of this restaurant.  The small plates were very good, tasty and reasonably priced.  The roasted chicken.... OMG!! Our group of four fell silent when chicken was placed on the table. Much like when I grew up...Those who talk....miss out on food. I can imagine if I lived closer, the limited menu would get slightly old...but NOT the Roasted Chicken.
I love getting together with my stooges (Carol M and Peg L formerly known as Peg S) because we are all neurotic and special in our own way.Limon is a great little treat. They have taken old world tastes and brightened the flavors with quality fresh ingrediants.The place is small so try to make a reservation if you can or come early.Having just come back from exploring the far reaches of Peru, I was looking forward to experiencing the tastes and flavors again.Without having to travel a thousand miles, they do a pretty good job here.I started with a Chicha Morada which instantly took me back to the 10,000 ft high plains of Peru... my journey begins.The chicken is AMAZING - I wanted suck off all the meat and spices down to the bone... I think I did. For 3 we split the half order and got sweet potato fries and veggi saltado - De Lici Ous!We also had the Ceviche Mixto - need to cut back on the lime a bit.The Beef ribs are fantastic! Tender cubes of gravy soaked love.I wish they had quinoa chicken soup; it needs to find its way to the menu.We finished with the lemon tart and it wasn't too sweet with good lemon.Really a wonderful evening with wonderful friends. My stooges are awesome.
I ate at this sister restaurant of Limon last week with some co-workers. My co-worker insisted on trying the rotisserie chicken, which was apparently featured on 7x7 magazine's "Must Try" list. Boy was the magazine right on with this one. The chicken, which was one of several dishes we had ordered during lunch, was tender and flavor, and a whole chicken was able to feed our party of five. For $15.95, this is a far better deal than one gets at Zuni Cafe.Oh yeah, the other dishes we ordered (lomito saltado, short ribs and beef empanadas) were pretty good as well.
I am in San Fran for work, and a friend recommended that I go to Limon for a casual dinner with my client. We took a taxi to the restaurant, so I can't say much about the neighborhood.The restaurant itself seemed like a great place to go with friends or with someone you've been dating for a little bit. They sat us in the basement and it was VERY VERY loud. (There was a birthday party going on, and little kids running around.) Honestly, I was a drink deep already, so it didn't bother me terribly, but would have been bad if my client was older or more conservative.The two of us (both petite women) shared the half chicken, the chicken empanadas, yucca fries, and the taku taku (spelling could be totally wrong on that -- it was a rice/beans mixture). I also ordered the pisco sour.The food was DELICIOUS. I have nothing negative to say--everything was very flavorful. The chicken was moist, and I loved trying the trio of dips with everything. If I lived in San Fran, I'd come back!OH! And I should say that all the food came to $30, and we still had a little leftover.
Amazing food, helpful and friendly servers. We walked in and were almost immediately seated down, we were a party of two which helps. We ordered: lomito (DELICIOUS!), rotisserie chicken with their sauteed veggies and fried yuca and fish ceviche, Every item was exceptional! Their dishes are on the small side, their rotisserie chicken is definitely a must-try and gives you the biggest bang for your buck. MUST TRYStreet parking is very easy to find and it's FREE
No one really cooks Peruvian food better than my mom, so I'm always hesitant to try Peruvian restaurants, especially after a bit of a fail by Mi Peru Lindo a few years ago.While on one of our visits to SF, I had a craving for some pollo a la brasa though, and the yelp app kept bringing up Limon Rotisserie. I took it as a sign.We sat down, and the couple next to us was so cute, and they were telling us what to get, which I absolutely loved because it was just a super welcoming and warm restaurant. Rad atmosphere, and we were ready to order.Half a chicken with two sides and the fixins for $9.50??? That's a serious value for some really good eats.Pollo a la brasa with tacu tacu and yuca fries was delicious. The tacu tacu wasn't as good as my tia's, but still good. Aji amarillo made my day.It was so great to be able to eat authentic Peruvian, almost as good as my mom's, and show my lady that Peruvian food can be frikkin yummy. We will be back for sure.
Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!!!!One of the best meals, and best values (2nd to Mcdonald's value meals) this city has to offer. Best tasting rotisserie chicken i can remember tasting, and the ceviche, ohhh that halibut ceviche, so good! "I slept with my caddie too"-Tiger Woods
5 stars for food and price. Delicious food at super reasonable prices.-4 stars for their service. The waiter and the multiple bus boys appeared to be in a race the entire meal. Right after the drinks got there he asked if we were ready to order, knowing the food comes out extremely fast I said no we need some time, two minutes later, back again ready to take out order. When I finally caved in and order, I timed it and the food was on our table in 6 minutes. Drinks were removed with another sip left in them, bus boy continued to take random plates and cups from the table in an effort to just get to get the table clear. They need to let you sit there and enjoy your drinks, apps and food.I spoke with the hostess after the meal and she didn't even know what to say or do. And she was the one training the new hostess, service issues continues.... Worst of all the restaurant wasn't even packed.Like I said, the food is great, however the meal gets ruined with service like that.
Best place to go if you are craving for roast chicken. It is tender and mixed well with the best spices I have ever tried. Also, it comes fast and very fresh. Besides, the side dishes are delicious. It is also priced properly. Definitely a 5 star place to go.
My friend introduced me to Limon earlier this summer. My first visit was during lunch and place was packed so we had to wait a few minutes to get a table. Once seated, we started off our meal with Sangria. I swear it's best I've ever had... *just like the Drake song*We ordered the mixed ceviche, lomito saltado, chicharron de pollo and yuca frita. This was enough food for two people since these portions are tapas. After trying these dishes, all I can say is..... WHOA! Such an amazing mix of flavors! Everything was exquisite and delighted my palette. My favorites were the cheviche and lomito saltado. The orange sauce is delicious... it will have you ordering an extra side. I've given Limon 5 stars because of food quality and taste was just incredible. The staff was very friendly and welcoming as well.
Don't give many 5 star reviews, but this place deserves it. They make their own Chicha Morada, which is a drink from purple corn, and it's astounding and should be tried. Their ceviche was fantastic, and i really liked their veggie empanada. Really affordable too. If i lived in the mission, i'd be coming here weekly. The have multiple small hot/cold plates, like tapas, although they seem to like to say that they only have 1 main course, which is the chicken. It's all served family style. I was worried that the small plates would be too small, but 2 of them are a good meal for 1 person.
Limon, You got it right. just make your portions a little bigger... But as far as how everything tasted you at a A++. (it makes up for how crowded you feel in there.)
I came here with a group of 12 (a college reunion and going away lunch) on a Sunday after the SF Marathon. My friends (actually, myself mainly) are a rowdy group of folks when we all get together. Throw in the alcohol and we're even rowdier. We ordered a bunch of things - the rotisserie chicken (3 full orders), a bunch of sides (rice, fried yucca, fries, a rice cake type thingy) and small plates (lomito saltado, beef tartar), a pitcher of sangria, and their house drink (I forget the name - but it was made with purple corn, haha). The food was plenty for all of us, actually. I was making my friend wolf everything down. Very good stuff in the Mission. i loved the fact they were so accommodating to a large group. Service was great. But then again, it was around 2pm on a Sunday? Not sure what it's like at other times. I would definitely come here again, especially for pre-night-of-debauchery antics in the Mission! :)
Would definitely go back. Perfectly seasoned and cooked chicken. We also ordered the lomito saltado, mix ceviche, side of vegetables and yucca fries. I could have done without the yucca fries.
We came on a Friday night, during the dinner rush, without reservations -- and were seated within 20 minutes, which was a pleasant surprise. Of course, we were told we could wait at the bar, which was so crowded there was no room because of the 20-odd other people waiting for tables. A place this popular might want to consider expanding the bar to save people like us from hanging out awkwardly by the door. I'm allergic to gluten, and am always looking for menus that help me navigate to safe and tasty options. Limon did some good by pointing out which dishes were made with soy sauce (which contains wheat) (Peruvian food? Made with SOY SAUCE?). On the other hand, apparently "crispy" is their shorthand for "breaded in flour and fried," which was not explained. It meant not only could I not eat any of the "crispy" items, but none of the frites either, because they're fried in the same grease as the battered items. This limited the menu for me to the chicken, some of the ceviches, and some of the sides. The chicken was tasty, but very dry -- saved mainly by the dipping sauces that came with it. The ceviche was fresh, tangy and spicy. The giant corn-on-the-cob was fun and tasty. The salad (the only green stuff on the menu) was nondescript. The sangria was decent, but watered down with too much ice. The wine list was short, but I had a nice malbec that went with my chicken. For dessert, we shared the flourless chocolate cake, which was lovely -- except the only reason I knew it was flourless was because someone had told me. It didn't say so on the menu, it just said "Limon's favorite." I would have otherwise missed out on this rich and yummy dessert, simply because I wouldn't have known it was safe to eat. Service was warm and helpful, but nothing overly special. Unfortunately, my date and I could barely hear each other because the restaurant is so freaking noisy. I'm pretty sure we talked about some recent books we've read and some current events, but I'm not 100% sure because I only caught every third word.
Limon Rotisserie is my "go to" place for bringing friends and family or for rewarding myself after a long and hard day at work.  Peruvian is my favorite cuisine and this place delivers. And I'm always shocked at how cheap the bill is, even after ordering several Cusquenas. The Lomito Saltado is my favorite, along with the yuca fries and Ensalada Rusa. Fun atmosphere. Nice bartender. Highly recommend.
This place is an incredible value - I think they probably charge about a third of what I'd expect based on just taste and flavor alone. For $30, my husband and I got a delicious feast and two mixed drinks. The ambiance downstairs isn't quite as nice as upstairs, but it is significantly quieter.
It was truly a treat to eat at Limon Rotisserie. We ordered a pitcher of sangria and it was love at first sip. We ordered the ceviche mixto, tuna tartare, camarones ala parilla and yucca frita. Everything was delicious. Because my homegirl's a vegetarian, we skipped the chicken. I'll try the chicken on my next visit. I'm sure it's as good as it sounds and I will not hold back!
Chicken is delicious, ceviche wasn't fresh, mediocre service.
This place was a great find. Despite the rather awkward location, it was one of the best Mission meals I've had in SF - without a massive price tag. We ordered half a chicken with Tacu-Tacu and vegetables, and the Lomito Saltado (sirloin strips with fries). The decor is rather plain in context to the great flavors and personal that comes from each dish.
We had a smattering of several plates, but I particularly enjoyed the ceviche mixto, the roast chicken with dipping sauces, the custard desert, and the passionfruit pisco cocktail. Tres yummo!
I'm not a fan of chicken, and almost opted to not order any... but as every table had a rotisserie chicken, I jumped on the bandwagon. Overall, great and reasonable restaurant for small and big groups. I've been here a few times, and my favorite things are the sangria, yucca fries and hanger steak. Their sangria is really delicious, and I might like it more than Cha Cha Cha. I'm not into chicken, but did try it. It was good, but let's just say it doesn't change my feelings toward chicken. Wavering between 3 and 4 stars, I opted for 3 because I wasn't too impressed with the empanadas or the ceviches. The ceviches were good, but I think as a Peruvian staple, I have higher expectations. When I was eating the food I didn't notice how salty it was, until I drank 1/2 galloon of water when I got home.
Very good food. The Pollo rostisado and Mac and Cheese are my favorite. Service is pretty good. Ceviche needs a little work but its still pretty decent. The table spaces are really tight making it the only important flaw in the restaurant. Overall very good place to enjoy a nice dinner
Cool atmosphere, great service and incredible food. We have spent numerous weekends debating which restaurant to spend our afternoon enjoying food and drink and without a doubt Limon is one of our favorites! One small complaint...although the food is outstanding, it is definitely on the salty side...particularly the chicken. Most of the food is marinated with lemon and has a strong flavor already...but the salt...is a bit on the heavy side.
OMG Soooo Good!I went here with some friends and knew nothing about this treasure of a restaurant. I had the chicken, yuka, and mojitos...sooooo yummy.I gotta go back and try some more.
Great place to eat. Bomb ass chicken for a good price. Nice strong drinks. Wait staff hella cool. All in all love the food here.
I came here recommended by a friend during my visit to San Francisco. I checked the menu and it looked promising because I saw many 5 star reviews. The Peruvian chicken is good, but the fries are not how we eat them in Peru. The cut is too short and the huancaina sauce it's missing. The chimichurri is out of place, it's an Argentinian sauce. The tacu tacu is spicy and dry. The thing that was unforgivable it's that chicha morada was not offered at this location anymore. I asked the server and he confirmed that. Also the desserts are not Peruvian . No leche asada, mazamorra, or even arroz con leche. We don't have anything called Panna cotta in Peru. The prices for the portions that they serve should be half. In Miami's El Chalan restaurant, the Jalea is 5 times the size that it's served here and it costs 16 dollars. The only thing this place has going it's the chicken and even then it misses the mark on what makes a good Peruvian chicken. Tambo grill in Kendall, Florida is how the Rotisserie chicken should be likeBy the way, why is there a Mac and cheese dish in a Peruvian menu?I never wrote a review on yelp, but the food was average at best that I needed to write it. I am Peruvian and I like my food traditional and the portions big. If anyone goes to Miami, try Tambo Grill in Kendall.The lomo saltado can feed 3 people and it cost $15 . You people are getting ripped off your money here.
VERY GOOD CHICKEN.The rest, not so exciting. Split the chicken and you'll be fine.
I think I found my favorite new tapas bar!I had dinner at Limon last night with some close friends and we all left very satisfied. The food here is incredible: well-seasoned, full of bold and exciting flavors, perfectly prepared, and overall very satisfying. We ordered the rotisserie chicken, steak over fries, chicharron (crispy chicken), yuca frites, ceviche, mixed vegetables, and a special dish (I don't remember what it's called, but it was a tasty beef dish). We loved everything, although the rotisserie chicken and yuca frites are must-haves if you ever eat here. In addition to a ton of food, we each had a couple glasses of sangria. The final bill? A mere $20 per person. Thus, not only is the food incredible, the prices are some of the best you'll find for such a nice restaurant with good food.This place has great service and a fun, upscale ambience as well. We were seated downstairs; a place with plushy seating, hip lighting, and a DJ playing internationally-themed music. Overall a cool ambience to complement our wonderful meal.If you like good Tapas, definitely give Limon a try!
I have been in a ceviche mood all summer, trying different restaurants based on the promise of a good ceviche. I finally went to Limon after seeing the great reviews on Yelp and it did not disappoint. I had the Ceviche Mixto, Ceviche de Pescado, and the "Lomito" Saltado. I enjoyed everything and would definitely return.I went on a Tuesday night and it was fairly empty and we got seated pretty quickly. The restaurant is very nice and upscale looking which matches with the price which is a little high, but worth it.Overall I would return to Limon.
Delicious! The bf & I ordered several small plates. Our favorites were the empanadas & the "lomito" saltado (a yummy Peruvian dish with fries, gravy, & yumminess.. not that unlike poutine, for any Quebecois or Mainers out there in the know). Ceviche was wonderful, too. So much to love here; looking forward to visiting again!
The service was BLAH, but the rotisserie chicken was simply delightful. The lomito (tender slices of steak with french fries, red onions, complete with a soy-vingear sauce) was very tasty, too bad it didn't come in bigger portions. Overall, the restaurant's food is worth trying. Next time I will have to try the rest of the items on the menu.
Limon has quickly crawled up my list of favorite places to dine out; sure they have a rather limited menu, but they do everything pretty well. The sangria here is excellent - some of the best I've had PERIOD. Some of my favorite dishes here are the Tuna Tartara, Rotisserie Pollo, Chicharron de Pollo, and Ceviche Mixto. Compared to other tapas places, you get a little better bang for your buck. But like all tapas places, some people just can't seem to get over the portion size issue.As for desserts, I am a sucker for the Bandido (Limon's signature dessert dish - flourless chocolate cake).I've yet to dine downstairs (only open Thursday-Sunday I think? as if I needed another reason to return). Although not necessary, reservations are recommended (otherwise you might have to wait a little 10-20 minutes).
Can I get some chicken with that buttery salt?? Seriously, I know the chef knows the chicken is salty but he doesn't care. It's the salt that keeps people coming. That, and everything is dirt cheap. Our family of five ordered a whole chicken, beef hearts, empanadas, lomitas soltado, chicharron, yucca fries and rice, lots of rice to counter the salt. A pitcher of sangria later and this was one of the best family meal you can have for a party of five. The service is also top notch considering we were 15 minutes to our reservation and the kitchen was closing. They still let us in and served us in a expedient manner. Next time, I'll stick with the white meat only, it's marinated to perfection. The dark meat is really salted in sacrifice for the best tasting white meat chicken in town.My mouth is already watering, it must be the salt calling my name back for more.
This place doesn't understand the concept of a reservation. There were at least 10 people waiting for 30 minutes and all had reservations! Am I missing something?! This needs to be looked into immediately, first impressions mean a lot.Right when I was thinking to leave, they found us a table downstairs. For four people we ordered a whole chicken, sweet potato fries, vegetales, ceviche mixto (very small dish), chicharron de pollo, seco de costillas (beef short rib), empanadas chicken and beef. Roast chicken was very good but honestly the chicharron de pollo was off da hook!! The best thing on the table in my opinion. Everything else was very tasty and not over-cooked. If you don't like salty or lemony food, you will NOT like this place.The amount of food we ordered was absolutely perfect for four people! The waiter messed up our ordered and brought us something different. When we told him thats not what we ordered, he snapped it back with an attitude. RUDE!Overall Limon's food was very very good! Their service and reservation system needs to improve dramatically otherwise this place will not reach its potential.
So going to restaurants is like dating.There's lookin'-good types that are completely a waste of space when you get past the fancy exterior: they may look real nice, but when all is said and done you realize you just spent a lot of time and money and didn't get much.Then there's fun grimey ones that you'd frequent at night after a lot of alcohol, but only because they are cheap and always available. But you'd NEVER take your folks there.Of course there's all those real SF gems that everyone and their brother loves, but good luck getting a date any time between tuesday and sunday. They're always out of your league and don't take reservations. Unless you are willing to put forth an absurd amount of time and effort, you're just not going to get in. They DON'T have your number, bub.Limn is gaining status in this third personality of restaurant. The lines are long because everyone wants a piece. But I'd like to think they're more of a "girl-next-door" restaurant... they look classy, but nothing too fancy. The food is great, comforting, and the prices are kind of ridiculously reasonable, if you know how to order.My friend and I ordered a half a chicken (which came with 2 sides) and they each had a generous glass of sangria, escaping with a bill just over $20. You're good to us, Limn. Even got a seat at 6:30 on a Thursday!
Juicy, succulent...you gotta stop being vegetarian for the chicken.Yucca fries...so yumma. Fish and Shrimp cold plate--packed with explosive flavor!A perfect spot for a date or a small birthday gathering!And Sangria!! CHEERS!
Limon Rocks!!!They are known for their rotisserie chicken which is amazing, fall of the bone, herby goodness. The chicken comes with 2 sides, the sweet potato fries are killer, yucca is delightful, and veggies are flavorful. The short ribs are excellent as well. They have a good wine list, I'm in love with the Malbec on their list. Overall, this place has delicious food, good service (bartenders are awesome!!) and you can't beat the price.
Civeche!
I was in town for the weekend and a friend recommended Limon Rotisserie. I've never been to a Peruvian restaurant before so I thought I'd give it a try. Wow! I'm glad I did.It was the best chicken I have ever had. Ever. In my life. The vegetable side was also delicious as was the truffle mac n cheese. The drinks are strong but not overly sweet. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. Definitely make reservations since the line can be long.
Limon! It just sounds fun, doesn't it? It's almost impossible to spell without an exclamation point. Limon!My friend and I came here for dinner yesterday evening. Since Limon doesn't take reservations, we showed up early (before 6 pm). The place was still relatively empty, but in 30 minutes almost every table was occupied.Limon's decor is minimalistic, i.e., just the bare necessities. Wooden tables with no tablecloths were very close to one another. Three square inches of space separated the hostess podium and the adjacent tables from the entryway. A big open kitchen took up a large part of the restaurant, leaving little room for the actual dining area.Our waiter came by right away and offered us drinks. I ordered iced tea, as I usually do. He returned a couple of minutes later and informed me that they didn't have iced tea. Strange, but OK. "Just water then, thanks."We were really looking forward to trying their chicken. Big Eats SF suggests that it's a "must try." We ordered a half a chicken, and I have to say I wasn't too impressed. I mean, it was very moist and fresh, but I didn't care for the spices they had used. Also, if you are trying to impress your date or a business partner, I would skip the chicken altogether. If there were an elegant way to eat a half chicken, I haven't found it. If you come here thinking that chicken is the star of the show, may I suggest trying another theater?Although it doesn't explicitly say so on the menu, chicken comes with two sides. We ordered sweet potato fries and yucca fries, both of which were delicious. They came with two dipping sauces, each of which tasted a little bit like the chutneys you get at Indian restaurants. I could totally see myself eating a pound of sweet potato fries dipped in the tangy, spicy sauces. YUM.The rest of the dishes are served on small plates; some hot, some cold. We ordered the halibut ceviche, which was delicious. It was served with onions, lime juice, a couple of varieties of corn and a slice of sweet potato. The halibut was very fresh, and the ceviche was really good. We also tried the Lomito Saltado, a dish of braised beef tenderloin, onions, fries and soy sauce. I was very surprised when they asked us how we wanted the beef prepared, but I was not surprised when they overcooked it. The beef was very stringy to begin with, and overcooking it made it more chewy than I would have liked.My biggest complaint is that every dish tasted really salty. When I came home, I drank 1 1/2 large bottles of San Pellegrino just to quench my thirst. So ... salty! Maybe if I had gotten my iced tea . . .It seems like a pretty good deal though (I didn't pay), but if you order a few small plates, it might add up quickly!
I live in LA and I can never find great Peruvian food and or pollo a la brasa. SF in general has the best chefs and places to eat in the nation just my opinion. Limon not only offers great food but the ambiance is great and the service is quick. It has the best Pollo a la brasa i have ever had period. If you don't know what that is, its simply brazed rotisserie chicken that has immense flavor if done rite, Limon has exceeded doing it rite and my every taste buds will be forever thankful for this place. Inexpensive and amazing period. You have to try the Pollo a la brasa with white rice and the dipping salsa. Please go there, simply the best Peruvian food I have ever eaten.They also have their full line restaurant off mission which i heard was also amazing. I will definitely be going there this summer. I will see in the summer, much love always.
First time I was here, I came with a buddy basically to try the chicken. It completely lived up to its reputation with its tender, well-seasoned meat.This weekend, went back with a group of friends and discovered that there was actually a downstairs where they also served food a. This is where we were seated in the more "loungey" section where food was served on knee-high tables (a little awkward but not bad).We ordered a bunch of dishes, including the chicken, which was as good as ever (and the best thing on the menu, by far). Other dishes that stood out were vegetales salteados (veggies comprised of mainly green and yellow beans, red bell pepper and onions), the sweet potato fries and the ahi tuna tartare.The grilled hangar steak was just ok. Quite chewy and the red wine sauce was overly rich and salty. It comes with a side of tacu-tacu (basically the version here resembled a crispy fried "log" of seasoned rice. The empanadas were fine but nothing memorable. Ditto for the ceviche. Liked the sangria.The best part of all this. After all the food and wine and sangria, it came to $35/person! Amazing! No wonder it's always so packed ... everyone knows a deal when they see one. It helps when the place also serves some of the best chicken in town.
I was here for a friends birthday celebration with 40 other people. I must say that the customer service was great! They had no problem splitting up the tabs.Only downfall - the dishes are a tad bit oveprriced considering the size!! The ceviche plate looked like a sample, lol.
The services was excellent as was the food.All the dishes we tried were fantastic, especially:* the yuca fries* hanger steak (a bit bloody, but I liked that, others at my table, not so much)* and surprisingly, the rotisserie chicken* lots more that I can't remember.Four very satisfied diners shared plates and it cost about $27 / head.
Good food, fast service. Came here for a birthday party and the waiter was quite accomodating even though we had a big group. Despite the long wait to actually be seated, the food was tasty. I enjoyed the empanadas, the yam fries, and the lomito saltado. The only thing was that the food was a bit salty and the basement felt barren and in need of face lift.
I was looking for a new fun and reasonable place to eat with some out of town friends and decided on this place based on the must-eat rotisserie chicken everyone raves about. This place did NOT disappoint! Between the 4 of us, we paid about $80 (including drinks) and were stuffed!!! We ordered the famous rotisserie chicken of course as well as a variety of other dishes such the yucca fries, lomito saltado, chocolate cake, and a very yummy non-alcoholic drink made from blue corn I believe. A couple of us also had some sangria which was delicious! I would give the food here 4 stars!Now the service...while our wait staff was very nice and attentive, the hostess was quite rude I would say. She just simply had an attitude the whole evening. We called ahead to see how long the wait was for a party of 4 and she repeatedly refused to give us a time! WTF! We're not asking to put our names down, just an estimate so we'll know if it's too crowded or not. Maybe she had a bad day, who knows? Because of the hostess, I'd give the service here 2 stars.Overall, It's a very good food experience and I would come here again!
Believe the hypethis is some good frickin' chicken! We went to Limon with a large group last night (thanks for organizing, Carlos!) and were treated to a great meal at rock bottom prices. The sangria was smooth and not at all sweet (the sign of really bad sangria in my book) We also split some fantastic halibut ceviche that was a pretty large portion for $10. But the star of the evening was the chicken. We started ordering a bunch of half chickens per person but our waiter steered us toward getting a whole chicken for two people (same serving size per person but cheaper - thanks!) The chicken was tender, moist and uber flavorful - some of the best rotisserie chicken I've ever had.Each order of chicken comes with two sides which were fine but nothing really stood out as great. Service was fast and efficient all night, my one minor complaint is that we had to keep asking for more sauce (for some reason we only received two tiny portions of sauce with the chicken) Limon Rotisserie is well worth the wait and if you order correctly (get the damn chicken, peopleit's in the restaurant's title) you can leave stuffed to the gills for around $20 a person.
Never had a bad experience here. Love the rotisserie chicken and all the yummy sauces that come with it! i'm not even a fan of chicken, but i regularly crave this amazing creation. my husband absolutely adores the anticuchos (beef heart) - we brought friends and that was their favorite dish too. the only sad thing about this recent experience was that they were out of chicha morada. Now I had waited and dreamed and craved for their chicha morada so to be told they were fixing the recipe to make it better and that it wasn't available at the moment made me a little sad. but overall amazing food that never fails to make our tummies happy!
why two stars??? cuz your service SUCKS for big groups (i.e. groups that you must sit down in the basement) That being said... I was prepared for that but the other Yelpers were right about having to wait a long time to seat the larger parties.... I was here last week for my friend's bday and we had a reservation for 12 people and 9 PM. The restaurant's policy states that they won't seat us until half the party is here... well half of our party was here by 9 PM but alas they did not seat us until 9:30???? it's like wtf... and the hostess was totally ignoring us.... so I didn't put up much of a fuss cuz I wasn't in charge of organizing... so let's see were were actually around 9:30 and it took forever to get water.... and because our party had 12 people, they forced us to order off the pre fixe large group menu, which i guess i didn't mind cuz we got to try everything!Ceviche Mixto: **** delicious!!!!Tartara de Tuna: **** I loved this too...Ensalada Mixta: ** this salad was just meh... I didn't like it much cuz i couldn't taste the vinagrette...Pollo a la Brasa: ***** now this is why you come here... the chicken NEVER disappoints... and the green sauce with the cilantro and garlic... mmm to die for!Lomito Saltaldo: **** this was delicious too but I was already in love with the chicken.Chicharron de Pollo: *** this was flavorful... but I just don't like having to deal with small bones and such...Papas Fritas: *** how can you go wrong with french fries??? :)Sangria: ***** always delicious.... mmm next time tho... i promise myself i'll try some of their cocktails...Molten Chocolate cake: *** meh... i've had better... the food was delicious... was it worth the wait and me being angry at the service??? no... but would I come here again??? heck yes! but i would recommend only coming here in small groups... maybe at most a group of 4 so that service would be better and you would sit upstairs were you would be less likely to be forgotten. this place gets two stars for their horrible service... seriously my party got seated at 9:30 (closer to 9:45 i think).... we didn't order til 10:15... service was just so slow... and we were trying to get complimentary desserts cuz their service was sub par for such a big group of people... you would think they would be more attentive and apologetic for seating us so late... -_-;;; but no... n we had to wait FOREVER for our food and our check... we didn't leave the restaurant until 12:15.... n that's horrible... considering we had reservations for 9. -_-;;; and gosh the price... $45+ per person???? i don't remember paying that much when I was there the last time...Conclusion: come here in small parties (i.e. 6 or less) in order to be seated upstairs and get better and quicker service. I'm basing this on experience cuz I have been here before with a party of 6 and we went in for lunch around 1 and were out the door by 2:30. the wait wasn't that long and service was prompt and courteous.
I'm not a Sangria person; I don't go out of my way to find it on a menu. However, everyone had a glass or pitcher of Sangria in hand or at their table & made me want to give it a swirl. If you want to know the truth, I didn't hate it. In fact, I thought it was quite tasty. As the evening progressed I wanted more Sangria. I also wanted to sit down at a table at eat, since that is the whole reason why we came here. 20, 30, 45 min later, we swiped up a spot at the tiny bar area and were sitting pretty with our food and yes more Sangria! My friend wasn't drinking as much as I was. I guess she had too much tequila the night before and was nursing a handover. I do hate it when the timing of you and your other lush are just not aligned. This place makes it really hard to pretend that I'm not a lush. That's all I'm saying. P.S. Call and make a reservation. This place gets packed and they had about 3 large groups flow in that night.
Rotisserie chicken with two sides included!! Get the yucca fries and ceviche! Must try the pisco sour!
Solid, Solid, Solid venue. We - a party of 3, went here on a Friday night so it was mobbed, and still they seated us in less then 15 minutes. There is a small bar on the corner, and they had fairly good sangria. The only reason I say fairly, instead of very was that a few of the glasses were HEAVY with diced fruit, while a few others were pretty light on it, so we had to do some "fruit re-balancing" in our sangria portfolios. On to the food. the chicken - which is why you come here - is served as a whole, or half, or individual portion. 2 guys and 1 girl meant we got the whole. Thought the waiter wanted us to try a half, and order more things from the menu to get a better feel, we stayed on plan, and I'm glad we did. The chicken is a "10" tender, well marinated/seasoned, and roasted. Perfect for a slightly chill July evening. We got veggies, and pommes frites - all the sides were good (nothing I remember wanting to crow about, but tasted good), and the portions were right. What more can you ask for. My one regret is that our fat asses gorged on the chicken and sides and left no room for dessert. The menu had a few eye catching choices, one of which is captured in Limon's entry here. Next time mebbe. Final great note: I think all in, we were maybe $26 total+ drinks. Not bad for 3 in the big city!
Great food yet spotty service. We went on a Tuesday night, and it wasn't very busy, but I still got the sense that we were being rushed. If they could work on the service, then I'd easily give it 5 stars.The chicken was seasoned perfectly and all of the sides were amazing. We ordered the Lomito Saltado, Seco de Costillas, Empanadas and the Cerviche de Pescado. 5 of us shared a pitcher of sangria, which was also nice.I'll happily go back again, but probably not on a weekend.
Food is very original, healty and relatively reasonable priced. I will visit this place again. Make sure to make a reservation on weekends..
My friends and I decided to get this takeout so we can eat it ghetto-style at Candlestick before a soccer game, but we were all unimpressed.First, they forgot our order. We went into the restaurant, were directed to where we should pick it up, and told essentially "whoops."Second, while we were waiting for our dinner to be cooked, we politely asked if we could sit on some chairs at a table (the restaurant was no where near packed) and the waitress said "No, just stand." WHAT????? Wanted us to develop cankles or something.Third, I will not give them too much for this because takeout probably isn't their usual thing, but NO PLASTIC UTENSILS.Chicken: Nothing too special. Good, but we all thought it fairly similar to Costco...Cerviche: Half the team didn't like it, the other half (myself included) loved it.Portions are lacking, however.Honestly, do not believe they should be so high up (or even on) SF's 7x7 Best Things You Should Eat + Drink in SF.
Tapas are the bomb!The Sangria was yummy! I went to San Fran on vacation and this was my favorite restaurant!The Yuca Frites were so good! The prices were reasonable and the ambiance was elegant.
Get the chicken! It's turned into a back to school tradition that my dad and I eat here before I head off to college. We always get the whole roast chicken (pollo a las brasa) with two tasty sides, which easily feeds two people. The meat is flavorful, tender, and delicious, and it comes with a couple really tasty sauces. For a restaurant with a nice ambience, the food is quite affordable.
I made a "reservation" on the phone and I should have gotten the hint that it would be a bad experience, because he just hung up on me. I even had to call back to confirm because the conversation was so abrupt. When we got there, we waited and waited. I went to check the status with the host and he said "Oh, where were you? I was looking for you." Obviously not hard enough, because I was right next to him with only my back turned.Then finally a table was ready and he leads us downstairs and points to these low couches and coffee table that is about knee high. We didn't feel like getting indigestion by hunching over our food, so we kindly asked for a regular table. He said there are no 4 top tables available. I said, I know I saw 2 open tables upstairs. With a swivel of his hips and "oh no you just didn't" chicken head bob, he said "why don't you go upstairs and SHOW me". He stomped upstairs and we pointed out the tables that were empty for the past 20 minutes. He said those are for 2 tops. We asked if they could put them together and he said he wouldn't. He said I can put you BACK on the "wait list" for a 4 top. And then he told us "you can wait outside while you decide!" We said no, thanks. And as we left, he sarcastically threw in a "see you next time you decide to dine in."Oh NO, Honey Child, the food may be good, but it's not THAT good. There are plenty of Tapas places in SF without the HORRIBLE attitude. Poor, poor management, because this is obviously not the first complaint on the staff. So we decided to go to La Mar, and it was definitely the right choice. Really good food, great wine list, and most importantly the sweetest hostess and staff.
This was my first Peruvian food experience, and what a great place! Every little piece you'll get is perfectly balanced and the food is fresh and looks pretty too. The ceviche is beautiful. Has a lot of small courses to choose from so it's nice to go there with a couple of people to share. One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco that is also very price worthy.
Visited Frisco over the easter weekend and on a recommendation we checked this place out.Quick little cab ride from our hotel and because we late going LImon was our Breakfast/Lunch...This place has a really great vibe and set-up the atmosphere and background music makes for a nice comfortable setting. We were seated almost immediately..I ordered a sangria, first was ok but for some reason the second one was amazing...Onto the food: we split a half-chicken, papas fritas, mixed vegetables and lomito salad..I have to admit I was on the fence about getting pollo rostizado and lomito salad while on vacation in SF, but, it was worth the stop..The Lomito salad for me was the best, good taste, cooked just right and hella tasty..Pollo Rostizado..eh..it was good, definitely well cooked and tasty, but, it was not that wow this is the best chicken ever, not to knock the place teh $5 "rotisserie" chicken I get at Pavilions was just as good..The papas fritas and mixed vegetables were just as good and tasty..All in all im glad I went, I will try anything once...Not really a place I would have to stop at next visit to SF, but, I would definitely spread the word...one thing I will say the price is definitely right..
I really loved this place. Our party had the foresight to book ahead but even then we had to sit in the downstairs area, which was not bad, but the basement felt more like a club, especially with a nearby DJ playing out tunes (not loud enough that our party couldn't talk however).The main appeal of this place is their tapas style dining, so you're going to get a good variety of food here. From the name you're probably going to be tempted to focus on their rotisserie chicken, which is fantastic and worth it, but make sure to sample something from all over their menu. They have some great beef dishes, the ceviche here was fantastic, and the yucca fries, which many gush are about, are worth the praise. Our group even topped it all off with a pitcher of sangria, which was one of the best I've had in my book.The best part here was that even with all the plates we managed to order, I felt that the prices were very reasonable and we all left feeling very content with our dinner. It's location just off Mission means that it gets busy quick, so come early or reserve your spot. Definitely worth your time if you're in the mood for tapas.
Simply the best Peruvian food my pallet has ever tasted before: ) The lomita was fingerlicking good, a side of rice and some sweet potatoe fries accompanied with three of their special sauces. The best sangria I have ever had, you can taste the flavors of all the fruit in it and whats best is the fruit has already absorbed the wine which makes it taste even better. My new favorite place! Highly Recommend this place!!!
So I'm from the DC area and we have our fair share of Peruvian chicken places... None of which are like Limon. I favor my local Arlington joints, the chicken is enormous (of dubious origin, I know) but it's as familiar to me as McDonalds is to a lot of people. So when my brothers told me they were taking me to a peruvian chicken place I told them they had to be kidding. But no! It kind of goes without saying that this place is far nicer than the Super Pollo back home, the chicken is smaller but just as flavorful if not a bit more expensive. They also really live up to the citrus fruit of their title. Everything is tart and juicy, and not just the ceviche (so very good). However, the flavored lemonades tasted boxed and didn't mesh with the meal. Though, that was mostly my bad for ordering it. I'm crazy about well cooked rice, a staple and necessary vehicle for meat, but Limon's was not so great. For sure, just order the yuca if you want starch because *that* was one of the highlights of the night. I'll definitely come here again when I'm in town but it's nice to have cheaper alternatives back home for my rotisserie chicken fix.
I just went here for the first time and I'm convinced that Limon is one of the best deals in SF for a quality meal with table service. A whole chicken with two sides (easily enough for two people) is only $16 -- and it's absolutely delicious. The sangria, ceviche and vegetales salteados were also excellent. I'm coming to terms with the fact that I just don't like ceviche all that much but the ceviche at Limn was the best I've had.I have a feeling I'll quickly become a regular here. Upscale dining for taqueria prices -- that's pretty tough to beat.
This place was packed on a Friday night. I waited about 30 minutes for a table for two, but my friend was late and we ended up sitting at the bar. The bar area is a bit limited in seating (maybe 6-8 seats). The handmade cocktails were incredible, I had one with mint and....I don't remember what else. We chatted with the bar tender who was personable and funny. We both ordered the Pollo a la Brasa, with papas fritas and salad for sides. The chicken was not extraordinary, but the sauces were redemptive and tasty on the fries.I really liked the ambiance, and it seemed like a fun crowd. I would definitely go back to try more of the menu.
Solid 4 stars. This is how I like to do Limon Rotisserie:1) You go during lunch time, off-peak time (like 4:30PM), or dinner time during the weekdays = no line, no waiting. 2) You order a whole chicken (half a bird per person) with a friend or a date and share = a little over $10 per head if you order no drinks. 3) You don't expect top-notch service = no disappointment.If you follow the above instructions, Limon Rotisserie is a great economical option for casual lunch/ early dinner. The best deal here is obviously the chicken, and the side dishes that come with the chicken are solid as well (e.g., the stir fried veggie, fried yucca, simple steamed rice - I always order rice with the chicken here as the chicken is on the salty side). Now, if you order the other "small plates" and drinks, $ can add up quickly unless you are sharing with a group of people. The decor here is rather simple, and the service can be sporadic. That's why I wouldn't want to wait in line for too long or spend too much money here. Even if the service turns out to be "eh," one should not complain much if he/she gets his/her belly full with fantastic rotisserie chicken...right?
Came the other night on a Thursday with a group of four and had no problem getting a table. We had a pitcher of sangria and it was very tasty! Our waiter was really nice and even offered to cut our rotisserie half- chicken into 4 pieces to make it easier to share and allowed us to get another half pitcher of sangria when we didn't think we were ready for a full one. I based most my ordering off my yelp research and was not disappointed. The lomo saltado is DELISH. The ceviche was very fresh and not overly acidic. Also- they have a side of veggies steamed in some sort of soy based sauce that we ended up ordering more and more of. My only complaint is that this place is supposed to be all about their rotisserie chicken... and I found it to be kind of slimy. I even feel bad saying this b/c I enjoyed everything else so much. Next time I guess I would just go tapas style and skip the rotisserie chicken.
This review is overdue. After the BYOBW (Bring Your Own Big Wheel) event this past Easter, I took the gang over to Limon. We were a large party of 11 (two families plus girlfriends, Aunts, cousins, etc.) and fortunately they were able to take us right in. We promptly ordered one of everything on the menu (we're talking 8 teenagers here and it had been raining that day - everyone was cold and hungry) and the staff only raised one eyebrow, then quickly set to work. The food was fabulous and service was great. I think the gang enjoyed just about everything but the beef heart was the best, along with the yucca fries. We tried the rotisserie chicken and it was a bit salty. However, on a rainy day it was quite tasty.
I picked this place to take my boyfriend out for a nice date and I have to say it was the perfect choice! I'd never had Peruvian food before, but this place did not disappoint.I ordered the Carne a la Parrilla with a side of Yuca Fries and my boyfriend got the Jalea with a side of Tacu-Tacu (awesome name and also delicious..it's like a bean and rice fritter, YUM). I really enjoyed the carne, it was perfectly cooked, and very tender and flavorful. The sides were also good, but could have been served a little hotter (no one likes luke-warm fries).For the drinks I got the Limon Punch and he got the Pisco Sour- having never had pisco I was skeptical, but I loved it! Such a distinctive, almost spiced taste and just plain good. Upside: Perfect place for a slightly dressy date, really good food, great drinksOn the downside: The plates were smaller than I expected and it was actually too loud most of the time to carry on a conversation which might be a problem for some dates/groups (that might just be the downstairs though).
Carne a la parrilla was nicely cooked. Chicharron de pollo was nicely seasoned. Yuca fries and ceviche mixto also very nice. You know what's not so nice? Arriving on time for a 9 o'clock reservation and not being seated for over an hour. You know what else is not so nice, the inside of the restaurant being so packed that you have to wait outside. What's the point of making resos when you can't even seat people near the time the resos were made. Servers were nice. Hostesses seemed to not care about the large number of people waiting waiting waiting. We had folks in town from out of the country and this was not the way we wanted to start off the night. Figure out your seating and reservation system please Limon.
Good food. Great cocktails. Friendly people. Really good value. One of the ceviche dishes makes a great appetizer while you await the unbelievably yummy chicken. The only drawback when I dined there was that the coffee at the end of our meal was a bit past its prime, but I will definitely go back.
The price is high but the food is well worth it. Get a reservation beforehand if you can, especially if you have a large party. The chicken is an obvious choice, but the veggie empenadas ended up being my fave.
Delicious pisco sours while you wait, all of the food was delicious, for a group of 6, the meal came to $20 each, fantastic!
Really good, food came fast and chicken and sides were tasty. Drinks good too - Sangria was great. Friend didn't love the Pisco Sour, but to each his own. All in all, a great place for a reasonable price.
I recently came here for a Christmas get together with my friends from high school. The place looks small at first, but then they assured us there was a downstairs! It was a good place for our large group (14), and we were able to be loud and not bother other patrons (I hope!).The chicken REALLY IS THAT GOOD. The prices are completely reasonable, and the quality of the chicken and sauces (3) was worth it. The sauces put the chicken over the top, and convinced my naysayer friends that $18 for a whole chicken was worth it compared to the $7 stuff from Costco. The chimichurri sauce was my favorite. The fries were pretty much the same as Mcdonald's except not piping hot and without salt. The rice was decent, but that's hard to mess up. I also had the carne empanadas which were delicious and served with one of the same sauces as the chicken. The only downside was that if one person at the table wanted to order the prix fixed menu that everyone had to order it. OH AND THE SANGRIA. THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST.
Now that I have officially moved into SF, my bf and I decided to try out the local cuisine. After getting a recommendation from a friend, we went to Limon for a late dinner.We ordered:*half a rotisserie chicken, with a side of yucca fries and sauteed veggies.*hangar steak with red wine sauce served with a crispy "tacu-tacu"*ceviche with halibut and jumbo shrimp*shared a glass of sangria with tons of diced fruitsEverything was delicious. I usually don't like eating the skin on chicken, but at Limon, you HAVE to eat the skin. It's spiced so well and is the best part of the whole dish. The mixed veggies that came with the chicken reminded me of asian wok-sauteed veggies. Not amazing, but not bad. The yucca fries were good, but being a ketchup fanatic, I felt like I couldn't enjoy it as much because we didn't get any ketchup. =(The ceviche was served cold, and the fish was so fresh and firm that it was almost crunchy, not mushy. The restaurant is rather warm so this dish was a nice contrast for the palette. The lemon/lime marinade provided the perfect amount of acid and was really refreshing.We got the steak medium rare, and it was perfectly done. The sauce for the hangar steak dish was way too salty, but the tacu tacu was so good! I'm not sure what it is, but it tasted like a big ball of rice and potatoes, fried on the outside. I couldn't stop eating it! I really liked dipping it in the dish's sauce to balance out the saltiness. The sangria here definitely has a kick because we shared ONE glass and got a nice buzz going. The service is super friendly and fast here, and I loved how intimate it was with the warm open kitchen and dim lights. We did feel a little out of place being the youngest diners in the restaurant, but after sitting down, we didn't even realize it anymore because we got so wrapped up in our own world. We were shocked when we got the bill because it was so affordable and we were completely satiated and stuffed. I'm definitely coming back for more!
I went here for lunch with my parents. I ordered a Lomo Saltado and we shared a half rotisserie chicken amongst other dishes. Even though the portions are small, they are filling. The only rotisserie chicken I'm familiar with is that from Costco. I don't think I can eat Costco's rotisserie in the same way though. Limon's was very tasty and noticeably not so greasy. I had my Lomo Saltado steak cooked medium rare. Very tasty. Onions really added flavor to it.
chicken. Finger-licking good.
MMM...I am drooling just thinking about this place. it's one of my favorite restaurants in the city. They have a downstairs seating area with a DJ and couch seating that lends itself for a very casual, family style dinner.The sangria is sweet and strong. I love waiting for a table while sipping on a glass of it. I will agree that the wait can be long, but what do you expect in San Francisco. We always get the chicken. It's a juicy, tender, perfectly seasoned and falls right off the bone. I've been here just to pick one up to go. It's about 35 minutes out of my way, but I LOVE THIS CHICKEN. My other favorite is the Lomito, but I will say that sometimes it can be a little overcooked, but the sauce makes up for it. The combination of soy sauce, tomato, pepper and meat juices is heaven. It's rivals the fillet Mignon pepper sauce from Unicorn that I love. Dip the flank stank in it...you won't be disappointed. Before I go on and on ....just take my word and try it.
WORMS WORMS WORMS in our ceviche. This was our second visit there and we were so excited to have the wonderful rotisserie chicken. We decided to order ceviche to start with our chicken. Their service was so quick that our meal came out when we were only half way done with our ceviche. Why after we were almost done with our dinner we saw something swimming in the ceviche. I understand that this can happen because we are dealing with raw fish. The problem is how management handled the situation. No customer service at all. As much as we love love love their chicken we will never set foot in that establishment again.
I have only ever had take out here, but their rotisserie chicken is rad! You get an entire chicken, plus two sides for under $20, and the chicken is huge. There are a bunch of sides to choose from, but I always get their sauteed vegetables. The chicken itself is really flavorful and very juicy. I read other reviews complaining about service or waits for orders to be ready, but I have never had a problem with them. If anything, they make the food too quickly for me to get over there to pick it up. One of the best take out deals in town.
I heard about the ceviche from this place so much that I thought its name was Ceviche, and not Limon. We had a pretty nice selection, but besides the ceviche I really loved the yucca fries. It doesn't seem like something you can get very easily, and I think I would go back just to devour another plate of those.And the sangria was dangerous - goes well with everything and can be ordered by the pitcher.Great food and good people! Would definitely go back for a night of fun.
Nom nom good.You can get whole, half, quarter chicken. I got the half, nom nom. Two sides come with the chicken. The larger serving chicken you get the larger the sides. The papas fritas are to die for. Tacutacu was new for me, and still yummy, but since I don't know how to compare tacu tacus to another tacu tacu, I guess I can't. We also ordered some Sangria, which was pretty good. I think it's self-made...The chicken, oh my goodness. Savory delight. It wasn't dry. This chicken wasn't dry! It's a godsend. Non-dry chicken breast is so hard to come by, and this place had juicy juicy breasts. The breasts were so good, I'd go there again just for those juicy breasts.
Martin and Antonio are the best! My favorite restaurant in SF. Now with a liquor license . . . even better!
Great food, we were in the lower level, which was a little too loud.
I moved from DC Metro area which has 30+ Peruvian Rotisserie Chicken places....finally I found one in SF...and its good!One of my co-diners complained the chicken was too salty...Pshaww!!! She just does no t know good Peruvian Rotisserie. I will go back many times to try the other specialties.I was disappointed that they did not make a Papa Relleno!!! I alos found the downstairs dining lounge very unique!
I went here for a ladies dinner, and I picked the place for the rotisserie chicken. It was good but not as good as I thought it would be after reading the reviews. Our total bill was super reasonable, though.
Amazing Chicken, macaroni and veggies!
average peruvian food, it's no pio pio, but it's something
Today I visited some professors in Berkeley and had to get back into the city to meet a friend before making my way back down to Palo Alto. I took BART, which I lament about in another review, but today BART gets a high-five from me. The objective was to get to Limon Rotisserie in the Mission. Peeps trying to do the same thing: the stop is Mission and 24th. You're within a few blocks (Limon is between 21st and 22nd) and the walk is quite entertaining. On my stroll to Limon, I made eye-to-eye contact with and smiled at a statuesque tranny dressed to the nines (love the lipstick, doll), brushed by barrio brothers who continue to need a sturdy belt, and noted the thick aroma of burritos that fragranced the air.Upon entrance, I was struck by how amazing it smelled, particularly the rotisserie chicken. It's a good deal, too, so I will have to come back and try it. We shared two plates, as this was a mere snack before dinner.Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron - Oh my goodness, possibly the best ceviche of my life. Beautiful succulent pieces of halibut filet perfectly marinated with a sublime potion of fresh lime juice and minced garlic. My friend is allergic to shrimp and, lately, I cannot stomach shrimp (most likely, due to another friend allergic to crustacean), thus our chef/host prepared it with only halibut. Sigh, love such service!"Lomito" Saltado - This is a traditional Peruvian dish of stir-fried top sirloin strips, onions, tomato, soy sauce and served with fries. The fries were okay, but the meat was way too salty and not too tender.The chicha morada was off-the-hook refreshing with its dizzying spin of sweet, spicy, and fruity. Perfect cooler for this sweltering heat wave in the middle of spring.
Ok, I will start off with the cliche of "I don't usually write this, but.... this place SUCKS. Yes, it has good food. It is not EXCELLENT, nor extraordinary, nor amazing. Hey, folks, we live in San Francisco, we know what a great restaurant should be. Good food, good service, good experience. Limon is NOT a service-oriented restaurant. This Peruvian-fusion-FAIL of a restaurant should not be treating their customers like this. Go to Fresca, or save some money and go to La Mar.I hate leaving poor tips because I was a waitress once. But at Limon, we left a $1 tip and wrote on the back of the receipt a brief explanation with five bullet points as to why we tipped him that way. At least now he knows, right?I will never go back.
I'm impressed. We started out with beverages. Chicha Morada is a drink made from Peruvian purple corn and lime juice with a few other fruits added. Very unusual and refreshing. Cristal beer from Peru went nicely with the food. We also sampled: *Carne a la Parilla...grilled hanger steak served over crispy tacu-tacu, salsa criolla and red wine-beef sauce. 8.25 . The best dish. This was a small plate. Next time I will order 2 plates. Tacu tacu is a rice and bean cake. *Seco de Costillas... braised beef short ribs with huacatay and cilantro, served with potatoes,carrots and English peas. 8.00..Tasted like my mother's pot roast, only bettter... another small plate*1/2 of a Pollo a la Brasa a Peruvian favorite. Chicken marinated the "traditional way" and slowly cooked in our rotisserie 9.50. Thought it was just OK until I dipped it into the 2 creamy dipping sauces that come with it...one green (slightly minty),one yellow. This made the chicken one of the best ever..really..it changed everything. The chicken went from ho hum to wow. * Vegetales Salteados 2.50 ..Like the vegetables they use in lomo saltado..same flavor. * Yuca Frita 2.50..similar to a french fried potato with a slightly different texture and sweeter. I prefer them to french fried potatoes.
Great place to eat. I was afraid the dishes would be too small and you would end up paying a fortune. And for the most part that's true unless you get the Chicken. But the chicken is really good and the sides are also awesome! The drinks are good, but the desserts didn't look good. The Yuca fries were amazingly good.
Arrive: 8:15 Saturday night Party: 4, no reservationTold: 30 min waitActual seating time: 5 minutesBONUS: downstairs!We got: 1/2 chicken, seasonal veggies (long beans with sweet peppers), yucca fries with 3 yummy sauces, tuna tartar with housemade potato chips, root veggies and a pitcher of sangria. Total: $55. WHAT?The chicken was tender, juicy and salty, and came with 2 sides. Best deal on the menu!-1 star for weird rubbery clear things in the root veggie salad, which was also dressed with too much mayo. Also there were only 4 yucca fries total - silly!
I've been underwhelmed by a number of restaurants I've tried recently, so I was relieved that I didn't have to add Limon Rotisserie to the list. I recently came by around 3pm on a Sunday afternoon...I honestly thought it was 12:30pm and I was mystified by how empty the restaurant was...just a side story to illustrate the occasional airheaded-ness of your intrepid reviewer. My boyfriend and I ordered the half rotisserie chicken with tacu-tacu (some sort of bean/rice fritter) and roasted corn kernels (totally forget the name of this but it started with a "c"). We also ordered the "lomito" saltado. All of it was interesting and yummy. I loved that the rotisserie chicken came with two sauces, one orange and one green, both tasty. I really liked the seasoning, although I think the chicken could have had a lot more meat to it. Thank goodness this wasn't a first date because I ended up using my fingers to pull the meat away from the bones and licking them! The "lomito" saltado, a dish of stir-fried strips of beef with tomatoes, onions, and soy sauce, was nicely cooked. I loved the French fries that were soaked in the sauce. Yum. (Btw don't get the "papas fritas" as one of your rotisserie chicken side dishes because they really are just your average shoestring fries, not some sort of cool Peruvian fried potato dish). I was impressed by the tenderness of the beef. The dish, however, was quite salty. In fact, everything ate was sodium crazy; I felt thirsty all afternoon! One thing that helped push Limon Rotisserie to a full five stars was the price. The total came to $12.50 each, including tip and tax. Granted, this was for lunch...but if it had been dinner, I think we would have still been satisfied with the amount of food we got. The $16.95 whole rotisserie chicken with two very generous sides would be a great meal for a family. I love reasonably priced, yummy, sit-down, waiter-service restaurants and Limon Rotisserie is definitely one of them.
I still love this place. I have brought almost everyone close to me here, including my family.And all of them love it. Plain and simple. The last time I came here was on Friday, and for 5 of us, dinner cost $12.50/person. That is a great deal. The place is intimate and cute, and the food is delicious. How can you go wrong? Must-orders: rotisserie chicken (obviously), ceviche mixto, sangria, yucca fritas, tacu-tacu. I have tried some other dishes including the beef hearts, the lomitas saltados, the empanadas, and I've narrowed it down to the ones I just named. I recommend making a reservation; you never know when it will be packed, especially for dinners on the weekend.
Good food, bad service... Up until you ask for the check that is. Chicken and ceviche were good but I wouldn't come back because the service sucked. We asked for an extra spoon, and they rolled their eyes. Never got the spoon. I would go back... maybe just for take-out.
This place is awesome. Our group came here for a late lunch and had the polla a la brasa (half), ceviche mixta, lomito saltado, yuca frita, and tacu-tacu. All the dishes were delicious and the service was awesome. The portion size, though, is definitely lacking. This is a great place to snack so expect to come out hungry if you're with a group of 3 or more. I heard this place gets pretty crowded around dinner but we came around 3 on a thursday and were the only ones there! Would definitely come back again!
The chicken farmers' association of America will appreciate my review. I usually shy away from eating chicken in most cases (unless it's fried!) after being scarred by the dry, flavorless baked chicken I grew up eating as a kid. (Sorry, mom.)But when I heard the buzz about the rotisserie chicken here, I of course had to try it. Hallelujah, I have come to the promised land when it comes to chicken! The bird was very well-seasoned, and the meat so tender and juicy. The chicken also came with a selection of 3 sauces to dip it in - all of them were dee-lish! And the ceviche was to die for...probably the best that I've had to date. All of the items were so fresh - an ideal dish for the recent warm weather that we've been having!This is a great place to try if you're looking for incredible food and not trying to break the bank. The chicken alone is a great option, as you can order a whole chicken (serves 4) with two side dishes for $17. I can't wait to share the bliss of Limon Rotisserie with more fine poultry eaters.
I was quite impressed by this place. I was driving up from Sacramento to meet some friends here and I kept calling them, bumping back the reservation, and adding people. They were really really nice about it. We had a group of six people so we ordered a bunch of things to share. Except for the mac and cheese, everything was awesome. You can't go to Limon Rotisserie without ordering their signature dish the pollo la braza which is rotisserie chicken roasted over an open flame served with their house sauces. I'm not sure honestly what were in the house sauces but I liked all three of them. The ceviche mixto was refreshing and very light. The lomito saltado and the chicharron de pollo were very tasty. I really like the flavor and texture of the carne de parilla and enjoyed eating the fries that came with it. The yucca fries were different than I expected, perhaps a little sweeter, but they were good. I wanted a fruity drink and our waiter recommended the pa brava yo made with Pisco Peruvian brandy, fresh oranges, passionfruit, diced strawberries, elderflower, and soda water. It was the perfect fruity drink and I drank the entire thing. We were a bit disappointed by the mediocre mac and cheese. Other than that all the other menu items were incredible. Awesome menu items:pollo la braza ceviche mixto with fish, calamari, and tiger shrimplomito saltadochicharron de pollocarne la parillacarne empanadasyucca friespa brava yo (drink)I highly highly recommend making a reservation as this place gets packed. We saw plenty of people waiting outside the door. Overall, I am happy with my experience at Limon Rotisserie. They get high marks for being pleasant on the phone, for the good customer service, and the yummy food.
Fabulous Sangria. Yum. Chicken is delicious. Location is a bit scary but worth carrying mace for. Nice ambiance. Never had Peruvian food before and was blown away. Wish I didn't live 1,000 miles away.
It's all about the CHICKEN at this joint... the rotisserie chicken and chicharon pollo was the most flavorful bird I ever had.It's tapas style here baby , so prepare to share with your buddies. I thought the Sangria was okay, nothing to rave about.I also ordered ceviche, but that darn good chicken made me forget about everything else I ate.
Love this place...the food, the drinks, the atmosphere. Great place for happy hour with friends, a double date or even a romantic dinner.
Incredible food - every dish we had was great:Ceviche MixtoTartar de TunaChicharron de Pollo - crispy marinated chicken that we ordered twiceSeco de Costillas braised beef short ribsYuca Frita - ordered twice because the dipping sauce was getting lonelyand the whole chicken was super tender+ SangriaAll this for $20 per person including tax/tip. Incredible food and price - and was easy to get seating on a weeknight.
Nice place in the mission for some trendy peruvian food. the Rotisserie was delicious, chicken came out moist and flavorful, but not juicy... it comes with a nice assortment of vegetables and sides. anticuchos was spicy and delicious
You know it's gonna be a night of good eating when you open the door and are smacked in the face with the smell of juicy, spicy pollo! I really couldn't be more impressed with this place. We went on a Friday night, so it was packed to the brim, but we went up to the bar and bought a pitcher of sangria to help pass the time. There weren't any places left to sit at the bar, but one of the waiters actually went in the back and brought us out 3 chairs so we could sit with our pitcher while we waited. Once we got seated at a table, we were already kind of drunk from the super strong sangria and started ordering one of everything. However, a few things stuck out in my mind:--Ahi tuni was particularly melt-in-your-mouth amazing.--Ceviche de camaron was the most unusual and refreshing blend of flavors I've had in a dish in a long time.--The steak was cooked perfectly to the right amount of "doneness."--Even the yucca fries held their own and came with 3 great dipping sauces (and if I remember correctly, they're only $2 or $3). They were so good that we got a second order.When we mentioned to our waiter that we had to trek all the way back up to Nob Hill and were dreading finding an empty taxi late on a Friday night, he called the taxi service for us to have one waiting by the time we were ready to leave. I don't think anyone could ask for better service, and weeks later, I'm still telling people how great the food is!
Amazing, Amazing, Amazing! I've never had a bad experience at either Limon locations. Everything about this place is perfect everytime. I like this location better, as it's larger (less of a wait, if any), and it's not as dark. The chicken is always pefectly cooked and moist, great flavor. And as far as all of the other dishes you can order, I don't think you'll ever be let down. A must is the Ceviche - I can't come here without ordering it - My favorite is the Mixto - Try it with the (homemade) potato chips too, so good! I came here with 2 others the other night - We ordered half a chicken (we were debating on a whole, but the half was the perfect amount). It comes with 2 sides as well - we got the rice/beans and veggies. (Both we're good). We also ordered the lomito saltado, ceviche mixto, truffle mac and cheese (BEST MAC I'VE EVER TASTED), and chicarron de pollo. It was the perfect order for 3!If you haven't been to Limon, make it into one ASAP! :)
Everything we had here was good. The chicken wasn't crazy moist, but the flavor was great. It was the first time I've had lomo saltado. I guess you can't really go wrong with fries and beef. The sauce they use takes it to another level. I don't say this often, but I plan on going back. Prices are good and food is good.
Make a reservation!!! This place is very popular and very busy especially on weekends. We were walk ins the last two times and had to wait almost an hour and a half for a table! Fortunately a few bottles of Peruvian beer from the bar softened our impatience. The roast chicken is effing good. They don't call it Limon Rotisserie for nothing. Much better than the hyped up chicken at Zuni. The half/whole chicken plus two sides is what we usually order. The sides I'm not too crazy for: yucca fries, sweet potato fries, tacu tacu, etc... carb overload and the taste is nothing to write home about. The ceviches are good as are the grilled hanger steak and chicken chicharron. Sangria is yummy. Service is friendly and speedy.
Small restaurant, small menu, small plates, HUGE FLAVOR!!The host was not extra friendly and we had some reservation issues, but once we were seated the night went quite smoothly. Our waiters and servers were attentive and fast. We ordered two excellent pitchers of sangria for the 5 of us but really struggled with what food to order! Thankfully our waiter had many suggestions - his list of favorite dishes was like 8 items long - and we managed to pick a few awesome plates. We ordered the Ceviche Mixto to start. The flavorful marinade was amazingly acidic and spicy. I loved the halibut, but I think my favorite part was the hominy-like "choclo-on-the-cob" and the cancha (read: CORN NUTS!). Next out was the whole Pollo a la Brasa with sides of the veggies (gotta get the greens) and the yuca frita (gotta balance out the greens with some fried goodness). The yuca was awesome. Just awesome. The pollo was exceptionally cooked and dripped with salt-and-peppery flavor. It was excellent, especially with both of the table sauces - one minty and one spicy. They made the chicken soooo moist and juicy. Incredible. But I will save the best for last!The "Lomito" Saltado was tasty but not my favorite. Surprising, since there were FRENCH FRIES mixed in the dish!!? Normally that would be a ticket straight to my heart (literally?) but there were other flavors that beat even the indomitable french fry this time. The Chicharron de Pollo reminded me of some phenomenal KFC (Korean Fried Chicken).... especially with the Vietnamese-style dipping sauce. Yummaroooo. We also ordered the short ribs which fell apart upon any contact and reminded me of Mom's pot roast since they were served with taters and carrots.The belle of the ball, cream of the crop and other idioms that use alliteration was the Carne a la Parrilla hangar steak. I adored the charcoal-y flavor of the tender meat and the tangy sauce. It seriously melted in my mouth. I saved my last bite of the night so it would be a piece of steak and the quick busboy snatched up my plate so I had to yell out, "Wait!" and get him to bring it back to me since I was certainly not done. It was very worth it. Please just order this dish.Oh, I am NOT done. Since we had a birthday girl (woot!) we were served the flourless chocolate cake without knowing what it was..... ummmmm OMG. O.M.GEEEEEE! In-effing-credible. There are not enough positive adjectives to even begin here. And with a candle? Even more special.In summary: Limon? YESPLEASEANDTHANKYOU.
My party of two arrived a tad on the early side of 7pm Sunday, and we were rewarded with one of two remaining tables. Lucky us: five minutes after we were seated there was a line of 20+ people -- a testament to the good food we were about to experience.We ordered a whole rotisserie chicken, which comes with two sides and two sauces. We choose the yuca and the vegetables for our sides, and we also split an order of the empanadas.All the food arrived at once, and surprisingly quickly. The food has an amazing amount of umami, which left us both thinking, "This must be Peruvian comfort food."Though a bit salty for our taste, the rotisserie chicken was outstanding with its soy sauce, garlic, and herb rub. True, they could cut the salt by cutting the soy, but then one would lose the umami -- overall we agreed that the salty taste was worth the added flavor. The chicken was better than the other three places we typically purchase rotisserie: Whole Foods, Delessio, and Andronico's.The yuca (casava) was perfectly fried, crispy on the outside, but soft and warm on the inside without being gooey, which is too often the case at other restaurants. We used the two dipping sauces liberally, a garlic-aoli-style sauce and a cilantro-based sauce. Delicious.The vegetable side dish, comprising yellow wax beans and long green beans with red onions, also had umami thanks to both tomatoes and soy sauce. Truly outstanding as well.While I didn't care much for the empanada crust -- it was a bit greasy -- the beef filling was so satisfying that we wished we had ordered more. Fantastic!Lastly, the sangria was not overly sweet to my palette as others have commented. I thought it full-bodied, with a crisp fruit overlay from the diced apple and a hint of orange zest. It was a refreshing accompaniment to the meal.While the service was a bit rushed and abrupt, overall we had a good experience. With a 20% tip we spend $23 each, an awesome value considering the quality of the ingredients and the flavorful, satisfying food. And, the leftover chicken will make a wonderful lunch tomorrow. Over the years I've been disappointed with the main restaurant, Limon, but I'm glad to report that the rotisserie offshoot is bound to get my business. Next time we'll try some of the seafood dishes, and a mojito.
Oh my God! This place is phenomenal, with a capital F. The food here is so good I thought I had died and gone to chicken heaven. I liked the old Limon (on Valencia), but this place is beyond belief. The staff is friendly, the bartenders are really sweet, the sangria is pretty good, the ceviche is fantabulous, the prices are surprisingly cheap, and their chicken is....oh la la. This place is so good it should be illegal, if you ask me. If you like delicious food, Peruvian or otherwise, eat here!
The food here was decent, but over priced for what you get. The room was cozy downstairs. I was there tonight, Monday. It was fairly busy even at 7:00, but the service was so amateur it really put me off. I have to say everyone working here are very friendly. But they all need some service 101 training. All our food came at once, partly fault of the kitchen and management I know. This was something you expect at a fast food restaurant. There is no pacing at all. The drinks all took forever and I had to ask three times about desserts. I think they could all be trained, including the kitchen and floor management -THEY NEED HELP! Would not go back, sorry.
Oh, I think I've found my fave tapas place in the city :-) Limon is absolutely delightful -- especially for the price. You can easily get away with about $20 a person here.Last Friday, my boyfriend and I had no dinner plans so thought we should try something new. At 8pm, we called Limon to see how long the wait would be. They said approximately half an hour, so we asked to put our names down. After a short-ish drive from North Beach and fairly easy parking a few cars away from the restaurant, we were seated immediately. Sweet!We ordered quite a few things that were all delicious, but most memorable was the rotisserie chicken. Damn delicious. Juicy, tasty, everything you want. The 2 sauces that it comes with were also good.Cool Mission-y vibe, relatively cheap eats, and fast service. Way to go, Limon! I'm definitely coming back.
I liked the restaurant the first few times I went there. However, last week I went there and the chicken did not taste fresh. It seemed that it was the day-before chicken. I hate when restaurants try to make a fool of you. If I go to a restaurant I expect to eat FRESH FOOD, not left over from the day before. Also, the customer service is not always good.
I'm in love with their rotisserie chicken and double salad side! I have this for lunch, a couple of blocks from my office at least 2x per week. Everyone at Limon is charming, service oriented and they put that food in front of you quickly. It's always consistent and delicious and a great place to get simple traditional Peruvian food. PS - if you're able have the Pisco Sour....delish!
I was taken here by a good friend and since being taken here, I have promoted him to GREAT friend because their food was off the charts!Ceviche is the way to go for an appetizer, we had the mixed ceviche...delish!For our entree we had a half chicken which was also amazingly delish!BTW their mojito's are also very, very good!Must try this place if you are in the area!
Good. Crispy chicken was tasty as were a few of the other meat dishes. Salads were pretty much just average and on the whole I felt like everything was maybe a bit too greasy. Not super pricey which is nice, but also pretty cramped and noisy inside so you kind of get what you pay for.
I am appalled on how the Filipino hostess treated myself and my party of 15. I have been coming here for a
I ain't gonna lie, the food was good. The rotisserie chicken is perfect, in a word. The ceviche and sides were excellent. And the wine choices were good (I was in love with my Malbec). However, the entire experience of the food was marred by the fact that all through the meal, I felt like we were continually being rushed. And it was topped off by the hostess actually asking us to vacate the table, BEFORE the processed check had even been returned to us!Now, I admit, my friends and I were chatty and we took a little time looking at the menu. We also did not pick up the check immediately to pay it the moment it was laid on the table. However, I know for sure that we were not overly slow, and I felt certainly not slow enough to warrant a request from the hostess to vacate the table! While I truly enjoyed the food, I doubt I will return to Limon Rotisserie anytime soon. I might get take-out, though.
This place has quickly become one my favs in SF.Highly recommend the delish rotisserie chicken and mango mojito. Can't really go wrong with that. Reasonably priced. A table of four could easily get two halves (each comes with two sides) for $40. Fun new place to try that will quickly become a favorite.
Shocked by the Yelp hate. I'm really surprised by the "bad service" comments about Limon Rotisserie. I recently came in on a Saturday night with a group of four. We didn't have a reservation (called to try to make one, but they weren't taking any more for the evening), and we were seated within 10 minutes. Once we sat down, the waiter was SUPER attentive. He was right there whenever we needed anything and even when we didn't. Great hospitality if you ask me.The food was delicious. I especially liked the ceviche and yucca fries. We didn't try the chicken, but I'll come back for that and update the review (this is right around the corner from my house after all).My suggestion: Go with a group so you can order a number of dishes and try more yummy things! BTW, the sangria and the specialty cocktails were GREAT.The only unfortunate things about Limon are a) no waiting room if your table isn't ready, and b) what is with the basement? It just seems weird and creepy down there if there's not a private party taking up the space.
If you have never tired Peruvian food...this is the place to go. Food taste as good as it does in Peru. All there food and drinks are wonderful. Service is great. I will be returning SOON!!!
We've been to Limon three times since December, and it's definitely now one of my favorite restaurants in the city. We like to start with the Ceviche de Pescado y Camarones and the Ensalada Mixta. I love their Lomito Saltado - the portion is much smaller than the entree size at Fresca, but this allows me to enjoy my favorite dish while having room to try other things. The half chicken is plenty for both of us, and it comes with two sides - I like the Yuca fries, he likes the tacu-tacu - and the sauces that comes on the side are delicious. Prices are reasonalble - we always marvel at the fact that you can order the 1/4 chicken with a couple of sides and get a really great meal for ten bucks. The sangria is great, and they've got good wines by the glass, too. All this leaves us happy but totally full, and vowing to order one less thing next time. But somehow we can never bring ourselves to do that. The restaurant itself is quite nice - simple but classy. It's great for a date, or dining out with friends. We've always been happy with the service.
Quite enough has been written about Limn. It was a comfortable four stars and the fried yucca logs are the referent for deliciousness.
The chicken and tuna tartare were big standouts for me. I thought the fries were just average and the dipping sauces kind of flavorless, but the first mentioned dishes make up for all of it.Relatively speaking, it was pretty cheap. The staff was snappy and attentive although a little snooty at times.No reservations is annoying to me but I'd come back if I don't have to wait more than 15 minutes.
Sooo good! My party ordered the full chicken, Ceviche Mixto halibut, calamari and tiger shrimp, Yuca Frita,"Lomito" Saltado and fried rice and bean balls. Everything was soooo tasty! the chicken was soft and juicy and the skin was crispy. The flavors of the herbs were just right! The one dish i could have done with out was the lomito saltado. It was good and the other dishes were more satisfying. The yuca frita was really yummy! looks like french fries, but different some how. More light and less greesy. The fried rice and bean balls were also very intereting. Satisfying crunch and nice soft inside. The ceviche was my favorite because i love raw sea foods!~ very good flavors and combinations!~ nice lemony taste!~We also had Sangria for our drink. I didnt really care for it but the other couple that was with us loved and raved about it~! Overall awesome experiance and would highly recomend to anyone!
Oh I really like this place...I have celebrate my bday day which is on 1/2 second time in the row and the 2nd of January is a good evening to go there. Last year I received a complementary cake but not this year =(. The food is just finger licking and I am not even kidding...chicken is amazing and well spiced, beef is tender and seasoned just right. Yuka fries are to die for and my favorite is tacu-tacu side dish...good times and the sangria is makes everything complete. I like it A LOT !!!
service here for large groups is super crap. dont bring large groups here. they will pressure you to order fixed menu to milk you and get mad if you dont listen. waiters are selfish and greedy for tips i forgot the dooshes name, owner needs to re evaluate some of their waiters. food was decent but the waiter i had for our group totally ruined the experience. never coming back. yeah he was that rude and bad. one bad apple left that bad of a taste in my mouth for this place.
The chicken is awesome, and that's all you need to know. Any shortcomings in this place are compensated for by the yumminess of this chicken, for reals.A little fancy for my taste, and the staff attitude is a bit haughty. They're nice enough, but a bit stuck up.They can call themselves Peruvian if they want - the chicken is as tasty as in Peru, but the prices were high ($16/chicken, $25/pitcher of sangria) and most of the staff didn't seem Peruvian to me (but what do I know, I'm just a gringo).
7x7 Big Eat #37 Limon Rotisserie Chicken, check! It's great for groups because tapas are made to share! I had an awesome dining experience here recently with a group of friends. The highlights:Whole Rotisserie Chicken: marinated the "traditional" way-- not sure what that means, but it's slow roasted, juicy, and delicious!Ceviche Mixto: a mix of huge tiger shrimp, calamari, and halibut cooked in lime juice. Probably one of the best ceviches I've had.Lomito Saltado: yummy sirloin strips stir fried with onions and tomatoes-- my group's favorite! Oh yeah, you must not forget the Sangria!
Food was pretty good but for the price it can be better.
Had a seat in the basement bar- slow service, but once the food started coming, it came in a huge rush. Ceviche and chicken were the standouts!
This place has gone downhill. Their lomo saltado is still pretty solid - if you don't get put off your food first. If you pay attention at all, you'll quickly notice that basic cleanliness is lacking. God help you if you get seated in their dark and dingy basement.
Disclaimer: this review is intended for adult audiences. Parental discretion is advised.In almost every conceivable way, Limon Rotisserie Chicken represents everything a sensible yet superficial man like myself would want in a woman. Dark and succulent thighs lovingly rubbed with oil, smooth and proportional breasts that satisfy the appetite without achieving gluttony. She is elegant without being pretentious. Her friends are from the neighborhood with exquisite taste but only at the right price in this uncertain economy. And the ceviche, oh baby the ceviche, it's sweet and tender to the touch as it reaches your lips. All of these carnal delights are gently offered in a dark beautiful setting. The ambient music is unobtrusive while subconsciously suggesting a rhythmic sway of the hips. This restaurant is a Marvin Gaye song sung with Angelina Jolie's lips.It's almost as good as the real thing. In reality, I'd settle for an Amish girl who sews her own clothes and knows how to churn butter. Hmmm, I wonder where girls like that hang out. If you find out where, send her over to the intimate bar area at Limon Rotisserie. I'll be there. Just tell her to leave the homemade butter at home. The delightful chimichurri sauce here will suffice.5 stars.
The first date I had here was anxious mentally, yet the palette was happily in bliss. Just made my way back here a second time and was not disappointed. Got there slightly before happy hour and any crowds hit to enjoy sunshine and sangria.What good stuff is made of: - Ceviche de Pescado y Camaron- Lomito Saltado- Jalea- Chicharron de Pollo- Papas Fritas- A few pitchers of sangria after a long week at work
bottom line: awesome exterior, so-so interior (venue and food, both)granted we came here on a friday night, but the 20 minute estimate turned into an hour and a half affair. after finally being told that seating was within reach, we ended up being seated in the lounge area. please note that this area is LOUD. by the time the food came around, we were famished and feasted on their renowned rotisserie chicken. the first few bites were amazingly tender and juicy, but the inner part of the chicken was surprisingly dry. we also ordered some empanadas, and they mixed up the vegetarian and meat variants. overall, not a great experience and the food definitely did not make up for it.
Perfect for a party or any occasion. The roasted chicken is such a deal, and you get two free sides! You can EASILY eat here for $10 a person ... the Sangria is amazing. One of my favorite places in SF.
A certain someone says that I'm obsessed with Pollo a la Brasa. I probably am. But think of it this way - if you took anyone from the Bay Area out of our community for 2 years, they'd probably start to miss a good burrito after a while. So as a former Arlington Girl, I was missing some good Peruvian Chicken.So how did this rank with my favorite chicken back home (El Pollo Loco on Kenmore). It was right up there. It tasted the way it was supposed to taste. The skin wasn't quite as crisp, but had great flavor. The sauces were good, and like the best of chicken, fairly unnecessary.Plus as BONUS they had yucca fries (as does the very good Super Pollo in Ballston) AND all these yummy small plates. We also had the Ensalada Rusa, Ceviche Mixto, Vegatales Salteados, Tacu-tacu and lomito salteado. The ceviche and ensalada were very good - but portions were quite small - just enough for each of the 4 of us to get a taste (of course the chicken was quite big, so these were good appetizers and everyhting was more than enough). The lomito was really really good - its steak and fries...so how could it not be. The vegetables are so good too - I could eat the whole bowl myself. The tacu-tacu was interesting. I liked it, but I'd get yucca fries and vegetables as my 2 sides from now on. We also shared a pitcher of sangria - super yummy. And the chocolate cake that even a certain someone who doesn't like chocolate enjoyed. The service was friendly and efficient. Our server (Wendell?) was really nice, and funny, and perfectly attentive with refilling sangria and clearing small plates that had been used.I will be back - this was a meal that is well worth driving over the bridge for and satiates my obsession with Peruvian chicken
Great service. Great food!I've never dined anywhere in the mission because I didn't know places like this existed. I was here last night for dinner & we ordered ALL the ceviche appetizers... OMG...they were soo good! The chicken & yuca fries - YES! The sauces..YUM.They are very service oriented and that's what stuck out about this place besides the great food.I would def come back :)
Group dinner review...had a nice dinner for about 11 people here on a Friday night. I dont know if it was not as crowded because it was Black Friday but it was not packed. There is have a DJ and Bar area downstairs and the tables down here are like eating on the couch and coffee table. Didn't mind much cause the food is tapa's sized portions. Perfect for conversation. The food was a plus too. The ceviche was standard, i wouldn't say it was mindblowing. The Empanada's, and chicken chicharrones were the hits for the night. The Rotissierie was like any other. The Yucca Fries are a plus over standard potato fries. Given the taste and the size of our party this place is a great value! about $25 per person and we were content.
With nearly 200 reviews written, I can hardly add anything new to the long list of accolades that fellow Yelpers have already logged on this restaurant. But I'm moved to write a little about my experience anyways, because it was THAT good.I went with a friend to Limon on Saturday eve, after work and before attending ArtSpan's benefit auction at SoMarts Gallery. The place was jam-packed, so my friend and I sat at the bar. Sangrias materialized before us instantaneously, as did the food we ordered. I mean, really, really fast service...these guys work like a well-oiled machine.We ordered a few tapas plates and were unable to finish it all. Standouts were:1. The sangria. Quality ingredients make for a delicious beverage. I had to have two, just to make sure it was as good as the first. Yep! Delish.2. Yuca Fries. I'd never dreamed that yucca could be sooo delicious, and the sauces provided to embellish them were super duper fantabulistic: one green sauce, and one mustard-y sauce. The green was sooo good.3. Mixed vegetables served up asados. To quote James Brown, GOOD GAWD. Rockin'!4. Tuna Tartar---made me weak in the knees. A little spicey, served with these fluffy chips...oh, yeah, baby.5. Ceviche. So very, very delicious. A medley of seafood slightly sour...sublime.As we gnoshed, I glanced up into the mirror hanging above the bar. I had a good view of just about the whole restaurant in that mirror. I tell you, there was not one unhappy person within view. The waiters are fast, efficient, and appear to be weightlifters, because they all filled out their matching brown Limon soccer shirts quite nicely.To quote him again, GOOD GAWD! A treat for the senses. If you haven't tried it yet, get on down there. It's worth every penny.
Mango mojito hmmmRotisserie chicken was good but might be a little salty for some.Sweet potato fries nice & crunchy
Best roasted chicken in The City. Why wait 45 mins for Zuni Cafe chicken when you can get a taste of Peru in 10 mins. On a negative note the desserts are weak and not Peruvian!
good food
We had the rotisserie chicken, empanadas, profiteroles and chocolate cake. ALL of it was AMAZING! Want to experience multiple orgasms? Eat at Limon Rotisserie.
Dinner was perfect. Dessert was ok.The one thing that stood out was the chicken and the service. I usually don't care about the service because too many places in SF are staffed with people that think they are more important than the customer. The staff here was friendly and professional. Overall, they all seemed happy to be there and they were proud of their job. I mean everyone from the hostess to the busboy. My friend from Tokyo said that he was surprised that the service was near what you get in Tokyo.The layout is spacious.The food is awesome. The chicken is perfect: tender, moist and flavorful. The sauces on the side are bonus. The beef short ribs could have been better, but the chicken was the highlight. The beet salad tasted more like a potato salad, but was a great way to start the dinner.The lemon tart was very sugary, with minimal lemon flavor.
Wait was long of course on a late Saturday night but well worth the wait!Tapas like food. love the rotisserie chicken =D Ceviche Mixto- was okJalea-your typical fried calamari seafood mixAguadito de Pollo- pretty good..a hint of spiceCarne a la Parrilla grilled hanger steak-made perfectlyadded some side dishes of arroz (rice) and yuca fries =)and a glass of sangria makes a good night with company!
Like Fresca, just not quite as good. My favorite dish was the pollo a la brasa- moist and flavorful. Seco de costillas (short ribs) was pretty good too. The other small plates we ordered - ceviche mixto, lomito saltado, and chicharron de pollo (crispy chicken) - were just okay. I'd recommend ordering 2 small plates per person.
Fancy KFC! But of course, a better quality, more expensive &no heartburn version. There wasn't one thing that we ordered that I didn't like. Come in the afternoons + don't expect to get the friendliest service coming here...but who cares when there's yummy food in front of you.
This restaurant is extremely busy, reservations recommended especially if you're planning on going during the weekend.I had made a reservation a week ahead for my birthday since we were planning on going to San Francisco the day of anyways. The service isn't exactly marvelous due to the busy-ness of this place, but they're really such polite people you can't blame them. (Thank you for dealing with our questions and needs.)Apparently, there are three floors to this restaurant. (Are all restaurants in San Francisco like this?) We were seated at the bottom floor in a dark corner. (Wow this sounds depressing.) But then again, the whole place was pretty dimly lit. It was loud, it was crazy, we pretty much had to shout and interrupt our neighbor's affairs in order to get our own conversations going, and more importantly, it was fun.My friends ordered generic drinks and I had the mango lemonade. It was a bit too sour for my taste and had me more thirsty than I had started off at first. I asked for an extra cup of water later. We ordered the Pollo a la Brasa (half chicken), Ceviche Mixto, Yuca Fries, Chicharron de Pollo, Carne Empanadas, some Papas Fritas, and for dessert (with a candle on top!) Panna Cotta De Mango. It sounds like a lot, but really these portions are surprisingly quite small, I actually had to order seconds. Everything was well made, and overall everything was a hit! I had gotten compliments for choosing this particular restaurants. (In all reality, thank you yelp.) If I had to recommend anything, I'd recommend the Pollo a la Brasa, Ceviche, and Yuca Fries. Seriously though, try anything on their menu and I dare you to find something to complain about!Tip: Be proactive - maybe even a little bit aggressive in trying to catch the waiters' attention.
Five stars for flavor, horrible seating! We had a reservation for 9, and they gave us two 2-top tables put together! Talk about a tight squeeze! Then they gave a 4-top next to us to a party of 3 right, even after we brought our little issue to our host's attention. WTF? We barely had enough space for drinks, let alone 3 whole rotisserie chickens and 6 other small-plates and _9_ placesettings...The food was good, though... Need to try it again with a smaller party, maybe it'll be a different experience.
The jalea (fried fish, shrimp and squid) with yuca fries was the best I've ever had. The 1/4 rotisserie chicken was good but not great though the two sauce it came with made me eat every bite just so I could eat the sauces. Also got a green salad that wasn't remarkable. DW got the ceviche mixto which she loved and the soup, ditto. She also got the vegetales saltiditios (not sure that is exactly what they were called) and she enjoyed that as well. I had the strawberry lemonade and that was delicious. For dessert we shared the budin and it came with mango mermelada and the love child of leche condensada and whipped cream - very good.
I didn't even know that this place existed in the 'hood until I attended a fundraising event in the night club downstairs last week.So I took my partner for dinner a couple of nights later. We could not have been more pleased. The service was extremely attentive, timely and professional. The wood oven roasted chicken was about as good as any we have had here in SF -- and even with just the half order you get two side dishes and two dipping sauces. Not shabby! We had the Empanadas, a steak dish with an incredible rice/sweet potato side, and another chicken dish. Everything was distinctive, succulent, and memorable. Even dessert hit the right note to finish off a great dining experience.Only one small caveat: I had spoken with the hostess before the fundraiser and before the dinner a couple of nights later. She was perfectly pleasant on the phone, but we felt she was not at all friendly in person. Otherwise a whole hearted recommendation.
Order 1 cold plate, 3 hot plates and a half rotisserie chicken with side of vegetables and yuca frites. Everything tasted great, but our favourite was the hanger steak - juicy, tender and super tasty! The yuca frites totally stole the show though. I never knew potato could taste so good. Crazy! I still can't get over it. Best potato I've ever tasted in my life. Sangria was also delicious, we had the mascarpone cake for dessert and it was decent (although admittedly not mindblowing - unlike the yuca frites =))Bill came up to $26 (tax and tip inclusive) each including the drink, and we were completely stuffed at the end of it. The only downside was that we waited an hour to get our seats, so be prepared if you're there on a Friday night.
We ordered chicharron de pollo, lomito saltado with a side of rice, and truffle mac and cheese. The food had decent flavor and I really wanted to like this place, but the rice was undercooked, service was subpar, and there was an unwelcome creepy crawly visitor in the bathroom floor. Not the best way to end a meal.
The thought of Limon Rotisserie alone is enough to make me salivate! Your mouth becomes wet instantly when you walk in the door greeted by the aroma of flavors, sensationally unresistable! I love Limon and everyone MUST try it!
I just moved to SF a few weeks ago and my friend recommended we go here. I let him order since he had some recommendations and I swear he ordered just about half the menu. I have no idea what everything was, but I know if was all delicious! I also had a glass of their Sangria which was amazing! The service was very friendly and fast even though the place was packed. That's always a great sign! I'll definitely be back for more Sangria and to try the other half of the menu!
The ceviche, lomo saltado [without onions and tomato -the way I like it] , and the chicharron de pollo with their yummy salsa keeps me coming back since they opened. :D
Parking was a bit hard to find, but I guess that's just San Francisco. My wife is a sucker for rotisserie chicken and the chicken was finger lickin good! I would go there again just for the chicken... and the yuca fries. The mixto ceviche was also de-lish. We also had the Lomito Saltado which was good, but not amazing (it probably would be really good if you were really drunk).
Second time to Limon, definitely worth an update as we tried more of the menu this time around. For four of us we ordered the following:Halibut Ceviche - this packed so much flavor! We all joked around that we wanted straws to slurp up the ceviche juice (actually, I wasn't kidding) I usually just want a few bites of ceviche and am ready to move on but I could have had two orders all to myself.Ensalada Mixta - again, perfectly dressed; a nice, healthy way to start the meal (if you're into that type of thing)Cold Shrimp in dressing - I'm usually not a huge cold shrimp fan but these were great, as was the potato thingy they were served on."Lomito" Saltado - what's better than steak and fries? Steak and fries stir fried together with incredibly sweet onions!Whole Rotisserie Chicken w/sides: Yuca Frita and Tacu-Tacu (rice and bean balls) The chicken was as great as before...and we enjoyed the sides so much that we got an extra order of each.Fruit tort - kind of like a cheesecake, we all fought over the last bite.All this food plus 6 beers...grand total? $90 pre-tip. That's one hell of a bargain for four people!A couple of useful tidbits: we arrived around 6:45pm on a Sat night and were quoted an hour/hour and fifteen minute wait but the hostess took our phone number and pointed us in the direction of a neighborhood bar, saying she'd call us when our table was ready. She did and we came back only to be told that we weren't next up but actually third up which led to an awkward 20 minute wait in the hallway outside the bathrooms. Also, we were seated at the table immediately in front of the door and were hit with a 40mph breeze whenever people came into the restaurant. Limon might want to invest in a heavy curtain to block the wind from the diners.No matter - the food, prices and outstanding service more than outweigh these small issues. I can't wait for my next meal at Limon Rotisserie! Now who wants to come with me?
Food was awesome, the service was impeccable, and very reasonably priced for great food. It is a good place to take out-of-town guests and SF residents alike - the food is interesting and delish.
The good: Rotisserie Chicken, Sweet Potato Fries. Everyone in our party agreed the food was good and very flavorful. Decent ambiance.Place got really packed.The bad: Service was eh. Our waiter wasn't very forthcoming when asked about suggestions. 20% gratuity added for our table of 6. Felt rushed out on a busy Saturday night. It's in the mission though and I'm not a big fan of going there if not needed.
Wow, what a great place!! If you nevered tried Peruvian food, you gotta go, if you have tried, you have to go!!I'm not a big fan of chicken, but man, they have the best. It's moist, juicy, spices are just right, wonderfully textured, and just delicious. We also had some ceviche and the sides uhhh so wonderful!I live in San Jose otherwise I'd probably go everyday until I've tasted everything on the menu.
Even the bathroom rocks!Went there Saturday while people were getting ready for Halloween.Sangria is good. The chicken and the beef dishes are to die for.Great food, good atmosphere. Oh An I forgot the warm chocolate cake is insane. I am a chocolate freak and I have tried everything chocolate. This one is GOOOOOD!And the bathroom is clean, nice, shared but clean.I like when restaurants have clean bathrooms.
Love this spot...Def coming back. Hitters!!
Limon Rotisserie has great service and decent food. Sangria is great so make sure your order a pitcher or two. The plates are all pretty small so make sure you order lots. The chicken is pretty good and the dipping sauces even better. The Chifa de Camarones Tiger shrimp was really good and I'd recommend ordering it. Yucca Fritas were good, but it doesnt come with that many pieces. Ceviche: ehhh. probably pass. I've had much better. The Chicharron chicken was also mediocre. Lomo saltado or "Lomito" as they call it was not bad, but nothing special. Overall a good place and not too pricey either. Came out to be about $175 for a group of 7. Would I come back? Maybe.
The price is fair and I came here for a birthday party but the service wasn't too friendly because they won't let us sit down until everyone shows up, but we were only missing two other people for a party of 10. Plus we were trying to surprise the birthday girl so it would be nice if we get to all sit down before she comes. Also they sold out the chicken, and it was suppose to be their best part of the restaurant, they only had three halfs left in the end. So we end up getting all of them just to try it, but it was actually kind of disappointing. Yes, they do give you good sauce on the side but the chicken was dry. I think the best part about this place is their fries, the sweet potato fries were good. Hard to find parking in the neighborhood. be aware!
Okay -- I've got this straight now.YUCA (one "c") is not to be confused with YUCCA (two "c" s). The former is a delicious starchy root vegetable native to South America, which you can order lightly fried as a side dish at Limon Rotisserie (one block from my house; in case you haven't heard me say this before let me remind you that MY NEIGHBORHOOD RULEZ). The latter is a perennial agave shrub that my father somehow managed to cultivate in our yard in MICHIGAN when I was a child. It has spikes on the ends of its leaves, BECAUSE IT'S BASICALLY A CACTUS. I injured myself on that fxxxing plant as a child, numerous times (as absurd as that sounds, it's true), and I have nightmares still about it's thorny tendrils. The last thing I wanted to do was EAT it, but I now understand that the one "c" makes difference. Yuca and yucca are not the same thing. And I have Limon to thank for introducing me to my newest Peruvian obsession...I really love ceviche. There's is good. I had two orders of it -- that good. But at Fresca I would have had four -- so there you go. But I would have had SIX ORDERS OF THE FRIED YUCA... IF I knew more about its nutritional content. Like, is it basically like eating six whole potatoes? Coconuts? I don't know... We're in virgin territory here... Research first; overeat later. Yuca one block away...
Every single item we had....deeeeeeelish! Seriously.Went with a friend.  Noisy and crowded. No ressies accepted. We went around 8pm on Thursday eve and waited approximately 30 min. Luck, as we snagged a spot at the bar, otherwise, awkward space to stand and wait in.We shared: whole roasted chicken (leftovers-yum! :), yucca fries, side of vegetables (grilled, crazy good!), and 4 glasses of red sangria (sweet, but tasty, primarily apples diced into it)Just go!
Good food and good sangria. Nothing too special or impressive thoughThe chicken was good, but liked the other dishes more - tuna tartar, the mixed ceviche, empanada (beef) and the Seco de Costillas were good
Things got REAL at Limn Rotisserie last night, especially because I'd like to propose to the maker of that Ceviche Mixto. Balancing between refreshing and spicy, Limn's ceviche is worth the price of admission alone, especially when coupled with their sweet Peruvian beer. I docked them a star because they stuck my party in the basement (With all the other loud troublemakers), but seating snafu aside, I'm ready for a long term commitment to Limn.
just awesome. I'd go back here in a second. I had the rotisserie chicken and tacu tacu with a negra modelo. incredibly tasty and gourmet stuff. the sauces that accompany the chicken should be bottled and sold :) it was a great deal, as well. my only negative is that this place is popular, and the seating is a bit squeezed (but that's SF) - but that's not going to deter me from going back.
Amazing price for impeccably done roasted chicken. The sauces were pretty interesting as well, though not particularly notable. I got here at 9:30 which is right near closing time so the service was a little bit subpar, but by no means unfriendly, just a bit disjointed. I will definitely be back with my chicken loving friends!
La noche fue fantastico! Everything about Friday night was perfect. This is the second time I've experience Limon Rotisserie (the first being take out)....and all I can do is RAVE about it! -The sangria -The ceviche -The chicken -The sauces -The lomo saltado -The yucca fries -The vegetales salteados -The CUTE wait staff and manager (Antonio) YUM! For 8 of us, the bill was $30 each...not bad. We all left full of deliciousness. The only downside is that this place is TINY, cramped, and they don't take reservations. It's totally worth the wait though. Totally.
love this place! i take all out of towners to it..
Fantastic. We came in just before the crowd on a Thursday and were seated promptly. I love chicken, I'll hit up the farmer's market on Weds at the UN plaza and buy a quarter chicken from the van. . . but Limon Roti is much better. The chicken is perfectly seasoned and the meat falls off the bone. If you like white meat, ask for the quarter with the wing and if you like dark meat, ask for the quarter with the drumstick.The ceviche is excellent and the sides are delicious. . . to top it off, the Peruvian beer is perfect with your meal. I'll be back, it's very affordable for the quality of food.
Love the food here. Delicious!! Especially the sauces! Good service too, as far as I recall. WIll be back over and over.
The traffic downtown was a little miserable yesterday evening. I'd had the day off and was driving from Oakland to the City, through the financial district. I was surprised at how many buildings had their lobbies decorated. Trees with lights, enormous presents, reindeer with red noses, and all sorts of holiday cheer. Even with the economy the way it is, the Christmas spirit is slowly creeping. And, it's a joy that's completely welcome. We all need it.Beyond the decorations, the other great thing about the holidays is reconnecting with friends that you haven't seen in awhile. Tonight we did that at Limon Rotisserie. We've been talking about making excuse to go over in that direction. And, tonight we had a perfect one. We were in the neighborhood.Now all we knew was that it was a place for great chicken and the prices were extremely reasonable. And, it's by the same people that had the Limon on Mission -- can anyone say if it's open again? I want to try it!We were expecting a Peruvian version of Truly Mediterranean. We were very pleasantly surprised. This food might be inexpensive, and the area might be sketch-- but this is going to become destination. If we had a first date again, I would consider this place. I wouldn't hesitate a minute of going there with friends. The food is extremely reasonable, but it's also an extremely pleasant atmosphere. Date-worthy, friend-worthy. I wouldn't recommend it for a crowd of people, but there are very few places I feel should ever be burdened with a horde of people.The four of us sat near the door. Unfortunately, I was facing the window because the restaurant really is pleasant. Later, when the lights dimmed, you could see the fire in the kitchen light up the dinning room. The big mirror hung on the wall spread the orange glow. The accents of green were very pleasant. Even the bathroom was nice, though the bottom lock didn't work. Having a solo bathroom with both a urinal and a toilet really is a smart idea. Keeps it much cleaner. Basket of paper towels needs to go. Can get messy. All restaurants should get rid of this.For a little more than $100, we split the following:- Pitcher of sangria (looked delicious)- A mango lemonade for me- Ceviche mixto with halibut, calamari, and tiger shrimp bathed in lime juice- Seco de Costilla: beef short ribs that looked like they would fall off the bone (can't wait until I have beef again)- Lomito salteado: perfectly done beef with onions, tomatoes, and french fries (again, I'll have beef again soon!)- Chicharron de Pollo: a fried chicken... so good- A whole rotisserie chicken (Pollo a la Brasa) that was so tasty with a hot spicy mustard that made it incredible- 2 sides: yucca fries and something called tacu-tacu (balls of beans and rice)- 2 desserts: Bandido (bread pudding) and Tarta de Frambuesas (a raspberry torte)- 2 coffeesThere were so many other items on the menu that we want to go back and try. That's the best. So if you're looking some great food at an incredibly reasonable price in a beautiful space, run to Limon Rotisserie. There are certain the be crowds soon.
I'm walking around 21st and Van Ness and can't beleive how empty the streets are. Then I see Limon; the place is a bustle on a Tuesday night, completely packed. So packed that people are waiting outside to be seated. Thats when I realized that Carlos A picked the right place for dinner. I have never had Peruvian so didn't really know what to expect. The place is pretty small and intimate. They can probably accomodte 75 people (rough estimate) but they managed to seat us proptly despite our group being 13 deep. I like how the place is a light green interior which goes well w/ the wooden furniture. This added to the warm cozy feeling of Limon. Patrons were yuppies. Not to say they were pretentious, but just a spot judgement, they looked like a white callared group of people ready for a good meal. The food? Amazing...simply amazing. We ordered 2 whole chickens. Each whole chicken comes w/ two large sides (Whole chicken: $15.95, 1/2 chicken: $9:50, 1/4 chicken: $7.25). The best deal is a whole checken shared amung 2-4 people. If you get the 1/2 chicken or 1/4 chicken, you only get two small sides. The very helpful staff recomended this and it saved us money...much props for that. Chicken was amzingly seasoned w/ flavor running thoughout. Absolutely moist and tender (Why can't I make chicken like this?) Ceviche was fresh and delicious. Sides were a good accompanyment to the chicken. Plateing was excellent and everything looked amaging. The sangria was the best I have ever had. Not too tart (I don't like red wine) and not too sweet. It had a cool refreshing finish. A pitcher for $25 is a good deal and it can serve 6 people. My cullinary visit to Peru was a huge success. So much that I chose Limon as the spot of my dept. Holiday dinner this year. Its soooo far off though (12/12) I might have to just come back before that.
Limon is a place I love to take people to when they come to town. It's right down the street from our house which is perfect. The staff is super friendly and you can make a reservation through Open Table on Yelp! The chicken is excellent and the sauces are incredible. My in-laws are awesome at using their rotisserie to make chicken and they were totally impressed. Get the sweet potato fries and the veggies. We also ordered the hangar steak which was also great. For a party of 6 (2 women, 4 men) we ordered 1.5 chickens and 2 hangar steaks and everyone was full.
I'm a big fan of Limon, so we thought we'd venture out of our neighborhood to try the Rotisserie. It took us quite a while to find parking, so best bet is to cab it.We waited 15 minutes for a table for two but had a great sangria while we were waiting. We were seated at a small table near the window.We had a half rotisserie chicken with Tacu-Tacu and some kind of corn. The chicken was the best part of the meal - very juicy, perfectly-seasoned skin, and a great sauce on the side. We also had the ceviche, which the fiance liked a lot, but I felt the pieces were a little too large and the fish was kind of tough. The lomo saltado (my favorite Peruvian dish) was excellent.Definitely worth the time we spent looking for parking. Oh, and the best part - 30 bucks for our food! Love it!
Got the vegetable empanada, mixed ceviche, truffle mac n cheese, chicharrones de pollo, braised short ribs (forgot the name of it), and the yucca fries. they were all pretty small dishes and not too filling. but i enjoyed trying a little bit of everything. the ceviche was a little...blah. my favorites were the chicharrones and the yucca fries. tip: for reservations, they will not seat you until your entire party is there. so get there on time.also: kind of in a residential area, a block south of san jalisco. almost thought we were in the wrong place until we saw a small crowd on the corner.
I'm sticking with the Limon on Valencia Street. Simple as that. Actually, it's never that simple with me. It's in my nature to be verbose in my reviews.Despite this location serving less expensive items than their sister restaurant, the portions are tapas-style, i.e. too small for my big appetite. Going with what we knew was good at the Valencia Street location, we ordered the ceviche de pescado (always delicious), lomito saltado (steak strips were tender and flavorful), and braised short ribs (meat fell off the bone). All the dishes were satisfying to the palate, but the portions weren't big enough for our appetite.The service was on the inattentive side and the ambiance is not very conducive for intimate conversations. But clearly, people still flock to this place for their good eats, as this place was packed on a Monday night.
this review is long overdue. i've dined in and taken out for the last 3+ years. i didn't grow up on peruvian food, but the rotisserie chicken, lomito saltado and yucca fries have become my adopted childhood comfort food.the kitchen is not afraid of seasoning their dishes...full flavored and bold. bland is definitely not in their vocabulary.
This is one of my favorite peruvian restaurants. First off, the chicken rotisserie is amazing, the best I've had. It comes with the sauces to dip in and tastes divine. I always order the chicken rotisserie, mixed ceviche and the beef heart anticuchos. These three are a must. The drinks are also creative and they have an excellent pisco sour. I have brought many friends visiting from out of town and they are always satisified after dining here. I was surprised that there is a downstairs so they can fit in a lot of people. Wise to make a reservation ahead of time and also it is difficult to park in that area so be prepared for that. The sangria also is delicious here so in a large group it's worth it to order a pitcher. I have ordered rotisserie pick up here to go, but they seem to always pop it in right when I arrive so I end up having to wait 10-15 minutes for it anyway, but still is worth it.
Heard this place was good. Drove 2 hours north to celebrate my birthday.I just had anticuchos and my dad had aguadito and some empanadas. Those were alright but the anticuchos weren't that great. The yuca was good though, maybe cause I like stuff thats hella deep fried.My mom ordered Lomo Saltadito. which is just an abnormally small sized plate of Lomo Saltado, but the sauce and spices for that were pretty awesome. The rice doesn't come on the same plate and the service was soo slow, it came more than 20 minutes later and asking 3 different servers multiple times for it. My mom had also asked for her steak strips to be well done. It was way too dark to see if it actually was well done, and since her rice had come so late her meal was cold so she just brought it home. Then with the light we saw that the meat was very rare.The pollo a la brasa was decent but not as good as people are saying it is.I don't know why people are saying the actual sauces served on the side for the rest of the meal are amazing. Definitely sub-par. The rocoto and aji amarillo were weak. We finished them off before the meal and just did without for the rest because it didn't really add anything to the mix.Definitely not worth the 4 hour round-trip for the Limon experience.First time I went to a Peruvian restaurant in San Francisco and I'm hoping there's better options in the city.
I really wanted to eat here, im sure your chicken is to die for. i;m sure your desserts are liek j*** in my pants, as andy samsberg might say. But mr. hostess man is one sassy sassy...i mean i can handle a little sass. i get it, your busy, but isn't that your job. To be an efficient, communicative, and quick stepping host. called on phone to gte on waiting list, host says oh we can seat you in 20 minutes if you get here by then. great! we offf. get there, mr. hostess man looks at our name crosses it off, grabs two menus, and starts walking...with out a word of "we are seating you now", we kinda follow...and its akward becasue he walks up to a 4 top and starts shooting the shit like he didnt just give us all the cues that we would be seated. I'm deeply confused. he walks back to us and we ask, "so, how long is the wait?" and in the most belittiling, condescending tone i have ever experienced in my years "are you ready to have that conversation now?" and im thinking im crazy, i seriously walked into crazy ville! wtf?i'm thinking to myself, i just asked you a question isn't your job to just say 30 minutes or maybe 40 minutes? he turns away and starts talking to someone else. oh no he didn't. after he is done, turns back to us "now are we ready to have that conversation?" same bitchy tone. i stop him in his tracks and say "don't belittle me with your tone, we will take our business else where thanks and bye."Seriously food is one part of the resturant, a kind and communicative host goes along way. your business will not last with crappy services.omg! your chicken cannot be that good to be treated like a total piece off crap. Prediction: the sassy host will decrease your business by 10 fold!
The roast chicken was probably the best I've ever had. Unbelievably tender and flavorful. The cocktails were really good too!
I would want to give this restaurant 5 stars for food and service, but I have to stick to 4 because even though we had an 8 o'clock reservation, we didn't get sat til 9:15. People who were there after us were sat before us. I guess maybe we weren't rude enough each time we checked on our table. Thank goodness this place has a small bar area whcih we squeezed into. After 2 pitchers of sangria we were finally sat. They bought us another pitcher for patiently waiting and our food was out quickly. Everything was excellent: the ceviche, the vegetables salteados, beef salteados, prawns, yuca/sweet potato/pomme frites-all yummy. And of course the roaster chicken. Then we were comped desert as well, a molten chocolate cake and strawberrry tart.Limon was actually worth the wait
Man I could eat their rotisserie chicken for days....
Went here for my brother's birthday dinner over the weekend. It was all high quality and delicious. My favs, veggie empanadas and mixto ceviche. Everything I had was awesome though. I really like this place.
So I know its not fair to penalize a place just because of a minor thing like salt, but I will. I really want to give it a 3.5 but am leaning 3 since i have to round.The first two dishes I had were absolutely delicious...the Tuna Tartar and the Ceviche Mixto. Very nicely flavored, yet subtle enough to really let the fish speak for itself. All the other dishes (a beef, chicken and a shrimp dish) however, were heavily oversalted (a pet peeve being a foodie and cook). They were otherwise very well done but, for gods sake man...easy on the salt! Then there was the Sangria...can we say candy? Jesus it was sweet! And I dont mean sweet in a good way. Maybe as a nice reduction and drizzled on a cobbler or something, but certainly not as a drink with dinner. Anyway, other than the food and drink (which have the potential to be incredible!) the atmosphere was similar to a fancy school cafeteria...really loud and kind of obnoxious. I will say the service was top notch though, very attentive and polite, especially considering the cramped quarters. Probably wont go back, but a good enough place nonetheless. If you go, just get as much of the seafood dishes as you can and you wont go wrong.
I LOVE YOU LIMON ROTISSERIE!!!!You are cheap. You are delicious.You are close to my boyfriend's apartment.You have fantastic mango mojitos!My boyfriend and I ate lunch here for $20 and we left stuffed and smiling.Get a mango mojito. Not too much alcohol but plenty to leave me nice n' tipsy.Everytime we share the half chicken with sweet potato fries and rice. Last time I also got a side of their veggies cooked in a light soy sauce ("Vegetales Salteados"). DELICIOUS.My ONLY request: some sea salt on the sweet potato fries. They're not heavily salted and there aren't any salt shakers on the tables (and I figured it may be insulting to the chef to ask for some).The flan-like dessert (I forget what they call it) was interesting and new for me but I really liked it nonetheless.Go here, just don't go too often because I like the fact that I've never had to wait for a table =)
bad! bad! bad! very bad! horribly bad customer service..especially from a waiter kind of long hair and facial hair... my first and last time there ever...! too small too noisy food has nothing extraordinary whoever gave this place 4 to 5 stars have not tried real peruvian food..there are way better peruvians restaurants in the south bay.. we were a party of 15 ppl including childrens..so i came in with my 5 mths baby in his stroller cuz he was asleep...i am getting thru the door when this dumb waiter with an arrogant attitude told me i need to to fold my stroller cuz there was no room. he didnt even give me options on how to deal with the stroller i said can i put it by a lil spot that was there? he said no! i sweard to god this guy made me literaly cried..i said fine..took my baby out and put the stroller in my car luckily my car was infront cuz parking there sucks too..so i thought about just taking off but we were a big party and didnt want to ruined ..so we sat and we ordered. i got the so famous chicken" i was not impressed with the flavor and can make it wayyyy better... we were been rushed to eat by busing our table every 3 min. we finished eating paid our bills and as soon as we paid the dumb waiter started to position the tables including where i was sitting he just pulled the table and left me seating there..so rude! and the worse part gratuity is already included ..like if they know their customer service sucks thats why the included on the bill. never ever..ever again will go to that or any other so call rostisserie limon again"""unprofessional customer service..ps: and only one bathroom? a long line to pee in a freaking matchbox place...seriously? ppl please there are way better places than this..do your homework before you go to this matchbox place.NEVER AGAIN WILL GO TO THIS PLACE!! EVER!! EVER!!!
If I could give Limon Rotisserie 10 stars, I would! Carlos A. organized a party of 13, which is not easy to pull off in such a small place that doesn't officially take reservations, but we all were comfortable and left with full bellies. We ordered a couple of whole chickens and it was plenty to go around for the table (each would serve about 4 ppl). We all shared a bunch of different items and went family style. The Lomo Saltado was my favorite, but everything I tasted, I devoured!  I'll be back for more of the halibut & shrimp ceviche, the yucca fries, chicken chicaron....actually, I'm going to have to go back w/ a big group again so I don't have to choose. haha! Oh, and definitely order the Sangria - perfectly sweet, perfect amount of fruit and spice. YUM! There was not one (not one single thing) that was not absolutely amazing!Did I mention that it's affordable too? Don't go to Limon Rotisserie, RUN!
I heard that Limon Rotisserie is a result from the original Limon having a fire a while back. Who could think that something so great could come from something so awful??? Now the Castillo family owns 2 delicious jam packed restaurants within 10 blocks of one another. What a great success!This might possibly be the best cooked & seasoned chicken I have ever eaten. The other tapas we also had were delicious as well:The Ensalada Rusa was very creamy and flavorful.The Anticuchos de Res was I believe my first time ever trying beef hearts and did not disappoint me whatsoever, they were also cooked to perfection.The Ceviche Mixto was definitely the best ceviche I have ever had.The Tacu-Tacu was like a hashbrown made out of an ultimate flavored combo of rice and beans.The Yuca fries were thick and finger-licking good.The Sangria positively hit the spot!Customer service at Limon Rotisserie (without even taking into account the volume of business they have) is also exceptional. From the moment we entered Wendell the host was extremely attentive and informative. He even came to the bar to explain the menu to us while we waited for our table. The entire crew seem to work together in perfect harmony, constantly successfully searching for who needs what next without interfering with your dining experience. This should be the model all restraurants are trying to work towards and achieve.
You go into the basement space and the woman whom you've recently decided to call your girlfriend is waiting there to introduce you to four of her friends. Gulp. She has pre-ordered a glass of sangria for you. The conversations go smoothly. The rotisserie chicken is awesome.
The food was good and the staff was friendly, but the portions were very small and the price was steep. Everything, except the chicken came out on a small appetizer plate, which made it a little difficult to share amongst four people.I went there on a double date with my boyfriend and our friends and the bill came to $88. Granted, we did sample all three of the desserts, which were pretty amazing. My friends fell in love with the chocolate cake, but I personally savored the bread pudding.Overall, a fun place to go out with our friends, but I didn't think that it lived up to the hype.
I ate here last night and had an excellent meal.  (and just had some reheated chicken for leftover dinner -still great).I don't know anything about Peruvian food, so I can't say if it is traditional or not, but I can say that it was good.We had all the beef dishes (the lomito, the short ribs, the beef heart and the other one -which is actually the one I liked best). We also had the veggie empanadas, the rotisserie chicken, the ceviche and for sides the yucca and the sweet potato fries. We also had the chocolate for desert (yum).I haven't been this happy with a meal for a long time. We went late sunday night, and had reservations (it was crowded and small). The waiter wasn't particularly attentive and the food all came at once (something which bothered my wife, but didn't bother me).I will definitely go back.
The chicken here is probably the best rotisserie style chicken I've ever had... and I'm not just comparing that to Boston Market. The price is beyond reasonable. When you order a whole chicken ($15) it comes with two sides, which will definitely be filling for two people. This chicken is packed with flavor and juices. I'm a dark meat fan, but even the white meat was moist and for anyone who cooks knows that white meat can get dry really fast. I've had a number of other items on the menu, which are good, but not as good as the chicken. Honestly, I shouldn't be writing a good review for this place because I don't want it to get crowded, but I think everyone should be able to get a little taste of heaven.
Limon has great food and atmosphere. I made 6:30 reservation, but my party arrived early at 6 and they still sat us right when we got there despite being busy. We had a great time and will return again. My only complaint is that there is what appears to be only one bathroom and both men and women were going in and out. it's not a big deal to me, but others might be a little put-off. Try the fish and shrimp ceviche! Yum!
Love this place!
Only small plates, hot and cold. Only big option is getting a whole/half/quarter rotisserie chicken. The small plates are whatever. The chicken is where it is at. Very flavorful and moist. They serve beer in wine glasses. They are asking for the miller high life guys to run through and ridicule them for their disconnect from reality. There is something very offensive about the beer in wine glass thing to me. If you really want some good chicken go here. It is trendy so if you are, or think you are it might be a good place to be seen. Blah.
This place is bomb.com! Went here on a Saturday with the girlfriend in hopes trying some delicious food and we were not disappointed! Just order the Rotisserie Chicken and you will be like T-Pain and Kanye..living the GOOD LIFE cause its amazing. The meat falls off the bones and the sauces they give you with it are just amazing. It does get crowded with hipsters (le fail i know) but the food is worth it trust me on this! DELICIOUS!
Been here twice now, this place is amazing. Every item ordered was flavorful and delicious and the entire tab came to $39 for two of us (half chicken, ceviche, empanadas, 2beers). Easy 5 stars.
Limon is a gem of a restaurant. Not very many places in SF where you can have a scrumptious appetizer, dinner, drinks and dessert for two for around $60...this place is not only delicious, but very reasonably priced. Great atmosphere and crowd and unpretentious staff. A win win on all fronts!
I've been here twice and both times have been pretty good. The first time we sat upstairs in a table by the corner; the second time was spent downstairs in the secret lounge-type atmosphere. Both have very different feels. If you can make your reservation for downstairs, there's a lot more space and you get to sit on cushy booths and ottoman-like chairs that move around. It looks almost nothing like the main part of the restaurant and each floor has its own personality and charm.The food is pretty yummy. It's tapas style for the most part and my advice is to order more than you think. Both times we went I left feeling a little hungry. This could also be due to my bottomless stomach so I won't hold Limon responsible. And I'm not usually a sweets kinda guy, but some of their desserts are hella tasty.Piece of advice? Be careful when you climb over tables when you're downstairs. Who knows where your foot might end up. Hopefully not on a pitcher of sangria that ends up breaking and spilling all over your neighbors... not that I speak from personal experience. 3.5 stars and worth coming back for a third try.
I think the food is great here for what you pay for. Two beers, half a chicken that comes with two sides, tuna tartare, and the veggie empanadas - $36-pre-tip. Pretty darn good for a fun dining adventure in San Francisco on a Friday night. Our servers were quick, attentive and friendly. Patrons looked like they were having a good time (which for some reason is important to me), there's a little DJ setup in the downstairs dining room where some and it was a diverse crowd - San Francisco style!One last thing, I agree that the food can be salty, but salty is so damn good! And yeah, the hostess was a c&*t! I feel vindicated that it wasn't just me that felt like I caught some attitude from her. Come on fellow Yelpers, unite! We must let the restaurant know, in a professional manner of course, that they can't let a c*%ty hostess ruin a good restaurant.
This chicken is so darn good I actually have dreams about it. I don't even remember anything else about this meal. Go eat it, and bring some back for me!
Yummm everything we ordered here was yummy. They don't have a drink menu, but their sangria is delicious. 5 of us ordered- a whole chicken (good but not amazing)- ceviche mixto- tuna tartare (small but good)- lomito saltado (yummy steak with fries)- jalea (sooo delicious)- the ensalada rusa (beet salad = AMAZING)- pitcher of sangriaWe paid about $23 a person total. I would definitely recommend ordering a few of the plates as they are small.The only dings about this place = the location (kinda sketch if you're walking from Bart alone at night) and the temperature of the restaurant (it was cold!!). I'm not sure if I'd ever be in the area again, but if I were to be, I'd come back!
After attending a rather unimpressive art show in the Mission (I'm all for modern art, but only when I can tell some actual WORK was put into it), my gurls and I hightailed it over to Limon for a late weekday dinner.The four of us ordered a whole rotisserie chicken, which came with two free sides. We got a side of rice and one of salad. I ordered the "Lomitos" saltado - tender pieces of beef, onions, fries, and tomatoes sauteed in soy sauce. Sooo good. The chicken came with two great spicy sauces to drizzle on top.And the sangria - oh, the sangria! I was the only one at the table to order an alcoholic beverage (per usual...always down for drinkin' despite the fact that no one else around me is). Probably the best sangria I've ever had.
I had an absolute wonderful experience here. Came here tuesday night with my long lost gf of 14 years. I can't possibly ask for more....great company...great service.....great food and great prices......if you ask me it was just GREAT. Since my gf and I really like to eat...we wanted to order everything on the menu. Instead we opted for 5 dishes.....and boy o boy were they good. Ceviche Mixto-calamari, halibut and shrimp...citrusy to perfection and it had corn....loved it.Tartare de Tuna-now I am a little bias...I love almost anything with tuna in it....loved it but it would have been better with some avocado.Lomito Saltido-this reminded me of the California burrito at Alerto's in Anaheim...yummy.Jalea-loved it and loved the sauce....had a kick to it.1/2 a rotisserie chicken-now you can't possibly come here and not try the chicken....at least have it your first time here. Amazingly tasty....it came with 2 sides.....we had the yuca fries and vegetables. It came with 2 sauces...dunno what they were but I liked the orange colored one.We also tried 2 of the desserts here. The flourless chocolate cake was just ok....but I really liked that cake with raspberry sauce....absolutely to die for. I also tried the sangria here. I liked it....wasn't watered down and it had tiny bite size pieces of fruits in it. Overall....I loved the place. Very easy to find. Parking was easy. They were very attentive. Only bad part the unisex bathroom....yuckies. Definitely will come back again so we can order the other half of the menu.
3.7 in my book due to a case of post-food experience in Peru & realizing that nothing here has yet to match the goodness of true South American cooking. Sangria was delicious, although I wish they went more generous with the red wine so i can really feel like I'm having a cocktail rather than a tasty fruit punch. Ceviche, good flavors but missing that spicy heat which I've learned to enjoy so much with this dish. I also wished the portion wasn't so dainty. Lomo saltado, meat was cooked just right at medium, but gets very heavy on the salt towards the end. The beef ribs were delicious. Juicy, moist, and tender. Rotisserie chicken half size...it's true...chickens really are much smaller here than in Peru. We ordered a second half size as one did not suffice to satisfy four people's ravaging hunger. Would I come back? I would for the laidback yet hip atmosphere, for the sangria (even if it's watered down), and for a place great for small groups where you don't have to fight for reservations. First come, first served, is the way to go.
Great! SF should have more restaurants like this. Affordable and delicious.
when customer service really matters in a city filled with restaurants on every corner, this place really needs to take a step back and reconsider how they treat their customers. we were completely turned off by the hostess (the first person you encounter and can dictate what you are going to experience) who really didn't give a shit about a mistake with the reservation. she showed it by being rude, inconsiderate, and made it known she wasn't going to even try to assist. the food doesn't stand out and it is not memorable. i believe the costco rotisserie chicken for $4.99 is much better. so disappointed.
SOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD! Yuca fritas, vegatales salteados, y pollo. The only bummer was that the specialty drink wasn't available, but oh well. Delicious!
Rotisserie Chicken was really fantastic. My favorite was the Seco de Costillas (braised beef short ribs). Don't miss the Veggie Empanadas. We also had the chucharron de Pollo and Lomito Saltado. Both are worth ordering. The fish and shrimp ceviche and the beat salad were nothing spectacular.
My friend had a birthday dinner last week and he loves this place. So he took me here because he thinks I might like this place also. Guess right! I love this restaurant! Everything was just perfect here! Efficient and friendly service! The quality of food here is GREAT! All dishes that we ordered were delicious and price is reasonable! The menu here was so simple but you won't be disappointed. First, you choose the size of the chicken (whole, half or quarter) with two sides dishes. You can choose from fries, rice, vegetables etc. Then you choose hot or cold small plates. We have ordered: 1. Ceviche Mixto Halibut, calamari and tiger shrimp marinated with lime juice - everything was so fresh here! Very refreshing........ 2. Half Chicken with sauteed vegetables and Sweet Photo Fries - the chicken was well flavored, not too salty! The meat was so juicy and tender! The vegetables were OK but the sweet photo fries were soooo good! 3. We have also ordered a special drink of the day - Mango Mojito. Actually I don't like Mango but this drink was so good. I can't wait to go back again!
Disgusted with the service! We gave it not 1 but 2 opportunities to redeem themselves. We arrived at the Valencia location we had a baby. The front of house guy gave one look at the baby and said "Sorry we can't seat you there is a a party of 30 coming in and we can't seat you". We are jammed pack until 9 pm. It was obvious that he didn't want to seat us because there was plenty seating available. We had to eat in a joint close to this location and after we finished lo and behold same seating was available. We thought maybe this guy is a major jerk we'll try a different location. To avoid any further issues with the baby we reserved a table for four adults and one baby. With this in place you would think they would plan the seating accordingly so. Got there the lady seating was annoyed we had the baby. Moved us from the initial table stating we would be in he way of other customers with the baby. She could not accommodate our request that the baby not be seated in front of the kitchen where waiters had hot plates coming in and out. We moved the baby to safety.We decided to stay since we were hungry and got the rudest waiter to serve us. He was almost throwing the plates at us and not willing to explain anything to us about the menu and exasperated when we asked questions.
Loveddddd it!! The ceviche was amazing! My favorite restaurant in the mission district, hands down. The service was amazing!!
I had to wait almost an hour to get a table for 5 on a Friday night (hence the 4 and not 5 stars).... so worth it. The food was all solid and tasty with a fresh, clean flavor. Not one dish stood out above the others. The sangria was very good too.Here's what we had:Yucca Frites - yum... perfectly breaded and fried and they gave us 5 big sticks for 5 people (every restaurant needs to count how many people are at a table before they make the food.)Papas Frites - so good. Skinny and crisp, as good as McDonald's (that's no insult, we all know that Micki D's has the best french fries in the world).Limo Saltado - perfect. Cooked well and flavored impeccably.Tacu Tacu (or something like that). So so good. Little bean patties that are spicy and delicious.Ceviche Mixto - yum... very good. Clean.Beet Salad - perfect. Great dressing.Rotisserie Chicken - oh! my! god! This was amazing (and so inexpensive).
My review for this place has been long overdue. We have been coming to Limon Rotisserie since like forever! Have tried other Peruvian places in the Mission but this is the best food for the money. Let me start with their chicken: it is marinated and roasted to perfection. The sauces that come with it are awesome. Their ceviche: has just the right amount of spice and acidity. Their sweet potatoe fries: crispy, seasoned properly and not greasy. Their sangria: its got the right amount of fruit and alcohol in it. Their mango lemonade is a must to try too. The service in this place is very friendly and efficient. This would always be our go-to-place in the Mission!
we naturally had to try out this place having had pollo and inca Cola whilst traveling in Peru. Pollo and Inca Cola is standard peruvian fare like how burgers and fries is to american food or sweet and sour pork is to chinese food...The place was busy on a sat evening, we waited about 20-30 minutes, I would typically be ok with waiting since they dont accept reservations but the bar was just too cramped for anyone to hang around. The pollo was awesome, really tasty as were the other dishes. A meal for 4 came to $100 which included a jug of sangria and additional 5 glasses of wine. Great food, good deal and vibey atmosphere (it would have been even more perfect if they took reservations and served Inca Cola!)
3.5. Pretty much everything was good:Yuca fries! So good!Rotisserie chickenCeviche -- squid, halibut, very citrusyMango lemonade!Beef with more yucca friessauteed veggies -- mostly green beans, good sauceCold spiced mashed potatoes -- yum. beets on topOnly downside was some items were salty. The chicken, for example, which is unfortunate because for a rotisserie the chicken should do no wrong. You get some side sauces, but you don't really need them because everything already has strong flavors, maybe even too strong.
get:roast chickenyucca friessweet potato frieslomito saltado (more meat, less potatoes please!)veggie empanadas (they come in pairs btw)pass:shrimp & fish ceviche
The food is good but not great. It seems like their favorite topping to all their meals were onions so if your an onion hater request no onions. The portions do run small but for the price, it is reasonable. It seems that they don't offer dessert but we were full enough to pass. They need to invest in a RDH Recessed Over Door Heater so that the cold air does not interrupt the customer as they lounge.
this place is delicious. i have been a few times but it started with a lunch back in 2010.i think i have tried almost everything on the menu but some of my favorites are the chicharrones del pollo, the chicken, and the veggies. oh, and the empanadas. no okay, you can't order anything that's bad here.the plates are small and are intended for sharing so get a few things and fill up your plate with a little bit of everything. their drinks are quite good too. it can get busy especially during evenings of prime nights (friday, saturday) so make a reservation.my mouth is literally watering right now.
Amazing rotisserie chicken with great side sauces. I also got the truffle mac n' cheese and some grilled vegetables. Everything was amazing. The waiter was a bit aloof though. He forgot one of our dishes and then double-charged us for something. I think he was desperate to leave his shift, which was unfortunate because it resonated with our experience. The food was excellent though!
I always like to try new things, so when my friends told me that they had made reservations for Limon I was excited to finally experience Peruvian food.There were around 9 of us, which I understand is a large party, but we had a reservation and still had to wait 30 minutes to be seated. That is not acceptable. I was not a happy camper. We then got seated in their basement room, which was actually really cool, but it was hot and muggy down there. When we left I felt like I had chicken grease on my face. The food was decent. The chicken tasted like the chicken my mom makes (well seasoned, nice flavor) and the sides were decent as well. I had the sweet potato fries and the tacu-tacu. I'm glad I went to Limon to try it, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.
Even on a Sunday evening, this place is bustling. Fortunately, we didn't have to wait for a table when we got there at about 6:30pm. We ordered: ...Ceviche De Pescado Y Camaron halibut and tiger shrimp marinated with lime juice, rocoto, garlic, and served with choclo-on-the-cob, camote and cancha...1/2 Pollo A La Brasa a classic peruvian dish. chicken marinated the "traditional way" and cooked in our rotisserie (can you go to a place with rotisserie in the name and not order the rotisserie meat?) with yuca fries and cancha (basically salted corn nuts)...Carne A La Parrilla grilled hanger steak served over Tacu with salsa criolla and red wine-beef sauce...Aguatio De Pollo a classic peruvian soup made of cilantro, huocotay, aji amarillo and chicken, thickened up with riceMy favorite was the halibut ceviche. In that dish, the pescado was better than the camaron. But the light lemon marinade plus the cancha and other "super" corn complimented each other well and really made the dish come together for me.The carne was quite flavorful, along with the tacu tacu, which is a rice and bean mixture that has been deep-fried. I imagine it would be delicious with beer. I had sangria, so...it was a bit over the top.The soup was very tasty. Just the right amount of flavor...again, if you're drinking beer. Otherwise, it might be on the salty side. I dipped my yuca fritas in it and my taste buds went CRAZY!The pollo was beautifully marinated/seasoned. Unfortunately, it was outcompeted by both the seafood and its four legged friend. I have to admit that I was more in the mood for "chicken of the sea" than I was for "tuna of the land" last night (proverbially speaking). I definitely have those "damn, i want some rotisserie chicken" days and this is where you'll find me. Oh yeah...the Sangria - YUMMY! Loaded with fruit pieces and very full-bodied. And true to form, it got quite a bit syrupy as you reach the bottom of the glass. I would recommend asking for some ice mid way through.
Great food! Decent prices and good service! Small place - not much room between tables. The sangria is yummy! The ceviche is delicious with a bit of a spicy bite! We liked the first one so much, we ordered a second!The rotisseries chicken was perfect - juicy and not dry at all! The hangar steak - also very good and juicy!The sweet potato fries were great too!The only reason I'm giving 4 stars vs. 5...the hostess was a bit snippy. I had a reservation for 6:30, and the place wasn't yet full, but she wouldn't let us sit down until our entire party was there, and that's when I told her that we would start ordering. Coming from the restaurant business, I understand, but if there are tables available, at 6:30 PM, it shouldn't have been a problem at all.
Fantastic food, quick service, and extremely reasonable prices. I will definitely be making a trip back here soon. Definitely make a reservation though, as is expected with a place this good, it was packed!
Excellent meal! The flavors were great and distinctive. The Chimichurri sauce was fresh and went well with everything we ordered. The rotisserie chicken was so juicy and tender it was amazing. It is a great bargain as you could easily pay double or more for an equal quality at other SF restaurants.
I think this is my new favorite restaurant in the city. The week before we went for the first time I was thinking about getting it for take-out. I'm glad we didn't because we had an exceptional dining experience that we would have missed while trying the food for the first time.I love papas huancaina, and although the server sadly informed me that they didn't have that type of sauce there, he immediately described the ones they offer and brought some to our table to taste. Between 4 of us, we shared many places - ceviche, salad, lomito saltado, whole chicken, yuca fritas and tacu tacu. Everything was delicious, the sauces were great to dip the chicken and yuca into. (Yes, the chicken was a little salty.) For dessert we had a very light cake that combined a vanilla cake, mascarpone cheese and raspberries. It was surprisingly perfect and fresh tasting. We did wait awhile for our table, which was expected, and did sit just inside the door, which was cold. But the service was outstanding, our main server was so friendly and attentive. Our water was refilled promptly, plates taken away in a timely manner.Three of 4 had a couple beers each, we were all very satisfied with the amount of food we had...and even with a 20%+ tip, it was still only $27 per person. I'm happy to love so close to this place, plus I didn't forget my paper menu on the way out.
Best anniversary dinner at Limon! Ceviche was amazing, service was fantastic - half a chicken and two sides (fries and salad) was the perfect amount of food for the two of us. Chicken had a crispy and salty skin, while the inside was moist and fell off the bone. A pitcher of sangria and to-die-for profiteroles - what more could you ask for?We will be back! Maybe tonight....
Wow! First time here today and we both were blown away. Great food and good service. We had the 1/2 chicken and that had to be the best chicken I've ever had. For sides we got the vegetables salteados and the Yuca. Both were delish. We also ordered the fish ceviche and the mixto and I know I sound like a broken record but also were amazing. My partner had the lomo salteado and he said it was ok but not the best (I don't eat red meat so can't comment on this!). I also had an order of the salad and it was good. This is now one of my favorite spots to go back to in SF. Great value for great food! I also got to meet the owner of this spot and realized he is someone that I knew from 12+ years ago... Small world!
Whoever thought of this idea is a genius. The food is great - the chicken is cooked to perfection, and the sides are delicious. The drinks are also very very decent.I went on a random week night so there was no wait, and it was still a relatively new so the crowd was light. It was also on the cheap, which is always much appreciated.I would suggest this for a casual dinner with someone who is familiar with the city and wants a new, trendy place.
Had the best Ceviche in America here. Quality, clean, etc. Small place with a big reputation among locals in the know.
The mango lemonade was good along with the desserts.The signature chicken from the rotisserie smelled delicious but was dry.It was freezing cold in the restaurant, but it could have been the hostess' TERRIBLE attitude. I don't think she could have been grumpier.
This restaurant makes delicious chicken, but it's the fact that it is so crazy affordable that makes me love it so much. I went recently with a party of 4, so we got a whole chicken (4 pieces), the 2 sides that come with the chicken, plus two extra sides. We were all stuffed and the whole bill only came to $7 per person, including tip. I recommend ignoring anything on the menu that is neither chicken nor sides. Those other dishes pad the bill and are nowhere near as wonderful as that damn chicken that visits me every night in my dreams.
I love this place! Everything was perfect. It's small and quaint, and totally hip. Parking can be a drag, but is worth it. The food is fabulous- ceviche, chicken, steak, all were wonderful. The service was perfect! I need to go back there soon! ! !
Oh Limon, how I love you so.... Mi corazn es en fuego! I came here for the first time the other night with my dining companion who had been here once before and it was everything I was hoping for... and then some! We ordered the ceviche, the lomito saltado, the roasted chicken, fresh vegetales and yucca fries. Everything was so fresh and flavorful, I was sincerely impressed. Of course we polished off our meal with mucho mas mojitos and they sure did pack a punch! [Then again, I'm a certified lightweight. READ: it doesn't take much to get me tipsy.]The service was also really great. I found the waiters to be incredibly helpful and kind enough to provide recommendations for some of the house specialty's.All in all, a great dining experience, though the *only* pitfall was the ~45min wait, but I'm a social girl and can make conversation to pass the time... It felt more like a 25min wait, so whatever. :-]
WOW! Talk about a surprise. The Mrs. decided to go here and took me to try it out since we both love good deals for great eats. We get there and the place was sort of empty, not surprising for a monday evening. We ordered the half rotisserie chicken with the 2 sides and MAN O MAN! The chicken was SO moist and juicy! The wait staff was VERY nice and attentive. Our waiter recommended the stir fry veggies which were a HIT! We also got-Yucca Fries (MMMMM!!! I LOVE potatoes!!)-Chicharron de pollo (a bit dry but still very good and flavorful)-Ceviche Mixto (Nice blend of citrus and spice)-Sangria (liquor is liquor to me :D )All this food for around $50 bucks is very worth it IMO. Definitely will be going back there again to try some of the other items and redo the CHICKEN!!! GRAWR!!!
I have been to this Peruvian restaurant once, but will be returning. Their rotisserie chicken is worth the visit. It is very well seasoned, juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside. Most of the other plates are on the small side. Their Ceviche was good but the portion was meant for one. Drinks, they offered a few Peruvian beers. Their Mojitos were good and their Sangria can be ordered by the pitcher.The ambience of the place is cozy, it's the typical SF place. However it does have basement seating which is usually reserved for bigger parties. Seating becomes an issue during their peak times, especially if they do not open the basement seating. Overall you have to try this place if you are craving some well cooked rotisserie chicken- it definately trumps those made by Safeway.
*The Experience*: I came here with a group of six people and a few of us waited for 30 minutes at the bar for the rest of the party to show up. The hostess and the bartender were extremely up themselves. I don't think a bartender should be haughty when there is no bar (Beer does not a bar make). Also, the hostess was just straight-up rude. I'd like to tell her that she isn't the bouncer for the next-hottest club, but instead a welcoming host to an eating establishment.    We were seated underground. This underground looked like a nightclub...from my nightmares. Really sticky, badly done paint job on the walls, cracked leather seating, and wobbly low tables. And the wait-staff were nowhere to be found. After two people in my party went up to ask for service, the wait staff finally realized that they had to serve us. This would be a great place to bring your friends who like to go to really shady bars and clubs.*The Food*: Unless you are a die-hard chicken rotisserie fanatic, the food was not worth the rude and incompetent staff and gross ambiance. The chicken was tasty and I'm a sucker for ceviche, but the other dishes were a hit or miss. The yucca potatoes were too dry and thick for proper deep-frying, the carne a la parilla (hanger steak) was salty and overdone, the aguadito de pollo was not a chowder-like soup but more of a thick dipping sauce (which we quickly figured out that the "soup" was better as a sauce for the rotisserie chicken), and the rest of the dishes I really couldn't remember.*Would I Eat Here Again?*:Hell to the No. Even if my friends wanted to come here, I'd peace out on dinner and join them for drinks afterward. Or I would lie to my friends and say that I can't come to their dinner to avoid going to Limon Rotisserie.
Interesting find here in the Mission - initially discouraged by the prices - but it was a date, so had to put a smile on my wallet and my face. We dove into a nice ceviche (their ceviche mixto) which was really refreshing and balanced, then graduated to two hot plates, a yummy seco de costillas (braised beef short ribs) and a lomito saltado (stir-fried strips of beef.) We were actually very happy with the food and was clearly full despite the small (given the elevated price) sizes of the hot plates. We were truly impressed by the very attentive and friendly service - we will likely come back to try their signature 'chicken' - oh wait, my wallet is still empty - nevermind then
A good solid meal at a good value.
The food has always been great. I took my friends that came from out of town. I let them know how great the food was. We waited at the front door for 15min. The waiter was so rude. We still like the food. We will not take friends and family anymore. Get it to go. We left that day.
Love this place!! The chicken is so tender and juicy it's finger licking good! You have to order the yuca fries as well the mixed ceviche. It's just so wonderful! Drink down with there delicious Sangria! Buen Provecho!
My boyfriend chose Limon Rotisserie for dinner because he saw their chicken on one of 7x7's lists and it definitely lived up to expectations...amazing! The veggie empenadas and dessert were really good to. The sweet potato fries were a little bland, they could definitely use seasoning. Get the sangria, it doesn't disappoint! I would request to sit downstairs or at least away from the door - upstairs is very loud.
While the location is off the beaten path (so to speak) it makes parking easier than the other Limon location. The restaurant decor is above average for this price point but the seating (both chairs and banquets) are uncomfortable. I had to sit side saddle because the booth seating was uneven. Awkward. The service is prompt though it took a while for our first pitcher of Sangria to show up. The food is great despite having items show up multiple times. The best part was the price - 4 people left full and drunk for $40 a pop. Not bad.
I had dinner here two nights ago and I am STILL daydreaming about it.  Sangria = good, freshRotisserie chicken = crispy and delicious, comes with two sides and under $10? Good ass dealYucca fries = perfection (the 3 dipping sauces they served alongside the fries were off the heeeezy)Lomo Saltado = absolute heaven on my tongue. The only thing that disappointed me was how small the portion of lomo saltado was for its price- well, I guess that's why they call it small plate - but I wanted mooooore. A quarter star off of that. The atmosphere was modern, yet warm and comfortable and the wait staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. Couldn't have asked for more (except for more lomo saltado). I will definitely be back!
With so many blooming raves and reviews, I suppose I'll just attempt to take a stab at relaying my responses to others.Just to cement the consensus, the food, hands down, is delicious (rico!). It is so good that its delectability surpasses the category of "Peruvian" or even "Latin American". We ordered a whole chicken (serves roughly four), lomitos saltados, ceviche con pescado y camaron, yucca fries, and vegetales, all of which was truly mouth-watering, and made it difficult to comply with classic fork-and-knife propriety (some of us thankfully accepted defeat, and ravenously digressed to cromagnum status).I believe both the restaurant and the customers its serves benefit from a menu on the small-ish side. This might allow for a sort of specialization, and the food is consistently delicious. It also boxes you into trying some dishes that you might have initially been reluctant to try. The sangria is pure ambrosia, but VERY dangerous. I made the easy mistake of forgetting that the sangria IS alcoholic, and subsequently suffered (enjoyed?) the consequences of overindulgence. A pitcher of this ambrosia will will provide a comfortable buzz for four. Now for the drawbacks, all of which I caution are purely circumstantial. This restaurant is quite popular, and on a Saturday night we found ourselves waiting around 20 minutes outside in the cold for a table. However, our food was served with amazing rapidity once we ordered ( less than 4 minutes). The new location is small and a little cramped, and by the end I sensed that the wait staff was gently rushing us a bit so our table could be used by other customers who were still pouring in at 10 o'clock and beyond. The yucca fries are a must. The number of times "delicious" or an adjective of "delicious" was used in this review: 10. That is all.
Inca Blu drink is cool. Chicken was very good with Yuca fries and Tacu-Tacu. We also get one cold plate Tartara de Tuna and a hot plate veggi empanadas, both were great...
Reminds me of the earlier Limon on 17th Street. Small plates, super tasty, super cheap (most things under $10), and cute atmosphere. Small seems to be better for Limon...everything was awesome:- ceviche mixto w/ halibut, king shrimp, calamari, tender cooked posole on the cob, and fried crunchy posole kernals- causas melting in your mouth w/ shrimp, spicy creamy sauce, avocado, and other things things I can't remember that were really tasteh- lomo saltado - tender strips of beef w/ saucy thin potatoes and onions with rice- sangria to wash it down- 40 bucksps Can be cold by the windows, dress warm!
I was here on a Saturday night to have a get together dinner with old friends. We were seated downstairs and we had a party of 3. After we were seated not to long later a bus boy or waiter took a chair with our bags and jackets on it away from us for another table. Of course, he asked before taking it. The manager came over to check on us about 1/2 hour later to see if we're doing okay so I joked that one of our chairs was taken for another table. The manager apologized to us and joked along with us. By the time we ordered desserts there were 3 choices to chose from so we picked 2 of out of 3. The manager came to take our order and said why not order all 3 and we said we can't eat them all. He then said yes you guys can. I then said if it's on the house. You wouldn't guess indeed the 3rd one was on the house. Wow... That totally made up for taken the chair away. Big plus to the manager for keeping us happy.On top of that, while we were leaving we had to wait for our ride then this crazy man came and said all these BS to us and said something discriminated so I said something back. Boy I shouldn't because I triggered him with a response. The crazy man once stopped a car in the middle of the street before. Anyway, both of the hosts at Limon was also nice and asked us to wait inside for our ride and said not to worry about him. The services alone deserved the 5 stars from me.
Hmm.. yeeeeah, the chicken is good and all - anything that didn't have wings though? It was just okay. The fact that we were seated right next to an open flame in the kitchen on a 90 degree day without air conditioning didn't help either. Let's go through each dish: Fried yuca - OK. Glorified french fries without the distinct crispness. Mixed ceviche - definitely skipable. Considering this was our only cold dish on a blazing hot afternoon, I would have expected it to be the best. It wasn't. The giant corn thing had such a grainy, revolting texture that it was just the thing to make me push the plate away for good. The lomito saltado I would skip as well. It somewhat resembled an Asian stir fry with soy sauce and everything. Way over-salted. The raisins in the empanadas were also a little strange to me. The stuffing in general was a little too sweet for my taste. The one saving grace was the chicharron de pollo, that was actually quite delicious. I guess I had bought into the hype and had expected something phenomenal. Don't get me wrong - I stilled enjoyed my light lunch at Limon. I'll probably be back for the roast chicken and the yummy mojitos. As far as all of the talk about it being the best roast chicken for the price though? Versailles in LA is way better.
When you come here the feel is Peru all the way. The service is a tad chaotic, the attitude mellow and the price reasonable. The half chicken (for $10 with 2 sides and sauces!) was perfectly cooked nice and moist with a hint of spice. The yuca frita was excellent, the lomito saltado good but not the best I've ever had. I'll be back sometime for some chicken and a cold brew.
I give this a 3We arrived at approximately 730 on a Friday night, so we waited approx 45 minutes for a table for 8 to open.. understandable, because we were a fairly large group in a tiny restaurant.  The restaurant was decorated simply, minimally..dark browns etc.. Suitable for the city. Perhaps I may have given this place a half more star if their location had parking, but city parking on a Friday night is impossible!my sister and I shared our food and ordered:Rotisserie chicken, (yuca fries and potato fries) , Chicken chicharron, beef w/ onions (can't remember name) , ceviche (which we never received)The yuca fries were excellent and all the meats we received were very flavorful, succulent etc.. the amount of food we received were more than adequate for us, and the price could not be beat for a restaurant like this. You have to note though that the menu is Tapa's style *except the chicken.The matre d was very friendly , but I was a bit disappointed with the service. We quickly received our chicken and beef tapas, but had to inquire about our rotisserie and ceviche order.. by the time we got our Rotiserrie, we were no longer hungry for the ceviche, both times when we had to inquire about our food and or cancelled.. the guy seemed irritated.Would I eat there again? yes, but only if we were driving by and noticed that it was slow and parking can be found..
Great place for a group. Ordered whole chicken, beef heart, yuca and sweet potato fries, ceviche, tuna tartar...oh and a couple pitchers of sangria and even on a Saturday night as busy as it was, the food came out quicker than a pho order! So we ended up ordering all three desserts as well! Everything was delicious and that is one place we all agree on returning to!
The food and service here was top notch. If you are coming in a big group, I encourage you to get the prix fix menu for $25-$30 /person.I was here this past Saturday with a group of 20 or so and although the reservation was a little delayed, (MAKE SURE YOUR WHOLE PARTY IS THERE WITHIN 15 MINUTES or else your reservation will be given up) the food was well worth the wait and price.Here is what you should order for a well-rounded meal:SANGRIA!! it's better than Cha Cha Cha's!Tuna TartareCeviche MixtoEnsalada MixtaLomito SaltadoChicharron de PolloPollo a la BrasaI have a hearty appetite and was worried that the portions wouldn't suffice for such a large crowd, but the waiters offered to replenish whatever dishes we wanted!AWESOME FOOD and SERVICE and AMBIANCE.
Came here last week with a group of friends. We arrived at 20:00 and had to wait 45min for seating. They don't take reservations. The restaurant is small about a dozen little tables and a medium sized bar. They should really just take out the bar since they only carry beer and wine. Then they can expand with more tables. When seated we ordered a pitcher of sangria. Three words "Ive had better." The fruit in the sangria are cut up in a fine dice and its hard to drink with cubes of orange rind coming at you. Also if you chew on one of them it will just ruin your taste buds making everything bitter. We all ordered a plethora of dishes. I will say that the most enjoyable / memorable ones was the ceviche mixto, fried yucca, and beet salad. Not your traditional ceviche, this one had huge chunks of seafood and marinaded perfectly with yummy citrus. The fried yucca where not oily at all and very airy. The beet salad was sweet and creamy with lots of veggies, I did not enjoy that it had hommony which was aldente. Not a good texture at all. It should of been cooked all the way through.Might try it again, but who knows.
The food here is delicious. Ceviche Mixto - big fat chunks of juicy seafood, decent. I like it better than the ceviche at other places b/c the pieces are big. Flavor-wise it lacked some lime juice.Lomito saltado - stir fried top sirloin, onions and tomato. Definitely recommend, the sirloin was tender and flavorful.Yucca Fries - probably the best I've had. Melt in your mouth deliciousness.Chicharron de Pollo - I'm surprised this is a restaurant favorite. It was good, but nothing special.Finally the rotisserie chicken is definitely worth the hype. I usually never order chicken at restaurants, but I can probably eat a whole one of these by myself, in one sitting.Lacks one star, b/c ambiance is loud. They also wouldn't seat our party until everyone got there, and we ended up waiting an hour after we missed our reservations on a Monday night.
Awesome food makes me wish I was in Peru.. Great eye candy ( bartender)
Yummy! We loved the soup and the yuca fries - they taste like they have tempura batter! - and the chicken - both the rotisserie and the chicharones de pollo. The sangria was heavenly, and the staff was super nice. My only complaint was that it was a bit chaotic and disorganized when we walked in, and they seemed short-staffed. There was no host or hostess, and we couldn't figure out how to get on the reservation list or request take-out. Plus, when we finally asked a waiter if we could put in a take-out order, we were mistakenly told we couldn't order take out when they just meant that they needed us to wait 5 minutes before they could take our order. In the end, we just decided to dine in and have no regrets. The food was totally worth the wait and the chaos.I'd give 'em 4.5 stars if I could, but since I can't, I'll just round up to 5.
Limon is an aphrodisiac. Take your significant other there and you'll be moaning and groaning over the lemon pepper cerviche, exotically spiced chicken and intoxicating sangrias. The satisfying savory flavors of Limon are like good lovin'-it hits the spot and after you want to go straight to sleep. Other points of interest: Con: The place is small and no one wants to get up from their friggin' seats so there is the wait from hades. Don't come hungry, stick it out and you will be rewarded! Pro: The perfect date place as it offers gourmet presentation and ambiance for about $8-10 bucks/item. Pro: You can tell the staff is overwhelmed but they were very friendly and gave timely service.
Love the food here! The chicken is perfect, the ceviche is fresh, and the lomo saltado is the best in the Mission area! Soooo gooood. Their sangria is nice as well.
Simply delicioso y muy comprable!Limon Rotisserie provides great atmosphere, an open kitchen, friendly service, and most of all delicious food at an affordable price. The boyfriend and I dined for $30 total!The rotisserie chicken is a must try, half is the perfect amount for 2 people. It comes with two sides.  Might I suggest the yuca fries... mi amor... yum! The halibut and shrimp ceviche were very fresh and full of flavor. The assortment of fried seafood and yuca comes with a tasty sauce.I am looking forward to my next visit! Vale pronto!
De-Li-Cious! The chicken was so tender and juicy it literally fell off the bone. All the sides seemed to go well together no matter how I combined them. I also tried Ceviche for the first time, and I was blown away! Then I topped it all off with a few glasses of red sangria and the experience was complete. Put this in your bookmarks!
Been here many times and I love everything I've ever tried in their menu. My faves: ceviche & Seco de Costillas (braised beef). But I've tried almost everything in their menu and they're all yummy. Make sure you get a reservation because it gets busy esp for dinner. Great service and nice ambiance. Parking is OK. Def worth trying.
EH....this is the best I can describe our experience here. I was a huge fan of Limon on 16th and heart broken when they closed. Needless to say the Rotisserie pales in comparison to the old location. Very small seating area, no reservations, and will not seat you until your entire party is there, which is fine but there is really no place to stand to wait. The bar is tiny fitting 6-8 patrons but the sangria was AMAZING! Our waiter was impossible to get a hold of most of the time and when we asked simple questions about the menu he seemed annoyed, which was really ANNOYING! As for the food I would only order the chicken every thing else is too pricey for what you get...but the chicken is quite the deal.
absoluetly love the food the chicken is out of this world juciy and mosit, and the sauces that come with it are on point...but if I were you most def do not sit at the bar upstairs you will get no service at all granted the bar tender is doing his thing. My suggesting try to sit downstairs really cool vibe and alot more spacious
This place makes great rotisserie chicken, a must try. The place smells great when you first walk in. Other foods they have are like tapas style. I do enjoy this place and will go back again.
I'm really picky when it comes to Peruvian food, and even though this place was really good I thought the portions were so small. Something I'm not used to when it comes to Peruvian food. We ordered the Lomo Saltado and Pollo ala brasa. When the Lomo came out I couldn't believe how fancy it looked. I'm more used to down home Peruvian cooking, and this plate looked so... fancy. Even though the meat was delicious and juicy, we finished it in 5 bites. kind of a let down.Then came out the chicken with the fried yucca. Chicken was tasty and had great flavoring, but just wasn't authentic enough. Even tho it was a great place to eat, just didn't hit my high standards of what Peruvian food is to me.
I've been motivated by appalling service to write my first of many Yelp reviews. Here's my summation of Limon Rotisserie: it's a restaurant with a cool, almost clubbish atmosphere (at least the downstairs is) and with good food BUT RUDE SERVICE.Obviously, given my beef with their service, let's start there. My party was seated downstairs at a really long but comfortable table. I move from one end of the table to the other end to chat with people. In the process, I go over to an empty table to get an extra place setting for myself. I immediately get CHASTISED by the waiter who warns me not to take place settings from the other tables. It is a very uncomfortable conversation in front of my friends that he tells me that the place settings are reserved for the other table and that I should ASK them to get me place settings if I need. If this isn't bad enough, the waiter comes back again to reiterate WHY it's important for me to not take other place settings and that his staff gets in trouble if place settings aren't completed at empty tables. In addition, the rest of the meal service was no better as food was just tossed on the table and there was no attention paid to refilling water or checking on our needs. Luckily for them, their food was much better than the service. We ordered rotisserie chicken, empanadas, ceviche, skirt steak, and a few other tapas. The star was the chicken as the skin was perfectly roasted, crisp skinned, hot on the inside, and seasoned just right. There were also some wonderful sauces on the side that accentuated the herbs used to marinate the chicken. The chicken empanadas were solid, with nicely flavored fillings and a nice crispy fried exterior. The ceviche was also solid (they had tuna and calamari). Refreshing with a nice balance of oil and pickled flavor. The rest of the food was decent but not memorable. The sangrias were also along the same lines: solid but not spectucular. (For really good sangrias, try Cafe Mystique in the Castro...they use cinnamon sticks to give their sangrias additional body that I haven't experienced elsewhere.) Finally, the ambiance. My party sat downstairs where it felt like a mix between a club and a diner. It was quite comfortable and PERFECT for a large party. It's easy to move around and chat with different people. The seats/booths are quite comfy and loungy. Great vibe that was marred by poor service.Overall, Limon Rotisserie is a decent place to try although it won't blow you away. Just be prepared for horrible service.
This is why I fell in love with the original Limon in the first place. My only wish was that they also had the mac & cheese from the original Limon on the menu. Anyway, I went with some friends last Thursday, and the wait was not very long (probably 15 minutes or less). We ordered a whole chicken between three people, and also got a bunch of sides. Then, we each ordered a dessert, and were trying to guess the total bill. We were happily surprised when the total bill came to $25 each. Is that possible? We felt like we went totally crazy ordering, and couldn't believe it. The food is delicious, and would normally get 3 stars with the main drawback being that it has a limited menu, but I am giving this place an extra star for the price.
The short: Delicious succulent chicken at an affordable price.The long:I went here with friends after seeing the reviews on Yelp. The rotisserie chicken is deliciously seasoned and cooked to perfection -- it's moist and succulent all the way through. And one large chicken goes a long way -- we shared it and a number of small plates between six people.For their other dishes, I highly recommend the Anticuchos de Res (heart), the Chicharron de Pollo and the Tacu-Tacu (a hearty side made from rice/beans).The only negative of the evening was the wait--however given that we were a group of six without a reservation on a Saturday night it was understandable. At least we had a few drinks and some appetizers in the bar area while waiting for a table.Overall: highly recommended -- I'm sure I'll go back again.
After a whole day of taking me shopping in the city, honey tells me "J.., no matter what, we're leaving at 5:45 pm. So, if you didn't buy it yet, leave it." "Ok!" I stopped shopping at 5:45 pm, and he drove us to dinner. Another surprise for me waits: FOOD! He made reservations at Limon Rotisserie. We were able to score parking across the street right in front of the restaurant. Good thing, honey made reservations. It was a packed house and people were waiting. The upstairs had the seating area, and where the kitchen was. Downstairs had more dining area and a lounge for bigger parties. I heard that a dee-jay comes later in the night. We had half of the rotisserie chicken, sweet potato fries with dipping sauces (I love dipping sauces), grilled veggies, Lomita saltado (steak and potatoes (like soggy French fries), and camaron and shrimp ceviche. We loved all the dishes other than the Lomita saltado (didn't prefer the soggy fries). We also had a cerveza and sangria. Won't hesitate to come back here again! Yummy!
1 pitcher of sangia + mixto ceviche + 1/2 roast chicken + sweet potato fries + good conversation/good atmosphere = $24/person for a delicious meal and one hell of a good Wednesday night.
Delicious food. Love the Peruvian twist. rotisserie chicken is pretty awesome.
Good food but long wait to get seated even with reservations.
This place was simply amazing. Great service, great food, great atmosphere!
Went for my friends birthday. Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere. Amazing! I would recommend to small groups to get the 30$ meal that includes cold dishes salad and hot dishes!!
Mmmmm....We started with the halibut and shrimp ceviche - it had a nice kick to it...plus the choclo was oh-so-good. Then came the grilled hanger steak (carne a la parilla). This came as a rec from the waitress - cooked just the way I like it (medium rare). The combo of the beef with the sauce and tacu was right up my alley.Then came the 1/2 chicken. I don't really understand the complaints from others. I mean this was a good rotisserie chicken and I know that I loads of white meat to savor (my favorite) even though I was splitting it with somebody else. I really liked the yuca frita with the dipping sauces, too. And the tacu-tacu was the other side dish - sure is a nice variation on rice and beans! Then dessert time. We picked the berry tart and, sadly, we probably inhaled it in less than 2 minutes. It was pretty sad when our plate was wiped clean and we still wanted more. All of that, plus a glass of wine and a glass of sangria and a generous tip (for the oh-so-sweet waitress and other staff who never let our water glasses get below 1/2 full and who replaced our dishes and silverware in between courses) for just under $60. I already can't wait to make future plans to come here. Oh. We went on a Thursday right after work. Pretty early. But we left around 7pm and there were still some open tables. Maybe that would be a good time to get there to avoid the wait that so many people talk about???
Enjoyed a great dinner here, the restaurant space is cute and the downstairs area is spacious. As a pescatarian I especially enjoyed the ceviche, veggies salteaodos, sweet potato fries, chimichurri and the veggie empanadas (which were Amazing!) Also, the sangria was excellent!
This was an excellent meal. We went all out and order several dishes, two desserts and a bottle of Argentinean Malbec.Whole Rotisserie Chicken, served with two sides and two delicious sauces. You really have to taste this chicken to appreciate how perfectly tender and seasoned it is. Our sides were the yuca fritas and grilled vegetables. The yuca fritas were awesome. You can go very wrong with too much batter or grease when it comes to fried food, but the balance was just right here. We also ordered the El Pescado Ceviche (large pieces of fresh halibut), and the Lomo saltado, which is a beef dish with papa fritas and vegetables. Again the meat was prepared perfectly and the seasoning was dead on. Everything was incredibly flavorful and the wine was excellent. For dessert we had a berry tart and a sort of creme brulee meets flan with macaroon dessert. The only thing I would not recommend is the macaroon dessert, because the macaroons were delicious but the rest was a bit flat and the texture of the creamy part of the dessert was too dense and did not mix well with the thick layer of raw sugar it was topped with. But the berry tart was very good.All and all a great meal that everyone enjoyed. Plus excellent service and very inexpensive. $34 each with tax and tip with food leftover.Bookmark this one Yelpers.
Awesome. We had seco de costillas, carne a la parrilla, and some sweet potato fries. Going to find some hobbies in the mission just so I have an excuse to eat here at least once a week. Pretty low key atmosphere too...
Before going to Limon Rotisserie my friend and I were joking about eating a whole chicken, good thing we didn't, it would have been way too big!Don't expect fancy decor, the restaurant is very simple, nothing fancy.The halibut ceviche was delicious, great flavors of lime & cilantro. That was definitely my favorite dish, I could have slurped up every last bite.The lomito saltado was pretty salty (you could taste the soy sauce & that's pretty much it) although I think that is how the traditional Peruvian dish is supposed to be made. Maybe I am wrong?The chicken was good, but not great. I would not go there just for rotisserie chicken and probably would not order the chicken again. Hasn't someone discovered a way to make boneless rotisserie chicken? Come on people!The yucca fries were delicious & so were the sweet potato fries. I loved the two sauces that were served to dip them in, I could have probably eaten the sauces plain. Yes, maybe I'm a little weird.Overall good food, good service & good prices!
Great chicken !!!!!!!!!Come here for that and add some appetizers. The place is packed, but with my large group we went down, to the lounge, and had a great time.Don't expect light speed service, because they are busy. But they are friendly.
I have been dying to try Peruvian food and really enjoyed my experience here. My 5 star rating is mainly for the food.Decor- simple and plainSeating- comfortable, open space, tables and boothsNoise- not too loud, although it wasn't very crowded- full, but not crowdedService- friendly but not attentive, didn't check on us after serving our meal and never refilled our watersSangria- $5 a glass and tasty, on the sweet sideDinner- everything was delicious and served family style (small plates to share)- we ordered the roasted chicken (1/2 order for 3 ppl- was plenty), Yuca Frita and Vegetables (choice of 2 sides comes with chicken), Ceviche de Pescado, and Carne a la ParrillaDesert- Bandido (similar to chocolate souffl) For 3 ppl our check with tip and drinks was $60- very reasonably priced.I would go back here again just for the food- it truly is amazing.
Disclaimer: I've never been to the location on Valencia.Rediculously delicious and low-priced. A friend and I had a half-chicken (which you absolutely must get), two sides, a cold tapas plate, and two glasses of sangria, all for just under thirty dollars. Incredible!The staff was kind, but unobtrusive. I only wish they had a wine listing.
Great place. The rotisserie chicken is to die for. Juiciest chicken I've probably ever had, and it's HUGE.The appetizers we ordered were all delicious (the veggies and the yuca fritas). Sangria was delicious too, fruity but definitely with a punch, just my style.The service was great too. And it's always fun striking up convos with the strangers next to you. It's just that kind of atmosphere.
The wait was unbearable! I know you are going to say, of course you have to wait for a place like this. But that's not where I'm coming from. The wait was bad because the host did not give us a good estimate of when we could get a table. She told us _20_ minutes, and we waited a freaking hour and 20 minutes. The waiter wasn't too friendly either. But the food arrived quickly since it's rotisserie style, and it was delicious, which what brings this score up.
Love it!
I had another great dinner at Limon this week. I came on on a quiet Monday night and was quickly seated.  I just loved the Ceviche Mixto and Chicharron de Pollo. The Anticuchos de Res was out of this world....gotta order that again.
We pretty much ran the gamut of the menu when we ate here, and most of the dishes were good, though not that memorable. The yucca fries were decent, the fried calamari tasted like fried calamari, and the short ribs weren't anything too special.There were, however, three dishes that are absolutely worth mentioning:Grilled beef heart - So good. I love this appetizer. Not rubbery at all, like I had expected it to be.Roasted chicken - Do yourself a favor and try to get the dark meat (thigh and drumstick); it just melts in your mouth. The breast meat is good too; definitely better prepared than generic restaurant breast meat, but still a *tiny* bit too dry for my liking. The meat is filled with the flavors of all sorts of spices, which is very unique. It was a little too salty though. This was the dish that made me sit up and go, "wow".Chocolate cake - Baked on the outside, melted chocolate on the inside, and topped with banana (?) ice cream. God, this was good. I'm not normally a fan of rich chocolate cakes, but this one absolutely won me over.The best part? $20-ish bucks out the door, and that's including taxes, tips, and generous helpings of sangria. What a deal!
4 Stars for the food...delish small plates that pop. Favorites included the camarones - smoky & super flavorful with a great spicy cilantro sauce - and the tuna tartare. Yucca frites were also the bomb.  Sangria was a little sweet but I like it that way so I was happy.2 stars at most, though, for the weird claustrophobic downstairs dining room. Felt like we'd been exiled to the basement to play video games while the adults had a real dinner party upstairs. We will definitely be back, but next time we'll either wait the extra 10 minutes to sit in the main room, or bring our stash so we can get loaded downstairs while the parents aren't paying attention.
I get lazy. And unappreciative.I live in one of our city's Foodie Central neighborhoods. Still sometimes I whine when I have to walk more than 2 blocks to eat some of the finest cuisine in the Bay Area.I just got lazier.Remember Limon on Valencia? They're closed for renovation, but they just opened a sister restaurant on South Van Ness, LESS than 2 blocks from my home. This is both frightening and thrilling.So the spouse and I sauntered over last Sunday night, just looking for casual tapas. It was casual, indeed. The decor is simple (maybe still in progress), but completely comfortable, without pretension - my style!We indulged and got way too much food. The Carne a la Parrilla (hanger steak) was a highlight, as was the Ceviche Mixto - halibut, octopus, calamari and shrimp, with lime garlic and large chunks of a corn I'd never heard of - choclo-on-the-cob.Oh yea, and you have to try the Ensalada de Atun - that 's the pan-seared tuna. This food is a savoring experience.Now combine good food, comfy vibe, "you're the only customers in the world" service with a friendly, diverse crowd, even with some families ... and you have the ultimate in a wonderful San Francisco and Mission dining experience.Limon Rotisserie, your rotisserie chicken awaits me on my next visit, as does dessert!
Everything I ate here was excellent. Ceviche was fresh, citrussy and just spicy enough. The beef hearts were were excellent - especially when paired with the side of yucca. Fair prices. Can't do much better int he city for a casual restaurant w/ great food.
The good: my glass of Sangria was delicious and the fried yucca was really good.The better: sweet potato fries and great sauces for our perfectly spiced and roasted chicken.The best: impeccable service (Sunday afternoon), and the fact a whole chicken ($17) can feed more than 2 people is a definite plus. I will absolutely go back!
Love this place! I dream of going there, and looks for reasons to frequent it--- and often! The chicken is the best rotisserie I have ever tasted and the cerviche is to die for. The small plates compliment everything. Not to much to say except I wish they did have a cocktail list because I look for that in restaurants...(but the Sangrias suit me greatly too!)
I love love love this place. They have the BEST sangria, giving me a lovely buzz after two glasses. Things to get:-Roasted peruvian chicken which comes with two sides (you have to try the yucca fries, and the vegetales are also yum). The roasted chicken is by far the most value for your buck. I love dipping the chicken in the yellow sauce which comes with it. -Lomito Saltado: this is hands down my favorite dish at this place. traditional peruvian dish with strips of sirloin, tomatoes, onions, and fries to soak up all the juices. -Tuna tartar: The portion is small but I always come back to this dish. Great spices. -Ceviche: Very fresh and yummy. Must try at least once. -Braised short ribs: I found this dish to be portioned small as well, but it is served tapas style, so that's forgivable. One of my friends really liked this one over the Lomito. I have yet to try the hanger steak or the soup, but those are definitely on my list for next time!I love that you can get a balanced meal with drinks for $20-30 depending on your appetite. Great place to bring a date or just hang out. Very lively atmosphere. I try to go once a week whenever I can before I leave the Bay Area =(. No reservations (so be prepared for some wait), tiny space, great service. I can't recommend this place enough.
I would've given it a good five stars had the chicken and short rib not been so salty...and mind you, I'm all about the salt! Overall, the seasoning was outstanding but they need to lay off the salt a bit. Two of the three sauces that come with the chicken were perfect for cutting down the saltiness. The sauces were good on just about everything, including the yuca fries. Vegans can eat here, too...get all the sides and order several portions (they're small). Beware of the ensalada...which I do not believe was vegan despite the waiter's insistence (cream based dressing). The dishes came out quickly even though they were very busy. My god, that chicken! did I mention the chicken? It was perfectly cooked...and very juicy. It was all very memorable and I can't wait to go back. Sadly, they can't do the ceviche vegan here (like their other location) and they can't use a lime & seasonings substitution for the house leche de tigre. I can't have shellfish so ceviche was out of the question...even if I ordered one without actual shellfish.I'm docking a point for this reason as well; there's absolutely no good justification for not being able to serve up some fresh ceviche with lime and the basics...meaning, without using the house "leche de tigre".Bahummbugg on this end...
This place is so good. A nice little spot a couple blocks right from mission so you can take a date here and still go for drinks after. As for the food, I would definitely order the rotisserie since that's part of the restaurants name. Another thing I recommend is the chicken chicharron. Grab a pitcher of sangria and make Mondays the new Friday.
I'll be dreaming about the chicken for a while. I got a 1/2, with yuca fries an a salad. Honestly, the yuca fries were the highlight but the chicken was a very close second. The salad was just a salad...nothing special at all I kind of wished I had ordered a different side. AND SO CHEAP!
This place takes reservation but does not honor them. We had a made a reservation at 9pm, arrived at 9:10 and were still waiting at 9:45pm, so we walked away. Their "explanation" was that all the other guests that were seated had paid, but all decided to stay an extra 30mins, which is something out of their control. Excuse me..? They've been open long enough that they know how long people stay at their tables and they should take reservations accordingly. 15 minutes of wait would have been ok but 35mins just made us feel like they are trying to squeeze in as many reservations as possible do not at all value their customers. That choice is totally within their control
My second meal with an hour+ wait in a week. Dinner at Limon R on last friday for 6 folks to celebrate. Once we sat down they took our order and the food came lightning fast. Less than 10 minutes. We were starving and it all tasted good. The fish ceviche, the rotisserie chicken, the yucca fries were all especially good. The prices were gentle and we got out of there for a very reasonable price.I'd say go with a party of 2, 4 max. I was amazed that a group of 12 or so were seated; it ended up costing them empty tables for a while and delaying the meal for many folks waiting. I will go back though. Good food, a nice ambiance and reasonable prices with waiter service is a rare combination in this part of town.
I went back again just a couple of weeks later my first visit and it was just as delicious as I remembered but I have two things to add to my original review:1. The tables were all full but the hostess said she could seat us immediately (7-ish on a Saturday night) and I thought for sure we were gonna end up at a shitty table near the bathroom or something but NO! There's a staircase! We followed her down and there's a whole other room down there! Except it's not at all like the upstairs -- it's very loungey with different music, a sexy-looking bar (that wasn't currently being used as a bar) and a DJ booth (that was un-manned). There were a couple large groups on the couches down there and several smaller parties at regular tables and a WHOLE different atmosphere. When we walked back upstairs after dinner it was like we had been teleported back into a regular restaurant and I felt sorry for all the upstairs people because I felt like I'd been to the VIP area or something.2. I'm too lazy to look up the actual name of this dish, but we tried the hangar steak and HOLY HELL it was delicious. THAT, my friends, is what I call a flavor explosion.Another great Limon experience!
Took an out-of-town guest here for dinner and was delighted with the ambience, service and menu. Having no reservation, we went early and were seated promptly upstairs at the Valencia st. location. Waiter was patient and helpful in explaining the menu. We tried several small plates: their chicken soup, a mixed seafood ceviche, braised short ribs, and their truffle mac & cheese; all delicious!  The ceviche had a not-too-tangy citrus marinade and super fresh, shrimp and red snapper pieces,  The chicken soup was redolent of cilantro and spices/vegetables new to our taste buds; perfect comfort food for a cold rainy day, with tender chicken pieces.The mac and cheese is rich & creamy with a perfect balance of truffle to enliven it.Adjoining tables enjoyed the rotisserie chicken and sides which I'll soon be back to try myself.Our bill for those dishes, and drinks came to about $50 with tip. Great value. One caveat: it gets noisy as hell in there after 7pm, so don't go for an intimate meal with conversation.
AMAZING! DELICOUS!!!!!! I went to Limon for the first time 2 days ago. I liked it so much I returned the following day with a different guest. The first time I went was to the S. Van Ness location. Then I found out there was one in Bayview with FREE parking so I tried that location the following day. I prefer the Bayview location and will only go to that location from now on for the following reasons: Free parking which is only seconds away from the restaurant door, conviniently off the freeway, it's a new a new part of bayview in a new building with up and coming condos and restaurants (safe), high ceilings so your clothes doesn't smell like spices when you leave, big bathroom with multiple stalls, spacious. The S. Van Ness location, parking is hell! It can take up to 30 minutes to find parking (options streets Capp/Shotwell, sketchy especially at night), low ceilings and the restaurant smells like cumin spices and so will your clothes and hair! ONE UNISEX bathroom - ONE!! I'm very happy to have discovered the new location! The food gets 5 stars!!! It's amazing!!! In the 2 days I tried the following: *Sangria! perfection!!*Rotiserrie chicken: The 2 sides chosen were the fried yucca and tacu tacu which is a combination of rice and beans and taste devine!! *Fish and shrimp ceviche: Great spicey kick to it*Lomo saltado *Beef empanadas*Chicken chicharon (it's fried chicken tenders w/ a nice taste it's not fried skin chicharon)*fried seafood and yucca: it tasted good but one can get that anywhere, I wont be ordering this again. *Truffle mac/cheese: it was okay. Too light on the truffle. I've had better so won't be ordering it again. It is a very loud restaurant but a lot of fun w/ delicious food!!
This is a great place to have a birthday celebration. We did the $25 per person prix fix menu. You need to have a minimum of 10 people though. It's shared family style and it included tuna tartare, ceviche, mixed salad, lomito, chicharron de pollo (my favorite!) and roasted chicken. There were also 3 different types of dipping sauces. The price didn't include drinks, taxes, or gratuity. So in the end it was more like $40 a person. The sangria was delicious and so was the food. Portions were small for me, but luckily I filled up on drinks!
I'd heard about Limon Rotisserie from a former roommate who frequented this place with her Peruvian boyfriend and said that I had to try this place out when I got the chance. I moved into SF city just a couple months ago, and that chance finally arrived after the craze of moving and setting in, paired with a week off work for the holidays!Now, the actual review :)We tried to call in to make a reservation on Tuesday night for two, but the phone was busy during our 4 tries from 5:30-7pm. We decided to stop by and try our luck with standard drop-in, and luckily there was plenty of street parking and a seat open for two right next to the window! Good timing or perhaps because of the rain?... I'll find out next time when I take my sister.The environment is quite warm with the restaurant decoration and the rotiserrie and kitchen visible in the back of the restaurant. Cozy atmosphere and friendly greeters. Lookin' good at first glance!The food menu (limonrotisserie.com/1/fo) fits on one side, but there is still plenty of variety to satisfy most all foodies and occasional frequenters alike. It was both our first times, and although we're both considered petite gals, we wanted to taste as many things as possible before the end of the night. Leftovers would be a-okay!Having skimmed a couple dozen reviews for this place on Yelp!, we made sure to try:Drinks:Cuzquena - my beer, light but flavorful, i'll put this up with my preference for Belgium beers... will be back for youCristal - friend got this - she liked it, and it tasted good, just a bit hop-pier than the CuzquenaChicha Morada - waiter was nice enough to let us sample this - will definitely get this next time I'm in and want a tasty non-alcoholic :)Food:Lomito Saltado - hands down both our favorite dish; juicy tender sirloin steak, complemented by onions and fry bedding with their tomato soy sauce dressing... yum! Definitely will order this every time I'm back!Rotisserie Chicken (half) - this was good; cooked right and with plenty of flavoring. may be a bit salty for those who normally eat light foods, but worth trying nonetheless!Carne a la Parilla - the hangar steak dish was quite good.. if I remember it correctly, it almost seemed like it was braised?? nice to see how the steaks are prepared differently here.+ tacu-tacu and yucca fries as our side choices, plus an extra side of Yucca fries :) - thanks fellow yelpers, the yucca fries were definitely tasty, and we ate ALL of them while we were there!++ We had already ordered past our limit for 2 girls, but I asked our server if we could try a few of the sweet potato fries. He was nice enough to oblige, and we actually received an entire order on the house! These were shoe-string cut style - they were tasty, similar to the belgium style of sweet-potato fries. Just wanted to highlight a big thanks to our mystery server... will figure out his name next time I go! :)We ended the night after sitting there chatting and eating the food over the course of 2+ hours, with an order of the profiteroles for dessert. These were good, a few notches up from your typical cream puffs. They boxed up our leftovers for us, and I let my friend bring it back to share with her mom later. Still wishing I had kept a little for myself to eat!!If only I had the appetite of a 6'2" athete... but alas! Next time I'll be back to try their: Ceviches, Empanadas, and the chocolate dessert. And of course, there will be Lomito Saltado and yucca fries to boot!Extra tips for top-notch service, without anyone rushing us through, and the lady at the door even helped us to locate our umbrella amongst the dozens of navy blue/black umbrellas stored at the entrance. I'll be smarter next time, and bring a bright umbrella like my friend dead for a quick grab n' go.THANK YOU Limon Rotiserrie for making my Tuesday night over holiday break an amazing one!! I hope I justly showed some of my appreciation for you with this review. As Arnold puts it..."I'll be back!" This place has made it into my personal list of places to take friends and family who are visiting from out of town - it's that good!!Saved. Thanks again!!
I ate at Limon Rotisserie for lunch last week and was really impressed by the service as well as the rotisserie chicken. It was flavorful, and cooked to perfection and served with some sauces that complimented it really well. We also ordered the fried chicken and the "Lomito Saltado". We really didn't like the Lomito Saltado. I've had lomo saltado at a number of different Peruvian restaurants and I have to say I liked the one at Limon Rotisserie the least. Other than the lomito saltado this place was great. I'll definitely be coming back soon!
Meh... I thought the food was just average and I didn't love the atmosphere on the lower floor. Cocktails were a disappointment.
For a party of two on a Sunday evening, Limon Rotisserie (not to be confused with its sister restaurant, Limon, which will re-open June 2009 after having burned in a fire) was the perfect stop for a light tapas meal. We entered and even though the hostess wasn't the friendliest, we were seated immediately and our server made up for it. She was sweet and prompt, but she could have made some recommendations, this having been our first time eating strictly Peruvian food.We ordered two glasses of sangria ($5 for a glass, $25 for a pitcher) which was delicious even though I'm not a fan of sweet beverages. It was also a tad too tart for my tastes, but it went well with the rest of the meal, which included the "Ceviche Mixto" ($9.25). This ceviche consisted of halibut, calamari, two tiger shrimp, and it was all marinated in lime juice, rocoto (a type of spicy pepper), garlic, and served with choclo-on-the cob - Peruvian corn which looks like yellow corn but really oversized and with a mushier texture. It also had camote (sweet potato), and cancha (little crunchy kernals similar to popcorn, but bigger and with lots of flavor as they were toasted). Sooo delicious was this ceviche! Packed with lots of unique ingredients and intense flavor, I enjoyed the ceviche immensely.We decided to order a hot small plate for some variety, and ended up on choosing the "Lomito Saltado" ($9.25), or top sirloin strips, onions and tomato stir fried in soy sauce, with fries mixed in there. The fries do not come on the side as I had thought, and are more like regular potatoes in texture as they were doused in the sauce. The dish was good, but not my favorite. We also had a tasty little side salad in an attempt to be healthy. The total tab plus tax and tip came out to just under $40 for all the above mentioned food, which is a pretty good deal. Just keep in mind that this is a tapas place, so don't come looking for hearty fare.I would definitely recommend Limon, but my tip would be to come on a less busy night if you don't want to wait as previous reviews have advised. I cannot wait to try the rotisserie chicken!!
opening party review:sangria: still goodceviche: still goodsusy: happy
Definitely really good food. Pretty decent pricing. I've been here several times and tried almost every item on the menu. I've got to say that I've never had a bad dish here. Everything was good. The chicken is just perfect with the three types of sauces that they give you. Sangria is pretty good too. Only problem is that it is hard to find parking!
Yummy!!! I really enjoyed my dinner here last night. I went with four other people and ordered two pitchers of sangria, mixed seafood ceviche, a whole chicken, lomito saltado, side of yucca fries, sweet potato fries, and vegetables. Oooh weee, were we happy. I had a HUGE lunch at Kokkari earlier in the day so I wasn't hungry at all but once I had a couple of bites of their food, I couldn't stop. Their dipping sauce was sooo tasty as well. One of my friends and I arrived later than everyone else because we went to the original spot without knowing they moved. It took us a while to find parking, surprisingly as the restaurant is sorta out there. The neighborhood isn't the best but I liked the venue. We were seated downstairs in the loungy area. I thought it was a cool, hip set up; it would be a great place to have a group dinner. By the time we arrived, my friends ordered the sweet potato fries and some sangria. I love sweet potato fries but you can't go wrong though I have to say the dipping sauce was what made it. I thought the sangria was really good as well, not too sweet.The ceviche and lomito saltado came out first. I thought the ceviche was delicious and flavorful...very refreshing and not too fishy. I love fishy sushi but fishy ceviche? not so much. With that said, they did a good job! As for the lomito saltado, I wasn't too impressed. I hate soggy bread so I should know I won't like soggy fries. I should have known what I was getting myself into, but I've tried it at other places and I don't remember the fries being soggy.Then the famous chicken came out with the side of yucca fries and veggies. The chicken was SOOO yummy! It was moist but not too oily and each bite was so flavorful. I don't know how they got the meat so flavorful to the bone. The skin was pretty salty but you aren't supposed to eat that much skin anyway, and when you do, I like to eat it with the white meat. I really enjoyed the yucca fries as well...more so than the sweet potato fries. It was crispy but soft in the inside and just slightly sweet. Again, with the dipping sauce, yummo! The veggies were ok. They tasted like veggies you could get at an Asian restaurant though!We were really surprised at how reasonable in price the restaurant is...the bill came out to be $66!!! Definitely a great value and the food was great! I will definitely go back!
I visited the "old" Limon a couple of years ago and stopped by this one after the Carnaval parade - we must have just slipped in during a lull, as the place was pretty hopping and after we were seated a bunch more folks came.  I worried a bit that the cuisine might be a little rich for bf's unsettled tum, but we ordered 1/2 chicken, rice, fries, salad and sangria for me! The sangria was great - very balanced with crisp fruit - yum!  The chicken was clearly the highlight - a little oily, maybe, but very moist and very flavorful. Service was great - there was a bit of a rush and our waiter said a couple times, "I'll be right there" before he was able to come by, but we weren't in a rush and just by acknowledging our existence we knew it wouldn't be long.I look forward to the other Limon re-opening (which I hear is June 2) and we can come back for a nice seafood feast.  I
the staff at limon is absolutely amazing! i went there last week with a bunch of girl friends and we had an amazing time! Even though the restaurant was absolutely packed, they did such a great job accommodating all of the clientele. the food was amazing and the drinks were delicious! We will definitely be back soon!
food was good, chicken was excellent.We were seated downstair and we loved it, it was early so it was intimate and great for conversation.It is not a great neighborhood, but safe enough.
I'm not a big fan of full chickens. I don't care to be picking apart the bones and ligaments and whatnot during my dinner. But, I took a nice meaty, non-hard to deal with bite of the hubs full chicken and I gotta say it was very flavorful and juicy and I kinda wanted more. I got a few of the appetizers, some fries and a few other's that weren't that memorable. I echo other feedback from the yelpers that its salty - everything is - but i don't think overly so. Everything was good, but pretty rich, hearty and more than I should have devoured before going out on a saturday night. I'm sure we'll be back and next time I'll skip all the apps - not the fries, I'll get more of those- and stick to some of the chicken action instead.
Every single thing here is delicious! I come here often with my co workers as it is right next to our office. The atmosphere is always great and the joint is always packed. Make reservations with large parties because it will be full. The staff is friendly and all fluent in Spanish. This is the mission after all.. Thanks Limon!
Solid! Came here twice, solid both times. The Rotisserie chicken is always good, especially with their sauces.. Ceviche also delicious - we got the red snapper this time and it was tasty. I've also tried one of their beef dishes - I can't remember which one exactly except that it was delicious. For the sides, the Yucca fries were a winner. The Vegetales Salteados (essentially mixed veggies) dish was so-so. I did wish they had more veggie side options.
The best ceviche I've had since Astrid & Gaston in Lima, Peru - and surprisingly authentic (again based on what I ate in Peru). The sangria is quite good - and priced right. The rotisserie chicken was top notch as well (an absolute must when you stop by). I'd say more, but if I spend any more time thinking about it - I'm going to skip my flight to San Diego tonight just so I can stop by here for dinner. For a better review - check out this awesome food blog: eatingthroughsf.blogspot
Their roasted chicken is amazing! And go for the Sangria!
This place is awesome to go in a group, they have a prix fixe menu for $25 and you get tons of food. They start you with 2 types of ceviche, then comes the lomo saltado, another fried chicken type dish and the main plate is the rotisserie chicken. If you want to try a few things with some friends this is definitely the way to go. The Sangria is really good too, not too sweet. Good service and ambiance, and great for birthday parties (they have a large downstairs area with a separate bar)
3.5. So I've been to the Limon on Valencia and enjoyed my experience then. But when my sister felt like Tapas for her birthday I suggested Limon partially because I knew the food was good from my last visit, but also with an alterior motive of knocking another one down on the 7x7 100 Eats list.Seating is first come, first serve, so it was a crapshoot on the Friday Night we went. However, my party of 9 really lucked out and got some seating in the downstairs lounge. However, the table was small for our heffer status and we had to squeeze more lounge ottomans around the table. The vibe is really chill downstairs with neon pink lighting and a dim atmosphere.Only 2 waiters/busers were manning the lounge floor, so throughout the night it was difficult getting service and we had to make several reminders about our food or cancelling orders after waiting awhile for it. However, it's the lounge so it was completely expected and we didn't let it ruin our evening. Sangria was good. So good we got 2 pitchers worth. The boys go some Peruvian Brews and then we also ordered some non alcoholic drink that we were sold on because it had corn infusion in it. We got tons of tapas and a whole rotisserie chicken that came. Everything we order was really good. But the dishes that definitely stood out was the Lomo Saltado. Really tender beef and with french fries. A definite win. The chicken was really good, well seasoned and tender... we got Fried Yucca which was a hit, and some beans and rice that were balled up. The desserts were pretty good, but it's nothing spectacular... I can't even remember what they were since it was almost a month ago that we ate there... so it probably wasn't remarkable enough to recall. However, it was a great evening with great company so you can't really beat that.
4 starsI came here because I am working on 7x7's The Big Eat SF. Limon Rotisserie is #37. This place is pretty good. I went here last weekend on Saturday. Got there right at noon at opening time because I thought there might be a wait but there wasn't one since we got there so early. We ordered the whole chicken and it came with 2 sides. We got the yuca frita and some other dish that I don't remember the name of. I think it was the tacu-tacu. We also got 2 glasses of sangria. The chicken was ginormous for 2 people. We pretty much only ate half of it. Also comes with 2 very yummy dipping sauces. the Yuca Frita was good also, but the portion was small. The tacu-tacu is this rice dish. It was 3 rice balls which I thought were decent but could have used more flavor. The sangria was tastey as well. The price was excellent given how much food we had and how full we were. I wouldn't say this place is spectacular but I definitely think it is worth trying. Cheap and yummy, can't go wrong with that.
I really liked the Peruvian food here. It's the closest authentic Peruvian food I can get in San Francisco. The portions are good and the price is reasonable. One of my friends recommended this place a few years back and I've been coming here ever since. Great place for groups, we just celebrated one of our friend's birthdays. I definitely recommend the rotisserie chicken, aji de gallina and the anticucho, but you can't go wrong with any of the dishes in the menu. If you are going with a large group, just order everything from the menu so you can sample them all. The menu is not big. The sauces are great compliments to the food, some spicy and some not. The wait could be long at times, so making reservations is a good idea.
Excellent food and sangria! Definitely a fan and would return again on another trip to SF. I loved the ceviche, fried seafood, sauted veggies, and yucca fries. The chicken and sauces were good, too.
This is the best chicken on the planet. Perfectly seasoned, served with three totally fantastic dipping sauces. There is nothing better. Run, do not walk here and get you some yard bird. Ceviches are uniformly delicious as well. Just the most amazingly acidic leche de tigre you could ever find, coupled with fresh fish, pickled onion, a chunk of roasted yam and some of those giant peruvian mutant corn kernels. I could eat this every day. Extremely healthy and tasty. Pretty rare combo.Sides are all at least good. My favorite is the vegetales salteado. Fried yucca is winner too. Especially when combined with the dipping sauce. Least favorite is the tacu-tacu, but it's still good, just too many other better choices.Overall, this place could double their prices and I would still come back. Just awesome.
One day I will actually come and dine here, but until that day I will continue to enjoy LR's scrumptious food in the comfort of my own home, only blocks away. I actually enjoy calling in the order, showing up a little bit early, and enjoying a glass of their fine sangria at their little bar while people-watching on the sly thanks to their HUGE mirror behind the bar. The sangria is almost like a cold, light, mulled wine, full of spices as well as fruit.The chicharrone de pollo was amazing. It's the best fried chicken you'll ever have. I had a look at the roast chicken going to a nearby table and know what I'll be getting next time...
This is amazing and half the price.I ordered...Ceviche De Pescado Y Camaron halibut and tiger shrimp marinated with lime juice, rocoto, garlic, and served with choclo-on-the-cob, camote and cancha. This is the best Ceviche in San Francisco, in my opinion.The Ahi Tartare which by the way, stole the show, it was exactly the same taste as Limon on Valencia but much smaller :( I could have eaten 3 of those.I got a green bean mix with onions and tomatoes cooked in some sauce. It was too soaked in whatever sauce they used and not particularly impressive. I just wanted some vegetable since I felt like I was eating all seafood. I will have to try another side next time.The Strawberry Lemonade is to die for. And the host recognized me from 7th grade in Orange County. Go figure...
This place is three stars because it very much is "A-OK". The food is good, but not fantastic. The space is cool, but too compacted to truly enjoy your meal or wait to be seated (the placement of the bar right by the kitchen pass equals little standing space). Despite reviews of killer lines Abby and I walked right in on a Tuesday night, and soon after that the place was packed, with several people waiting outside in the cold. We started with two glasses of Sangria (Great) and two of the Ceviche dishes.The Tuna tar-tar was by far the highlight of the night. Flavorful and fresh, leaning to the Asian side on seasoning, this great starter was only $7.95!The Ceviche Mixto was simply good Ceviche, nothing to write home about.Next we had the sauted shrimp (tasted like something from a really good Chinese restaurant), a quarter chicken, and a few sides. The chicken was certainly good, and with the smell of it wafting through the restaurant you'd be hard pressed not to order it. It also came with some Yuca fries (big bland sticks of starch) and some rice (plain white rice dumped on a plate in bowl form, not so exciting).Overall the food is pretty solid, the service is efficient, and the prices are pretty low for a place with the name and reputation of Limon. However, the food does not taste far beyond the low price you pay (tuna and sangria excepted!) and the long wait, compacted seating, and noise might be enough to turn some diners off.I would recommend this restaurant to:Someone already down in the Mission looking to go grab a small bite and some drinks with one or two other people early in the evening.
The rotisserie chicken is a MUST. Hard to avoid ordering it as it is the first thing you see when you walk in. But the reviews are true, it is delicious! It comes with two sides, and I highly recommend the tacu tacu. Best part? CHEAP! I escaped with a $45 bill split between 4. Not too shabby at all, especially for the quality of the food and great service. Nice mojitos too. Very friendly staff, and street parking was a breeze. Favorite part of the meal was the sauteed veggies, which surprised me, but make sure to get a side of them!
you know how there's some places where you can't really elaborate about everything you ate cuz the post would probably be, like, an encyclopedia? yea, that's limon rotisserie. not to mention we tried about 10 dishes (it's mostly tapas). so i'll just say, yea, it was good.however, there are some non-food issues/experiences we had that i'd like to point out:first, while most tapas places don't really handle large groups well (you know, sharing that plate of three slices of tri-tip with the five grown men around you), limon has no problems with this, both in the dishes and seating arrangements. i came here with about a group of 12 or so and we got the corner to ourselves. the seats were kinda awkward though, in the way where they make you want to take a nap rather than sit upright to eat. i guess it's good when you're induced into a food coma after eating a whole chicken.second, we did have some service issues, but to be fair, it was resolved with a happy ending. we never received two of our dishes, but since we were so full already, we cancelled them. however, our server insisted that the dishes were delivered to us and wouldn't take it off the bill. arguing with him took about 20 minutes until the manager stepped in and was extremely apologetic. they took the charges off and compensated us with three complementary desserts. see, happy ending.so i guess this post still ended up being a mini-encyclopedia. but yea, it was good.
Really cool bathrooms. This is usually a tell-all. These are clean, nicely architected, cool sinks, a nice place to get a break from your table. Buuut the menu was a little limited, and the waitstaff was hurried and unhappy. Bummer. I felt like I was making their evening worse by coming out to dinner. That sucks. But the place looks good - upstairs. It's got pretty good ambience and a nice little bar. The downstairs has been woefully neglected with artless walls and no windows, so if you DO make a reservation here, ask to be seated upstairs.
YUM, YUM and YUM!! It seems like everything in this place is YUM!! The chicken screams EAT ME NOW, I'M YUMMY!! I love all the sides and can eat two plates of the ceviche. Man, I am greedy!!
One of the cooks or owners contacted me complaining about my review. When I checked his user name I saw he had given his own place a 5 star rating. Classy...
I can't believe I haven't written a review for Limon Rotisserie yet. I've told just about everyone I know to go there. The food is flavorful, delicious and such a good deal for the quality. I've been there in large groups, smaller groups and it's always great. The service is good and they've been patient with my large groups of friends, even when we've stayed til after they were closed. I recommend the Ceviche Mixta, the chicken ofcourse, yuca fries.
I went with a friend for lunch and it was fantastic.I had a sangria which was delish. We both ordered chicken, and it was extremely flavorful. I had it with taku-taku which was a cake made of beans and rice and fried, it was super tasty. We also tried the russo salad which had chunks of beets, the chicolo, avocado, etc. and it was yum.The waiters were both cute and attentive, even though the place was pretty packed out. The owner warmly thanked us as we were leaving.I will go back to try the ceviches. I don't particularly like fine dining and I felt that the atmosphere was almost fine dining but just a step more casual, which worked well for me.
My husband surprised me here for my birthday dinner. Is something different we normally don't go to but the atmosphere here was similar to Cha Cha Cha. They offered sangria and tapas which were really good. I def. Recommend the chicken and the ceviche
4 stars for the food and 2 stars for the service.Lets start with the good. Food was really good. We ordered the chicken, veggies, fries, ceviche and mac n cheese. Everything was really tasty and the chicken was cooked perfectly. The prices are more than reasonable and for that, I would go here again.The service on the other hand, was kinda sketchy. Our reservations were at 845 and we didn't get seated until 945. I could let that go, it was a Friday night and we had a pretty big group. Next we were told that we could ONLY order off the pre-fixe menu. Their reason-our group was big and it would be confusing to hand out all the food to everyone. He didn't want all the orders getting mixed up. WTH? They also said that if we ordered individually it would take much longer. After talking to the Manager, we were able to order off the regular menu because everyone wanted different things and some items on the pre-fixe didn't appeal to us. Less than 10 minutes later our food arrived. We get the feeling they were trying to talk us into the pre-fixe in order to jack up our bill. I also ordered a dish and changed my mind about it. I told the server 2 seconds after I ordered it I didn't want it and it still showed up. Its not like he left the table, placed the order and came back to me. He stood right there while taking my order and me canceling it. Then several more dishes we DID NOT order started appearing. 4 extra dishes to be exact. We told our waiter we didn't order these. He said, 'well, since its already been cooked, you can just have it...on the house." Of course these items ended up on our bill. I get the feeling they thought because we were a big group, we wouldn't notice if extra items ended up on our bill. Not Cool! They did remove it after we complained. Like I said, I would go there again based on the food. But would not come back with a big group and keep an eye on your bill!
5 ***** extremely hot waiter with the cutest dimples ever 5 ***** sangria that was not too sweet, not too overpowered, just fun 'n fruity5 ***** dipping sauces5 ***** yuca, so crisp, so tender, so moist and not oily5 ***** dessert - clotted cherimoya-flavored cream with passionfruit top layer and coconut macaroons 4 **** ceviche was a bit too sour?4 **** chicken was aight with the saucewanted to try the jalea that the waiter recommended, but he seemed to think it was too much food for us.cash for now as it's "new"
Very tasty rotisserie chicken and delicious yucca fries. I tried Tartara de Tuna Ahi tuna ( small call plate), and it was so good and Seco de Costillas braised beef was good , too.I like a strawberry lemonade drink for lunch and a Red Sangria for dinner. Last time , i was try Chicha Morada and I'm impresses.The reason I give this restaurant 4 stars because of the host, a lady work at night ship ( mostly in a weekend) not friendly and welcome at all. If the food there not good, I would never come back there again.
Not too shabby. The place was packed to the gills! Get ready to wait and pick a day that's not rainy cuz there's no place to stand.All the employees were very friendly. Drinks and foods came in at a timely manner and we ordered seconds AND dessert.The Halibut was my fave. The dessert was ridic-awesome (I got some chocolate goodness).I'd visit again.
I had high hopes since I've read about Limon Rotisserie in a review written by Michael Bauer.The environment was good and the service was on par. The decor was simple yet tasteful. And the price was definitely attractive. It was definitely a busy spot in a relatively remote location. My main issue was my chicken was a bit too salty. My short ribs tasted like it didn't belong on the menu. The meat wasn't well seasoned and wasn't tender; itdidn't fall off the bone as I was expecting.Because of the pricing and the service, I would definitely give this place another chance. Hopefully my experience here was just an individual case. I am expecting much better food the next time I come back.
My smart and beautiful wife (brownie points!) found this place when we were in the area working with Mischa Photography.(another review to do later). First off, we were early for our reservation so they asked if we wouldn't mind sitting in the basement (!), but after seeing how crowded the street level dining room was and the fact that it only looks onto the no-so-scenic Mission at night we tentatively said yes. This was definitely the better choice. Street level dining is VERY cramped and unless you just want to be seen because you've just trimmed your beard and donned your newest winter chunky cowl neck scarf in nautical navy blue and don't mind people walking by, around and bumping into you while you try and navigate a food-laden fork near your face then this is your spot. There is much more room in the basement than street level and it looks like there is Karaoke and dancing as it is nicely lit, not as overwhelmingly noisy (because Karaoke wasn't going on!) and has dedicated waitstaff working it.Onto the food - What a find! We started with the pollo empanadas, Chicharron de Pollo and Aguadito de Pollo (I'm sensing a chicken theme here...). While the Chicharron was good it paled in taste to the flavors that were in the empanads and the soup.We were just about satisfied, but decided to push our waistlines and order a half chicken with Tacu-Tacu and the sweet potato fries sides. Wow. The chicken was cooked to perfection with good seasoning that was made even better by the three sauces that come with it, but the real surprise here were the side dishes - these had to be the absolute best S.P. fries I've ever had and the Tacu-Tacu will blindside you by over-delivering on what its bland description (fried beans and rice) will make you think it tastes like.The service was excellent and we were well taken care of even as the evening progressed and it got steadily more busy. All this and a couple drinks for a very reasonable cost which allowed me to be generous in tipping for a very attentive waitstaff.We finished with the profiteroles for dessert and while these were very well done pastries I'm still left wondering about the chocolate bandido the table next to us ordered. But, I'm sure to find out as I know we'll be back!
So I just had lunch at this place about half and hour ago and had to write a review because I was so impressed.First off. I was shocked...SHOCKED...when the bill came. Lunch for 2 of us (we were both satisfyingly full) came out to a little more than $15 for two meals (no drinks). Wow. For the food that I got it was a huge bargain. Seriously.What's to love:* The chicken is amazing. I don't get excited about chicken very often. But this chicken is succulent, well seasoned and really tasty. They let me pick white or dark meat for the quarter chicken I ordered and the dark meat was fantastic (given how well they did dark meat, I'm betting their white meat would also be fantastic -- even if it is white meat).* The sides were great. The rice was excellent. I mean, it was just basic rice (jasmine according to the waiter) but damn, it tasted soooo good with the various sauces they bring out and the chicken fat. Mmmm* The grilled vegetables were tasty. I think this is a better option to the salad.* The little dish of dipping sauces were great. Spicy.* Decor was nice. Restaurant is very airy and well ventilated. Staff is super-friendly.I highly recommend this place to someone who wants a tasty meal at a reasonable price. I will definitely be back.
Love this place...better than most other Peruvian places in town...way better than Fresca...we think so at least.Awesome ceviche, love the fried chicken & rottiss., beef with the fries/onions...crazy good...actually...everything was insane...we love this place...well worth the wait & visit.
I had a fantastic diner here last night. My hubby and I each had 2 glasses of sangias. They were so delicious. We shared a ceviche de pescado. It was halibut - very fresh and lots of pieces considering it's a small plates kind of place.My hubby who never has beef had big bites of the beef plate (forget the name of the dish). It was the most succulant beef dish I ever had. And again a huge hunk of meat!We also ordered a whole chicken with 2 sides - I forget the names but one was rice/bean cakes and the other yuka frita. Soooo delicious! Came with 2 types of aoilis!!! Chicken was so juicy and scruptious!I can't wait to go back. Oh and the background music was so lively my body kept dancing as I sipped the sangrias!LOVE this place!
Was fortunate to come here with a large group...fortunate in that we were able to order almost everything on the menu! Haha....and I loved every single thing! I've never had Peruvian food so I don't have any standard to compare it to, but damn, Limon has set the bar high. Seriously people....this is legit.Try these dishes:-Empanadas -Yucca fries-Fried chicken-Rotisserie chicken-Beef short rib-Ceviche Pescado-CalamariThe empanadas were some of the best I've ever had. Flavorful and just perfect in every way. Each order comes with 2. The rotisserie chicken is a must...hello! It's in the name of the restaurant :)As for drinks, try their signature mojitos. I had the mango sake mojito - so delish. A bit on the sweeter side but that's what makes mojitos so good!Great for large parties because they have a downstairs seating area too. Contrary to popular belief they DO take reservations - talk to Antonio (manager) and he'll take care of you. Service here is impeccable.
Well priced and the food was SO good. We had the lomo saltado, veggie version too (VERY GOOD), the yucca frita, and the chicken chicaron. I thought everything was very flavorful, well presented and very nice sized portions.Our entire meal was under $40 for 2 people, and I don't feel like we sacrificed a thing. The ambiance was also very nice. . . inviting. The service was excellent as well.The only thing I have to complain about was the cold. It was freezing against the window, and most of the seats are along the perimeter, against the window, or in front of the door. They need to invest in heat.That is why I struggle to get back very soon.Otherwise . . . solid. And really, I think I will just wear something warm and go back anyways!
There's no half star...I'm not a big fan of Mediterranean Food...but this place is not bad. The sauces that came with the chicken was great. The side veggies were surprisingly good. Not a big fan of the Curry Chicken, but the short ribs were fall off the bone tender.
My wife and I went here for dinner tonight at 5:00 pm, and the place was still pretty empty luckily. As we were eating, the place filled up by 6:00.We ordered the sauteed steak with fries, tomatoes, and onions, the fried calamari, the beef heart (anticucho), and the rotisserie chicken. Everything was very flavorful and delicious. The rotisserie chicken (whole) came with 2 sides for $15.95, and half was taken home to enjoy for the next day.The prices are reasonable for the quality of the food. Service was very good and the parking was pretty easy for a Saturday night. The only negative was the strong smell of bathroom sanitizing cleaner, and that is because we were sitting down the hall from the bathroom. They need to tone the smell down.Highly recommended!
Chicken is amazing. Sangria is dangerous. Chicharrones are stupid good! Dining room is tight but if you don't mind getting close it's no big deal.
The garlic chicken was really good. We had the short ribs and ceviche mixto was good too.
I had the same experience as Ivan L. Damn shame, as the menu looked really good and lomo saltado is one of my favorite dishes. They would probably have my business if they could get the whole seating thing down.
If all you ever ask for is great food and service, this place should make your list. The chicken is excellent, especially with the sauces they come with. The side of veggies (were those white sting beans?) were very good, as was the lomito saltado. We also so got the ceviche mixto and a nice green salad with a great lemon (duh) dressing. Everything was muy sabroso. All that plus drinks (including a nice sangria) for about $20 a head between three people. Hope to eat here again soon-ish.Oh, and I was told their fantastic main restaurant on Valencia will indeed return to life in a month or so. Woo-hoo!
Pros:I don't think I can ever go back to eating grocery store rotisserie chicken. We ordered:Pisco Sour- really goodSangria- delicious, but pretty strong. My daytime asian glow drew stares from people on the streets. Half Chicken- deeeeelicious! YOU HAVE TO ORDER THE CHICKEN.Side of Yucca Fries- perfectly fried so the inside is tender and outside crunchySide of Vegetales Salteado- good stir fried vegetables, even to my bf who hates eating veggies, super flavorfulLomo Saltado- the beef was a little chewy and hard to cutThey had a side of 3 sauces that came with our order and I really want to know what they were!!! I'm defs coming back to get some.Cons: The waitress got our drink order wrong and gave us a pisco sour instead of a Cristal beer. We told her that it was wrong and she said she'd bring us the beer but never did :\ Also, the place is kinda cramped so I'm not sure if I would recommend it for a date place since the tables are too close together for privacy (at least where I was sitting). Foodwise bravo, Limon, bravo.
They've been open less than a week and I'm super impressed. The staff was so nice, very sweet and helpful without being overbearing. The food was fantastic: ceviche is just as stellar as at the original Limon, the carne a la parilla was AMAZING. We also had the pork tamale which was good, but not anything to write home about. I also absolutely loved the dessert which was meringue with dulce de leche, warm marshmallows, and nectarines sauteed with orange liquor... sooo good!! The best part? 3 fantastically composed dishes, one delicious dessert, and one beer equalled a total bill of $30! Not bad if you ask me!I will definitely be returning and I'm sure it will only get better as they stay open for longer.
Highly recommend it. One of the best restaurants I've been to in SF.The pepper dipping sauces are incredible, especially with an order of french fries and yucca friesThe "Lomito" Saltado (Top Sirlion Strips) is one of my favorite dishesPretty good drinks too!
I've been here twice and they messed up my phone reservations twice. What in the world is going on with them. I even spelled my last name for them and they got it wrong. I made reservations right when they opened at 12pm on a weekday so I'm sure they were not busy at that time. Anyways, back to the food. Veggie Empanadas - the dish of the night. Yum.Carne a la Parrilla - the steak was tender, we ordered 2 of these!Chicharron de Pollo - it was good, I would order it again.Aguadito de Pollo - the chicken was dried and kinda tough. The soup was not spicy. I wouldnt order this again.Pollo a la Brasa (half) - tasted like the Costco chicken but saltier. For dessert, we had the Chocolate Bandido, it was yummy and very moist.As for the drinks, the beer comes in the bottle with a wine glass. My husband asked for a tall glass when he saw it and our waitress said thats how we serve it, which is fine but they do have tall glasses. My other friend had a ginatonic at the bar while waiting for us, the bartender gave him a tall glass. When he ordered another one after we got seated, it came in a short glass. Odd. I'd suggest making your drink order at the bar. I had the sangria, and it was good. I wouldn't say it was the best but it was decent.
Finally got to try this gem! Have been dying to try it for many months now. I wasn't disappointed despite the hype I had built up in my own mind. Everything was simply delicious. Brought my parents and husband here, who haven't really experienced the delight of Peruvian food. We started with a whole chicken, which they cut into 8 pieces. This comes with a trio of dipping sauces which are simply delicious and complement the chicken perfectly. We also ordered the mixed ceviche with calamari, shrimp and fish which was seasoned perfectly to melt in your mouth. The chicken comes with two sides so we picked mixed veggies yum!! And yucca fries double yum!!!! it was the most perfect chicken I ever tasted, it had a crispy outer skin that left me licking my lips! Then we got the beef saltado which is beef stir fried with fries in a delicious sauce. This dish was a big hit! All this went down with a jug of sangria which had mixed fruit and triple sec which went straight to our heads! Yum yum yum. We ended our scrumptious meal by sharing two desserts, the profiteroles, and the warm chocolate cake. There are so many things I want to try next time. This place warrants a second time, and third and fourth.....
MMMmmm..I am Peruvian and know what good Peruvian food is. And this place is definitely good albeit not exactly "traditional." For the most traditional Peruvian in the city, it has to be El Perol in the mission. The ceviche is definitely a bit raw, but as I have learned to like sushi, it really is amazing this way. Anticuchos (heart steak) is a must even if it sounds gross. The meat has a somewhat tougher/chewy texture, but the flavor is very rich. They do it well here. My favorite part I'd have to say are the two sauces, specifically the huancaina sauce (The yellow one) the Cilantro one is really good too. Whats even better is both mixed! Yucca Frita is really well done here. I definitely recommend this place to anyone, and for bigger parties it will definitely impress. The entrees are more expensive for their quantity, but it makes sense, given the chicken and sides are so cheap!
Ok, so I know that according to 7x7, the rotisserie chicken is kinda a big deal, but to be honest, the real unsung hero here is the Lomito Saltado. It is the MOST brilliant dish of stir fried top sirloin strips, onions, tomato and soy sauce, served with fries. Succulent, tender and delish. Go for the chicken, but your trip will be a total fail without the Lomito Saltado.
Good food =) i love the mojitos, cute waiters, and reasonable price. i love tapas. chicken was good but nothing super special. in love with the ceviche
I walked into this place without any prior knowledge or expectations. Wow though. This place was killer. Ambiance - eh, whatever. Nothing to write home about. Food - excellent. We had the chicken which was truly excellent. I'm not going to gush all over this review, just go have some. Now this place is known for its chicken apparently. However, the "Lomo Soltado" was awesome (traditional Peruvian dish that consists of carne asada, french fries, onions, and some kind of sauce). I've had it at Fresca in Noe and at that new joint La Mar on the Embarc...and both of their iterations paled in comparison to Limon's. It's awesome.Finally, this is something I don't ever think I've ever written on a ylelp review about a good restaurant: it was a very good price. Half a chicken, Lomo Soltado, a few sides, ahi sashimi app, and 4 glasses of sangria: 70 DOLLARS!I'll be adding this place to my short list of favorite restaurants in the city.
Checked out this new venue of Limon (are they ever going to reopen on Valencia?) and like it. The upstairs was a 20-min wait, so we opted for the downstairs lounge, which was nice for being a basement. The vibe was good but the lighting needs to be less harsh. Turn down the spots and use a color other than green - people don't look good in a greenish hue. The food is centered on small plates - whatever happened to the term "tapas"? - and all were quite tasty. We were stuffed when we left, without having dessert, so small plates does not equal small appetite. The sangria was spicy and full of fruit - perfect! I liked it better than my own homemade version. The only dish that was just "OK" were the french fries - could have had similar version at Whiz down the street. The yucca fries, on the other hand, were delicious. They should offer some dipping sauces for them, however.The service, on the other hand, needs help - at least in the lounge. We waited a long time for our server to come over and then I think they had to go make the sangria from scratch - well, it seemed that long, at least. And then the food we received was for the table to our right, and then our food was delivered to the table to our left - I guess she can't count very well.Get the service up to snuff, then this is a great spot for casual and tasty dining out. I love it because it's only a 5-min walk from my place. I hope this Limon doesn't have any fires upstairs - it would be a shame to lose another.
So, I had a negative experience with this place. I had visiting family, and after trying to set up a reservation, I ended up on the waitlist as we did have a party of 5. We waited, and watched, hungrily as the flames and chickens turned on their spits, and delicious scents wafted out to the impatient crowd, lined up outside. We waited, and waited, and waited, nearly 2 hours on that list. Unfortunately, there was no seating in the upstairs dining room, which looked AMAZING! Rustic tables lined up family style, with people bent over the most delicious food, as our hunger increased exponentially. Once we finally got called up, we were led downstairs. DUN DUN DUUUUUUN! To the dungeon-esque lounge. It looked like the cheesiest night club I'd ever walked into, and not only that, they led us through the bathroom line to get there. We were sat down in a corner, in the dark, where we got little service. We finally ordered, family style, 3 chickens and some sweet potato fries and other sides. The food was amazingly good, as we were also ravenous at this point, so probably would have enjoyed eating the menus just the same. But that ambiance downstairs. TERRIBLE! I hope they renovate sometime soon, because if you find yourself down there, prepare for a bad DJ to be nearby. Sangria was delicious, but pricey per pitcher, chicken was superb, but the wait, and the "lounge", made this one of the cruddiest experiences I've had in the SF food scene.
Interesting Peruvian hip restaurant. Portions aren't very big, but in the end it ended up being very affordable. Lots of young trendy people having a good time. Great place for happy hour or even post happy hour when you are hungry for something to soak up those drinks, but nothing too heavy or filling.Their signature rotisserie chicken was tender, well-executed. Ceviche was fresh and had a nice citrus kick. Peruvian potato salad was a little mysterious- is this a purple potato, a beet? No, its a carrot! We also had a couple of their beef dishes which were tender and not overcooked.Bottomline- a fun restaurant with interesting food that's not your normal run of the mill post happy hour special. Check it out.
Yumm, great food!
I went there last night with my boss and had the 1/2 chicken with a couple of sides. He had the same thing and it was delicious! I will definitely be going back here for my rotisserie chicken fix as you cannot beat the price for 9.95 per half chicken. =) Peruvian places know how to do their chicken. Their sauces are great as well.
Very good food and sangria. Went there with a couple of friends on a Saturday night. The fifteen minutes wait was worth it!
For all the crowds and rave reviews, I'm not super impressed with this place. The service is very good, the decor is great. The menu is a bit sparse. And the food is pretty good, but not amazing like I would expect from a Valencia Corridor (gourmet ghetto) establishment. In general I found the menu uninspiring (the Paella -- meh)You'll be better of going to Loconda across the street, where you can get a truly amazing and unique meal.
Yum - sides are divine.
Went in for friday dinner at 8:30, and it was crow-ded. Got seated downstairs after waiting an hour - it was interesting, looked like a converted nightclub.The small plates were pretty good - I liked the ceviche dishes, the grilled prawns, and the chicken soup. The rotisserie chicken was succulent and tender but a tad too salty. The strawberry tart dessert was not bad either. All in all, pretty solid - will get here early next time.
I like a couple of things:1. The food were relatively affordable and won't break your bank.2. The courteous hostess was attentive and quick to seat us when my group finally arrived.3. The small plates were small enough (in portion) and not too expensive that you could get a bunch of them and share.A couple of things I wasn't too thrilled about:1. NOISE! I felt like I was in a wind tunnel and Ihad to shout across our tiny table.2. I felt like the servers weren't too attentive and the courteous hostess (#2 from above) ended up doing alot of their job. (I.e. bring us the dessert menu/our check/asked us if everything was ok?) Perhaps it's because we didn't order alcohol as a group and weren't worth the attention?3. Not sure why everyone raves about the chicken and/or the ceviche. For chicken...I'd probably go to Zuni Cafe (less salty) and for ceviche I'd probably go to Mi Lindo Peru.
The restaurant is small so be prepared to wait but the food is SO good! Some of our favorites are the chicken, ceviche, lomito saltado, chicharron de pollo. The sauces are amazing as well!
I'm just going to copy/paste what I wrote to my friend after visiting this place. Please excuse the informalities, foul language, and obnoxious excitement that comes with disclosing deepest, darkest feelings to close friends:OMG!! Last night, we met up with a friend of mine and his gf, and ate at this freakin Peruvian restaurant and had PHENOMENAL food. I mean, everything was super flavorful and delicious. The chicken was rotisserie style and it was [bleepin'] succulent and dripping in flavor. That, alone, would've been good enough without any extras, but then they give you these condiments (yay! :)) and you know how much I love condiments. And wow!!! A chimichurri one, and yellow pepper kind, and I think some kind of red chile kind? Anyway - Wow wow wow! Omg, I was so happy! I need to learn how to make chimichurri sauce b/c I love that stuff. It seems so simple! And we had smaller side plates, as well - of tender steak, and mixed ceviche, and sweet potato fries and a side salad. Dude. Everything was so good! And get this! SUPER cheap! At a nice establishment! I'm so smiling to myself as I'm writing this now :)
Went to Limon Rotisserie on Friday night for date night. This is a sparsely decorated place, as other reviews will tell you, but it worked well for the food. We sidled up to the bar, since it beat waiting for a table. We had:1/4 Roasted Chicken: signature dish, very good, and came with two sides. We had the salted vegetables and fries. The salted veggies had a distinctive flavor we couldn't place until the bartender told us: soy sauce. Very good.Ceviche: also very good and very fresh.Chicarron de pollo: excellent fried chicken bits with a garlic dipping sauceDipping sauces: the food also has dipping sauces of Peruvian spices that they keep fresh. We liked them so much we got a few to go!Downside: apparently this place doesn't have its liquor license, so no booze with the dinner.Overall, a good time and I am glad we made it out before this place becomes really popular and you can't get in for an hour.
Food is amazing and full of flavor. The service is also fantastic. Prices are good too. Highly recommended.
Meh, just not thrilled. Everything was severely salty (and I like really salty food), but so salty there wasn't really anything else to taste. Expected more flavor, more spice, more _substance_. The sangria is also very, very sweet, so maybe it is a place of extremes.The service was very friendly and attentive, I am tempted to go back and give it a second chance just because the service was so kind. My friends said one of the folks from Top Chef was there, but I don't really watch it, so I can't confirm, but I'd be surprised if she was impressed.I hope it is better next time, and while I wasn't impressed, I think it is worth a second try, so I'll be back.
for less than $20 you can get a whole chicken and two sides. my friend kathy and i couldn't even finish half the food! the chicken is really good, tender and moist. we got the yuca fritos (yum) and tacu-tacu, which was interesting. kind of like a fried rice ball. worth a try, but i think i would have gotten veggies instead. with a glass of sangria, it was a very enjoyable meal. my only real complaint is the hostess. rude and not friendly at all. yes, i'm talking to you.i will go back if she's not there the next time i walk by. definitely gets packed by 730pm so come earlier or make reservations.
the place is small and crowded but hip and chic. We ordered -Ceviche mix (shrimp, fish and squid). very fresh and the lemon marinate is refreshing and flavorful, -Chicharron de Pollo, crispy chicken, very tasty! it's my favorite dish -Veggie empanadas, good, but could be better. the veggie is a little bit bland. --warm chocolate cake, mouth-watering...overall it was a very good meal. plates looked small but they are pretty filling. would like to go back again!!
HUM YUM! Chicken. Vito the ARROZ. Really? White rice? Alejandro is my Ninja. He hooked it up with the free dessert because he knew my buddy, Deryk- THE CEO OF www.GRUBCRAWL.COM. Check it out! Ever heard of a Pubcrawl? Think about it!!! Loved the sauces. Peruvian food, baby. MMM MMM MM.
Good food, good service, Great prices and I am always happy after I leave. Avoid the week ends as you will probably wait or make a reservation. If you don't you will be standing in the entrance or outside as the bar is usually full and this place is not very large. Bar holds maybe 5 comfortably and the entrance holds 4 people without servers bumping into you.I have tried almost the entire menu and I have to say it is solid. Lomito, the Steak with Wine sauce and Ceviche were well above average.Desert is ok and I am not blown away by anything else. As a chocolate fan I am not impressed by their chocolate cake and it kind of reminds me of Beard Papa's Fondant Cake for less than 3 bucks with Strawberry Whip cream.
Omgahh this place is beyond good! I went for my mom's birthday and it's so delicious! The chicken was super moist and yummy and the ceviche was amazing! The sangria was pretty bomb, too! Everything is family style, but small portions so you don't over it. It's perfect!
Peruvian food, I always thought peruvian food was very similar to mexican food. I had no idea peruvian served these kinds of dishes! Anyways my friend and I went here one night and he was mentioning how they have good sangria..SOLD! hahahBut yea, came here..the only reason I would just give it 4 stars is that the parking is a little difficult and its not a really big place, pretty compact so it might get a little loud.Food is the shit here! I forgot the dish names but the ceviche style dishes with halibut, wow...so good. We got a dish with lamb on it..wow..that was good too. I would review more on the food but I can't remember all the dishes. We got 2 appetizers and 2 main dishes and all of them were extremely tasty so I wouldn't doubt the other dishes are bad either.Will go back here again...
A unique experience for most non-SFers. Give Peruvian a try.
A whole rotisserie chicken Peruvian style with two large side dishes for under 20 bucks!!! The chicken definitely has salt on it like everyone says but I did not find it unappealing at all. In fact the chicken and the three distinct dipping sauces given were friggin fantastic. We had a side of grilled veggies and a house salad for our sides and they were fresh and delicious. We also ordered a mixed ceviche appetizer which was some of the best ceviche I have ever had although I actually seldom order ceviche. It was still delicious and a great deal.
It doesn't get much better than this: fabulous friends, incredible food (Peruvian, at that!), dining in one of the best cities in the world. This location boasts a simple yet elegant general sitting room, and the smells wafting from the open, visible kitchen and rotating rotisserie racks at the back convinced us right away: we should order nearly everything on the menu. And so we did. We shared a whole chicken (of course), sopa del dia, roasted vegetables, papas fritas, arroz, short ribs, beef steak, and more. The chicken was rich and moist and so well-flavored; and the DIPPING SAUCES! Peruvian peppered creme and a cilantro version too had me moaning in delight throughout the entire meal. Can't wait to go back. I will be back. I will.
One bite of the chicken brought me back to the earlier days in Lima.I'd give it 5 stars, but I haven't tried the rest of the dishes. The ochoa wine is tasty.Like any other new restaurant they're working through some of the kinks, but pretty gracefully I might say. I was treated to a glass of wine and they'll have a card machine by Monday.I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. I love Spanish Sangria, but theirs is got flavah!It's also moderately priced for a tapas-style restaurant in the area.- - - - - - - - 2nd visit.So I finally tried 2 of the 3 ceviches and it was perfection. I almost drank the 'leche de tigre' as it should be enjoyed, it is that good - leche de tigre, or tiger's milk as we commonly refer to it is the remaining white colored sauce with a feline kick. We name it that since it makes you want to roar after drinking it; simply lift up, make sure no one's watching and slurp. Excellent hang-over cure.The anticucho was awesome as well; you can really taste the aji panca.Try the tacu-tacu as a side dish or order it with the braised beef (carne asada), a mish mash of bean and rice; like a Colombian sancochado.To top it off, our party ordered the lomo saltado. The meat was incredibly tender and the fries that came with it had the perfect thickness. Five stars are now in order.
Fantastic food, attentive service and yummy cocktails.
I can never get enough of this place. Ceviche's are great, Rotisserie Chicken and sauces are amazing, okay everything I have had there is great. Staff are very friendly. Great food, great drinks, great service, reasonable prices. I guess that is why there are often long waits, but it's well worth it and there are a bunch of dive bars in the area to grab drinks at while you're waiting.
Meh.Basic food, few ingredients, decent execution, not enough waitstaff. Tastes just like a hole in the wall mission place, so that plus the lack of service means their prices are just not warranted. The ceviche was good, the peruvian chicken was nicely seasoned but dry, my date's seafood dish was deep fried. Nothing special, I'm sorry to report.
Excellent food (period)
Yum, yum, yum. Just thinking about the ceviche with it's tartiness and spice I could go back again (it's 10am). I loved loved loved the ceviche, hands down my favorite dish. The "pollo a la brasa" was delish! The meat was a little too chewy and not my favorite. We sat downstairs in the basement, not bad when you have small kids with you. The tables were a little old and service was not too bad. I will definitly go back, please believe that chicken was great.
I LOVE LIMON. LOVE. LOVE. LOVE.The small plates concept for greater affordability is right up my budget these days. I seriously can't believe how I can get half a chicken with two sides for under $10. Their Yucca Frita is the perfect texture of "fried," and Lomo Saltado is still as great as ever.If you weren't able to try the original Limon on Valencia this location still serves some of their favorites, just in smaller portions, so just get everything!
I've never eaten in the restaurant (though I've drank sangrias at the bar), so I can't comment on wait staff or service in that regard.I live on the block, so often I will order out. I love to buy a whole chicken, boil the bones and make delicious soup for the next week. One chicken goes a long, long way.PROS // The food is quality. The chickens are delicious. The sauces are intense. Tacu Tacu is lovely and the Yuca frites are INCREDIBLE. The sangria is also very well made. Staff are nice, but neighborhood folks like me who order take-out are most definitely not their priority.CONS // I don't know how long it takes to get food while eating in, but it takes roughly 1.5 hours for take-out. And once I show up, the food is never ready - as a matter of fact after about 10 visits (all having called 90 minutes ahead) my order has never once even been given to the kitchen. Every single time I am forced to sit for 30 additional minutes to get my 1 chicken.But, the quality of the food is still kind of worth it and I love to be able to support my local eateries.
you would think that a party of 8 on a tuesday evening would not have been a difficult event.  We had a 6 p.m. reservation and were the first party to arrive in the restaurant. We thought it would be easier on the staff if one person ordered for the table and everyone could sample this and that. this proved to be a mistake as drinks, appetizers entree and nearly desert all came at the same time. the food was excellent, dont get me wrong, but the entire meal was incredibly rushed. the topper was at the end after the server had cleared the table and asked us to leave because there was another large party waiting.   our whole meal including desert and paying the check was 1 hour 20 minutes. at 1 hour 25 minutes the waiter asked us to leave. THIS PARTY WILL NEVER MAKE OUR WAY BACK. Im only giving 2 stars because the food was not bad.
The only downside to this place is its limited menu - everything else is superb! The sangria is fruity with a kick of alcohol and very smooth, absolutely order a pitcher - you'll thank me later! I'd say it's on par with Chachacha's sangria if not better. It's a cute restaurant, with a downstairs lounge area with more tables, and the atmosphere is fun and hip without being pretentious. I saw people of all ages eating there, enjoying their food - people on dates, people with their families, people celebrating birthdays. Service is friendly and polite. Their rotisserie chicken is meant to be eaten with the sauces - otherwise it's quite plain. Their grilled hanger steak - carne a la Parrilla - was perfectly cooked. Their ceviche mixto was very fresh, and the best I've had, although I'm really not an expert on this dish. I would definitely come back to this place, although the neighborhood it's in isn't the best.
Yummmm!! Must get the chicken! The ceviche was great, loved everything I had even though I was a little iffy about trying some of it! We got there with no reservation were seated quickly! Wait staff was great! Ohh and loved my drink which was a suggestion of the waiter!! Yummy!!
Easily the best meal we had in SF!! Food was awesome and service was very good. We dont like rotisserie chicken because they are usually full of fat and pretty gross. But this aint yo mommas chicken. This is the best damn rotisserie chicken evah! Very moist and flavorful with nice crisp skin. The dipping sauce was good too but not really needed because the meat was so tasty. We had a couple of tapas, Lomito Saltado and Anticuchos de Res. The Lomito was very good but the beef hearts was a little too salty and perhaps a little tough. The sangria was very good as well. We just loved the fried yucca!!! The deseret (like a small chocolate cake) was good, but we were too stuffed to really enjoy it. I regret not going back when we were still in SF...will definitely be back!
In agreement with everyone else, yes the chicken is damn good. I went to Limon for dinner and sangria (which is very tasty!!) and enjoyed the food and atmosphere. We were a group of 5 so we decided to order a little of everything. We had the anticucho (beef heart) which was really good; the ceviche pescado, lomo saltado, tuna tartar, and some other shrimp plate. The lomo saltado was tasty and so was the shrimp dish in particular. The ceviche was good, but having eaten a great deal of it in Peru I am admittedly biased and felt it could have been better. It lacked roccoto, but it did have the accompaniment of sweet potato, maize, and the little roasted maize kernels which totally made me nostalgic.The yucca frita was really good, and I loved the sauces that came with it. And again, the sangria was sooooooooo good, definitely a must!Service was pleasant and attentive, and patient as we were a loud group. Definitely an enjoyable place to head to before a night out.
Because I wasn't paying, I can give this place five stars. It is soo delicious. A little pricey. We all shared a bunch of different dishes, and they were all amazing. The Lomito Saltado was of course the best, just a great blend of meat and potatoes, but in the Limon way. YUM!
I have now been to Limon Rotisserie a handful of times & I have yet to be disappointed. I highly recommend making reservations as it fills up fast. The sangria is delic! definitely a must have. The perfect size meal for two consists of a 1/2 chicken w/ 2 sides & 2 small plates. Their ceviche is superb- very fresh w/ just a dash of refreshing citrus. I also tried the Lonito Soltada for the first time last nice & it was really good. For the 2 sides I like the peruvian corn (tastes the same as reg. corn but has xtra big kernels which is fun to eat) & the roasted vegetables. The staff is always very friendly & accommodating in helping you decide what to get if you can't decide.
Yum, yum in my tum! The prices you can't beat and the food was really great. The reason I'm taking away one star (a half if I could) is that everything was too salty. And I'm a fan of salty! It just left me feeling bloated and wicked thirsty. But it was probably worth it, because that chicken was delectable. The sides were fun and plentiful as well...
Some friends and I had been drinking for awhile and were starving. A friend who lives in the area wanted to take us to Limon, said it was amazing only, they don't take reservations so we had to get there early. Well, when we got there at 7:30 (not early enough), they told us the wait would be an hour and a half. Oy. We reeeaally wanted to try the place, so we decided to tough it out...with 2 six packs on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant. 2 hours and many beers later, we were drunk. Oh, and we got seated. I left the ordering to everyone else, but we ended up with some bomb ceviche, chorizo chicken (i think) and calamari. We then ordered a couple of roasted chickens and let me tell you, that was one of the best, moistest, chicken I've ever had in my life. I was also drunk and starving, but man, cooked to perfection. Yummers.
Mmm...there are two things I love, sangria and sweet potato fries, and Limon has perfected them.My friends and I headed over this place, to celebrate my friend's last week in the States before moving to Japan. We started out with a pitcher of sangria, a half-chicken, and a few tapas.First off, yes, they are tapas. So, order A LOT. We ended up ordering another chicken, and pretty much everything else off the menu; and it was all delicious. The ceviche mixto was one of the best I've ever had, lemony and spicy, and delicious, and though I don't eat meat (besides seafood), my friends raved about the lomito saltado and the chicken. We ordered all the desserts, and the banana one (I can't remember exactly what it was called), was pure heaven in my mouth. We also ended up ordering three pitchers of the sangria, so we were all feeling quite warm and fuzzy by the time dinner ended.Service was great, prompt and friendly. The atmosphere was the right mix of intimate, trendy and nice, with a casual air. Even though getting to the Mission from the Outer Sunset is a pain, I know I will be back.P.S. Expect to drop a lot of money here; the food isn't too pricey, but you'll definitely want to keep ordering.
The Ceviche was delicious and just the way I like it. Steak and potatoes dish is a must have also.
Super good! Had dinner here before a lovely event at the Red Poppy Art House around the corner. Soup was incredible! Chicken yummy and tender. Loved mixing the Mango Lemonade with Sauvignon Blanc to make a yummy spritzer (yup, a child of the 70's!) Thought the Sangria was delish too! The place was packed on a Saturday night but a wonderful mixed crowd. I really loved Limon Rotisserie and are so happy they're in my hood.
The place was packed, and with a 30 minute wait, we found ourselves spending time at the bar (der). The bar staff were ON IT and waited on us immediately, and we ended up having our dinner at the bar, with a professional, friendly (and damn cute) bartender. The ceviche was incredible, and the yucca frites were quite tasty. The star of the night tho was the hangar steak with "tacu-tacu", also known as a delish rice and bean mix rolled in flour and fried. Weight watchers points be damned, this was some good shee-ite. The price was very, very, very reasonable. With 3 small plates, yucca frites and 4 glasses of wine, it was around $50 ish. Not bad at all, hells yeah I will be back!
We have been here three times. Twice as a couple and once as part of a group of 8.The times where it was just two of us, we left stuffed and happy. We love the taste of the chicken, and I'm a fan of the lomito saltado.The group outing proved a bit tougher. It was partly our fault, as trying to get 8 people coming from all over to arrive at the same time is pretty much impossible. We couldn't get seated until everyone arrived (fairly common at popular restaurants), but then we had to wait ages after everyone was there (when it seemed as though an appropriate table was available). By the time we got seated, they were low on chicken so we had to wait for a new batch to cook.Still, we did leave having enjoyed a very tasty meal. Next time I have more than 4 people, I think I'll pick another place and save Limon for what it does best - 2 or 4 people.
Moist, lightly spiced, gotta-eat-the-skin chicken served with a red pepper sauce that is light green and a black mint sauce that is also green. SO good. The chicken is so flavorful that the sauces are optional, really, and a half chicken for $9.50, plus two sides, was enough for two very hungry, post-gym eaters. Our sides were the fried yuca --it's supposed to be starchy like that! --and the vegetables --green and yellow beans sauteed with soy sauce and tomatoes. Savory and just right.  We also got the straight -up halibut ceviche, delicious with the massive corn kernels. The flourless chocolate cake was yum, but when have you had a flourless chocolate cake that wasn't? Our waiter mentioned that the main Limon on Valencia will be opening in February. But we'll be back to the Rotisserie for it's reasonable prices and laid-back atmosphere when we're not feeling so fancy.
They canceled my reservation since I was late to dinner even though a friend was already at the restaurant. After I had arrived, they said they gave up our table, and they wouldn't seat us because one person from our four person party was not there. After almost 30 minutes of waiting, they put us downstairs which was dark, loud, and kind of tacky in decorations compared to the upstairs seating. The food was ok, but I think all of the dishes were over-salted.
Also a fan of the orignial Limon, I had high expectations, which were met and exceeded. I went alone on a Saturday afternoon, had a quarter chicken, my chosen sides were rice and yucca fries (carb-o-rific). Chicken was pretty fantastic, but to be honest, I'm a bigger fan of Green Chile Kitchen's awesome chicken which I found to be a lot more dynamically flavorful and super duper tender (no knife required). However, the yellow and green sauce for the chicken really make the big difference. A roast chicken is a roast chicken, but these sauces make it something unique. Rice was really boring, not sure what I was expecting but it was a decision I later regretted and wished I had chosen something more exciting.I was actually VERY impressed with those bomb ass yucca fries! One thing about yucca is that its best consumed very hot and wow - even though I was alone I felt myself making audible yummy noises. I'd consider swinging by to order a side to go for a quick snack - saying a lot.I also had shrimp and halibut ceviche... This was pretty good and satisfied my craving for ceviche, but not as good as the ceviches I remember from the original location. Good eats at a very fair price. I'm looking forward to going back to try more small plates... Even though I prefer roast chicken in Green Chile Kitchen in NOPA/Hayes Valley, I'm more likely to pick up a chicken at Limon now since I'm in China Basin.
Limon makes me wish I grew up eating Peruvian food my whole life. The food is exceptional. Portions are tapas so they're small. But its the kinda food you wish there was one more bite left... The sangria can sometimes be too sweet, which makes it unenjoyable but overall its a fantastic place to eat at. Not too expensive but not that cheap either...
Personal fav
I never order chicken, unless I go out for chicken. This place does chicken like no other. No need to make it all flashy either...$10 gets you half a bird and a couple of sides (and the sides are on par with the awesome flavored chicken). Unbeatable. Plus, the place itself is nice (albeit extremely busy), pseudo upscale and fast with the food. Was going to give four stars due to the fact that we waited for about 45 minutes despite calling ahead but the hostess was so pleasant that she earned that fifth star back. Plus, if it's that cheap and that awesome, a wait is expected. A little tip: Go at lunch, Same menu, no wait.
The Rotisserie Chicken is redefined at Limon. The chicken is just amazing and definitely something to write home about. The food is awesome at this place and prices are great which is why there's always a long line around dinner time. but dont worry, if you make a reservation, you can ditch the line :)
Love love love this restaurant. Been here a million times. The sangria and pretty much anything you order are fantastic here.
San Francisco's got every type of food, except Peruvian Chicken...until Limon! It ain't Super Pollo (see DC), which is the grand daddy of chicken a la braza, but this place is pretty good and pretty cheap too. I had half a chicken and it was delicious. Their sides are kinda dry, but where else are you getting yuca these days. The aguadito de pollo is described as a chowder, but don't expect anything near "clam chowder". It's not viscous and heavily flavored with huacatay and cilantro. The soup's a little hit or miss - I liked it but I can see how others may not like it much because it is a distinct flavor. The wait here can be a little crazy, even if you have reservations. Definitely worth the wait though.
Very friendly service... I asked for the steak to be rare and it just about melted in my mouth. The yucca fries are deelicious, especially when dipped in their cilantro sauce. Try their ceviche and flank steak. The best part is the rotisserie chicken. Now that I've tried this chicken, I get a bit of Homer Simpson-like drool every time I think of it. MMmmmmm... chiiickkeeennnn. The raspberry torte was a nice finish to what was a great meal from start to finish.
What more can be said, after 200+ reviews. Consistent and efficient service, reasonable prices and well seasoned dishes make Limon Rotisserie a standout on South Van Ness, a stones throw from the Valencia Street dining corridor.My only complaints - when I inquired about a gift card, I was told that this location did not offer them, however, the "other location" did sell them. Umm, did anyone tell the hostess that the Valencia location is a burned out hole at the moment? Reservations are now accepted on OpenTable, a much needed service for this rest.
Excellent food. Service was mediocre. The seating arrangement isn't the greatest if you're downstairs.
I had lunch here with some friends this week. I've never eaten at this location or Limon, and my knowledge of Peruvian food is nil.But, I loved this place! First off, the service was friendly and more than competent. Second, the food was served quickly and was delicious. We ordered a number of small plates to share. Unfortunately, their menu is not online (that I could find) and I only remember the name of one dish (tacu-tacu) but everything we got was great. I had the feeling that you couldn't go wrong. The flavors were pronounced without being overwhelming, sophisticated, and well combined. Desserts were fresh and tasty. I'll be back!
Totally went up in my book when I returned on a Wednesday night with a friend. Once I got the server to commit to the wine price in writing, I felt a lot more at ease, and then I started actually enjoying the food. The ceviche is really damn good, as are those fried pieces of chicken.But the best thing are those $2.50 "side items" , including a lovely bean dish, that are almost as large as the mains.And, by the way, there are 2 red wines by the glass: the tempranillo, and the "other one". Get the "other one". Trust me.
I love this place. Bf and I used to live within walking distance. Sadly, no longer. But they were absolutely perfect for "too lazy to cook dinner" nights.The hanger steak, the tuna tartare, the french fries (sweet potato and regular potato), are all quite good. I think the portions are perfect for two...you can share everything quite nicely. We usually got a half chicken (which comes with two sides), along with two small plates -- three if we were really hungry.The red meat is cooked medium rare, which is perfect in my book. The one downside is that the food is super salty. For me that's an upside, as well as for boyfriend -- we love salty food. But if you have high blood pressure this might not be your top choice.
Spilt a half chicken with rice and sweet potato fries. Soooo good. Pair it with sangria and my meal was complete.
The food here is soo yummy! The chicken is perfectly crispy and flavorful, with delicious sauces. And it comes with two sides of your choice...all are equally tasty.  There are many other dishes other than the chicken that are just as good. And best of all, it's very affordable! I went with two friends, and we ate 'till we were all full and had leftovers, and the bill only came out to $50!! Now that really is my kind of restaurant!The only reason it doesn't get five stars is 'cuz we had to wait for awhile for our table, even though we already had reservations. After about 20 minutes, we ended up just grabbing seats at the bar and canceling the reservation...otherwise, who knows how much longer we would've had to wait!
Fabulous roast chicken, Ceviche as good as in Lima, Peru. We loved the food and the service. Will definitely go there again and again.
I find their chicken salty but well cooked, juicy and tender. Their ceviche is the best. I didn't get enough with just one plate, I have to order another one.The place is always packed for dinner. Best service too, friendly and attentive.I'm bringing more people.
i have try lots of peruvian restaurant in the past and was eager to try this one, to my disappointment most of the food wasn't a big deal. the chicken was the only meal that i enjoyed. side dishes were ridiculous! the chicha morada is in a bottle+ bitter!desserts....i thought that i could highly my 45 minutes driving to this place with a yummy! dessert, but couldn't find anything attractive, they don't even have ice-cream.oh! i almost forgot...it took us more than 15 minutes to find a parking spot! it was sunday! ahhhhh!it you want to waste your money + time go to this place!
Limon Rotisserie is a cute little place good for groups of 4 or less. We had about 6 people in our party last night and the wait was around 30-40 minutes. On a Monday night! But, it was worth it. The sangria is great, and the chicken is so moist! We also ordered the chiccharon de pollo - highly recommended. Also both types of fries were a hit. Very affordable- I will definitely be back soon!
We had the most delicious lunch at Limon Rotisserie. Atmosphere is casual and comfy. Service is friendly and efficient. The food is the big deal here. I LOVE the roasted chicken. Deliciously crispy skin, juicy interior and perfectly spiced in the most delectable way. I have been having dreams about this chicken. It makes my mouth water just to think about it.Oh, and they have an amazingly refreshing beer from Peru called Cristal. I highly recommend you go there immediately and eat the chicken.They also have ceviche and some other stuff that's pretty good. Cristal beer + Limon chicken = happy people
dined with ap, rc, ls, and abchicken - more seasoned than costco and even a bit on the salty side - the 3 sauces were competing against the already seasoned chicken. i used the sauces for other things. short ribs- they were not short ribs!!!!- more like beef stew especially with the carrots and potato- WAY TOO SALTY jalea- fried seafood (calamari, fish, shrimp) and fried yucca- small portion- not rubbery - not greasy - slightly powdery batter- this was the better dish of the nightsalad- vitamin k with the spinach russian salad- potato and mayo based sauce unlike the mustard vinaigrette description on the menutacu tacu- a bit spicy for me service was ok. though the waiter started wiping the table a bit while we were still chatting. for a peruvian restaurant i would like to see some causa on the menu. the menu seems more limited now.
incredible food, but terrible service
Damn Peruvians know how t'cook. Ya' know? You's know whut? Dem Chinese diaspo'a deserves some credit. Man! Dis place rocks. ah' needed t'fix mah' fro afta' eatin' here. Boy, de chicken plum fills me down! Right on! De lemon and da damn zest plum kicks me in de ass. If ya' likes Peru, ya' likes lemon and ya' likes chicken dis be da damn place fo' ya'. Now look here, sho'tly afta' eatin' here ah' felt as if ah' were emancipated once again. 'S coo', bro. Damn! Right on! Tuna fo' de win! Right on!
Limon is a great affordable place to eat. The rotisserie chicken is perfect. The sides are nice too. The ceviche however was quite bad. Very chewy fish. I would definitely just come for a full chicken and a few sides. You don't need an appetizer anyway.
Unique food and warm staff. All around great place for any occasion!Parking was a bit tough and made use late for the reservation, but staff was understanding and accommodated us the best they could. We sat in the basement floor though upstairs definitely seemed more fun (and smells of delicious chicken). Though downstairs, they checked on us often and were very good about making recommendations.The flavors are more more fusion than Peruvian in my opinion, but that's just the way I like it! We ordered:--Pitcher of Sangria ($25) -- Huge, enough for 6-7 glasses. --Lomito Saltado ($9.75) -- Cubes of tender steak served with fries which are mixed right in so they soak up the tangy fusion sauce. If I could cook, this would definitely be a great way to use leftover McD fries!!--Tartara de Tuna ($7.95) -- Tuna tartar. Ok quality. Extremely peppery -- not my favorite and probably not the best dish on the menu.--Ceviche Mixto ($9.75) - Shrimp, fish, and calmari ceviche that is very tangy. Portion is big and the seafood is not diced but kept in whole pieces, so give it a great texture to chew on. Served with looks like extra-large corn kernels. Super fresh.--Chicharron de Pollo ($8.50) hot plate of boneless chicken that is well marinated and perfectly charred. Better (and less messy) than the rotisserie chicken, if you ask me!--Pollo a la Brassa (Rotisserie Chicken) ($17.95 for whole) - Great rotisserrie chicken and the house special. However, to me, roasted chicken is roasted chicken. My tummy room is better spent on the other 20+ amazing dishes! The chicken is served with 3 unique sauces though -- so that may set it apart from the your grocery store rotisserie.--Vegetales Salteados ($3.25) -- Side of red peers and whole green and yellow string beans. Stirred fried in soy sauce. Very Asian tasting -- but great compliment to the chicken.--Yuca Frita ($3) - About 10 large yucca fries fried to perfection. Center stays moist and light sweeten, outside is crispy but not too greasy. Whole bill for 4 of us was $85 (wow, right?!) including that sangria pitcher! Will definitely be back again. I see that they are applying for a liquor license -- so next time maybe they'll have even more tantalizing drinks to go w/ the great food :)
Unbelievably good! The rotisserie chicken was juicy, flavorful, and something I'm still crazing a week after eating. The ceviche, empanadas, yuca fries, and sangria also amazing. Went with a group of people and treated it family style, which I think is the best way to do it. It's like having tapas, appetizer sized, small portions. Will definitely be going back.
Although I prefer the sangria @ChaChaCha, I'd come back for the Rotisserie Chicken, Ceviche, Seco de Castilla, & Yucca Fritas yummmm!! The restaurant gets pretty crowded after 7:30pm so reservations are suggested. It's not quite a kid friendly place, but I am definitely coming back... definitely one of my newest faves!!! :)
I LOVE this place. The food is DELICIOUS, the Sangria is cold and yummy, and the prices are extremely reasonable. Don't forget to try the Lomito Saltado. Mmmm.
Limon is all about the chicken. The rest is just filler- some of it is good, like the yucca fries, multiple tangy ceviches. The chicken is herbed, tender and delicious dipped in the various sauces. If sangria is your thing, it's decent here, but I'd go with wine or beer. Timely service too, and you can look out the window and watch the sexworkers outside the corner store across the street. I heart the Mission.
Greeters made a big deal about our party needing to all be here. We had 3 people out 4! Food was cold, chicken was warm. Food is pretty good, but there are definitely other places to try. I am not in a hurry to come back.
Been here like 7 times..love the chicken and the sweet potato fries. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff. Sangria is pretty good although I have made some that's better.
Great food. Great service! The rotisserie chicken is excellent. The profiteroles are a must!
This restaurant motivated me to write my first Yelp review because it was that good. We had a large party there for dinner and the staff was very friendly and attentive. We did the pri fix menu however I am vegetarian. They said it would be absolutely no problem to accommodate me. Hands down, it was the best a restaurant has ever done in adjusting their menu for me. They brought about five heaping plates of food all for me. Needless to say there was enough food for our whole half of the table and we all shared it. After the other appetizers and my food, some of the table didn't realize they still had giant plates of chicken coming. There was that much food... And it was all delicious! Service was excellent, food was wonderful, Sangria was delicious, and prices are surprisingly reasonable. Highly recommend it!!
When I want Peruvian cuisine, I go to La Mar. When I am in the mood for chicken, I go to Limon Rotisserie. Me entiende?
Awesome restaurant and fairly priced. Go for the empanadas and sangria
Just went to this place for the first time over the weekend. A few friends came up from back home in socal so it was a given that we hit up SF for some fine dining. My friend mentioned that she wanted to try this place and, as I was looking up places to eat on Yelp, found the reviews for this place quite appealing. Thus, my expectations of this place was pretty high. I made dinner reservations for 9:00 pm and arrived promptly at around 8:50, checked in with the friendly hostess and she said to give them a few minutes in order to get us situated. "Sure thing. No problem. I'll just be waiting outside." As i was smoking a cigarette outside with my party of 6, there were quite some entertaining series of events that led to dinner which do not need to be further discussed. These "events" would never have happened if we didn't have to wait outside for such a long period of time. We weren't seated until around 9:45. What the hell is the point of making a reservation if they are going to make us wait an hour anyway?! At that point, I was super cranky because I was fucking STARVING and my fuse was burning every second they made me wait to get a table. Can you imagine being tortured by the delicious aroma of the roasting chicken when you haven't had a bite to eat since lunch? I will admit that I'm not the most patient person in the world but, in all honesty, I believe I'm entitled to bitch about the wait especially since I made prior reservations and haven't eaten anything since noon, no? Anyway, we finally get seated and I'm browsing through their menu and everything in their menu sounded amazing. I opted for the house specialty which is their rotisserie chicken and in my hunger infused stupor, ordered a whole chicken to myself which comes with two full sides which provoked some unnecessary comments from our waiter.. fucking asshole.. I was in no mood to take any jokes from nobody! I just wanted my goddamn whole chicken with a side of rice and salad. ANDALE! My other friends ordered the mixed ceviche and the tuna tartare for starters. Both were amazingly delicious but the ceviche with its ultra lemony tangy-ness hit the right spot for me. I am a huge fan of tangy, citrus-ey foods and man, it does not get much better than raw fish and calamari doused in sour, tangy, flavorful goodness. We also ordered a pitcher of their sangria and I must admit, that shiz was gooood...... It had a very light, sweet taste that went down like juice. yummm.. Word of advice: order the pitcher if you have a decent sized party. It's $25 and you get about 8 glasses worth which is a lot more economically sensible than paying $5 per glass.. you do the math.ENTREE: WHOLE ROASTED CHICKEN served with sides of rice and salad.I must say, despite the long wait and the waiter's unnecessary comments, once I took a bite out of that well seasoned rotisserie chicken. All was forgiven. Well, more like forgotten. x) The chicken was great and they give you a selection of sauces to dip your chicken with. All 3 sauces were fantastic. I am having a rather hard time describing the flavor of the sauces and trust, that's a good thing. You have to go check it out for yourself. NOM NOM NOM... The sauces were perfect for flavorfully lubricating the dry parts of chicken (i.e. breast meat). The dressing on the salad was also very delicious. It was kind of like a sweet Asian version of Italian dressing. ??? something like that. The rice, well what can i say about rice, being Korean i effing love it so I'll just leave it at that. Despite having a plethora of food in front of me, I had to try some of the other foods they had so I took my friends' offers and took a bite out of each of their meals. Their braised short ribs were amazingly flavorful and tender. Their Loma Saltado was also very flavorful but the portion seemed rather lacking. Lastly, my health conscious friend ordered this chicken tortilla soup. I must say, it didn't look very appetizing but it was fantastic! Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant. Their food tastes great, prices are relatively reasonable depending on what you order, and they have awesome sangrias. Oh, and in case all you readers are curious, I dusted my entire order of food: a whole chicken (8 pieces), sides of rice and salad, some tastings of other friends' meals, and 2 glasses of sangria... LIKE A BOSS. Couldn't breaf afterwards though.. worth ittttt
Whole chicken with 2 sides is a steal for $17.95. Enough food for 3 people. Our eyes were larger than our stomachs and we ordered ceviche and lomo saltadito AND the profiteroles.
Good food. Kids loved the chicken and fries. Sangria recommended. Limon has delivered consistently.
Love this place!I've been here three times in the past couple of weeks. Their food is GREAT! You have to try their Rotisserie Chicken and Lomito Saltado, Yuca Fritas and Sangria.The only downside is the wait time. We waited about 50 minutes this past Saturday around 4P.
Yawp 5 Stars. I ain't no snobbyass foodie like some of the folks up on here but I do like to eat good food.I asked my homie Suaro if he had a good recommendation for a restaurant that he frequents and he came up with Limon. So I made reservations for 9p. We got there around 8:40p and waited 5 minutes before we were seated. The place was packed on a Wednesday night. So since they got down with small plates, we decided to order 4 dishes to get a good variety of what they had to offer. We had the Half Chicken which was very tasty. And between the both of us, we kilt it. We also ordered Lomito Saltado, a popular dish in Peruvian cuisine which consists of top sirloin strips stir fried in onions, tomatoes, and soy sauce. My Peruvian student suggested I try the Jalea so I did. I was not dissapointed one bit. Who doesn't love seafood deep-fried to a crisp along with yucca and served with a creamy huacatay tartar sauce? The last small plate dish we devoured was the Chicharron de Pollo, a Limon favorite. Scrumptious pieces of crispy chicken marinated in soy sauce, garlic & aji amarillo, and served with salsa criolla. Hot damn! Every single dish was seasoned and flavored with enough goodness to satisfy my palate. You can bet I was a happy camper and I washed it all down with a caipirinha made to near perfection.Most excellent dining experience and I will be back!
Turned a up a little late after the fight.  Had to wait for 30 min which was fine, as the food and atmosphere looked great. Once seated though we were told that the chicken was no longer available (there famous dish). Very disappointed. That said all the other dishes we had were all amazing. Just need to work a little better on communication
Wow! For lunch, this place really impressed me.family style is the way to go. between the three of us, we ordered:1/2 chicken *came with sides:yucca fries, tacu-tacuceviche mixtocarne empanadaensalada rusaDELICIOUS...period!!!
This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. I love that the food is delicious, the wait isn't ridiculous, and it's not too expensive! :) Must order the Ceviche Mixto! It's so flavorful sometimes I don't let the waiter take my plate away because I love dipping the rotisserie chicken in the sauce! Also, I am a huge fan of the Chicharron de Pollo, I mean you can't go wrong with fried chicken. My favorite sides is the vegetales salteados & sweet potato fries. Please also indulge in a glass of sangria! :)
The food was excellent BUT This restaurant would have gotten a better review from me if it was not for the rude hostess. My friend and i arrived for an early dinner for two, and there were plenty of open unreserved tables upstairs for 2 people, but instead the hostess without an explanation or warning starts walking us in the direction of the bathroom and then leads us to our confusion to the 2nd floor basement where there are more tables, but no people, and it smells like disinfectant and no ambience. After sitting there a few minutes feeling as if we had been dissed by the hostess, we decided that we would go back up and ask to be seated in the warm and pleasant main dining area. She made a face at us, and a very charming waiter swooped in to save the evening and lead us to a table, and promptly served us drinks and a menu. We watched to see if she took anyone else down there, but she did not, until a very large party of girls showed up...which was understandable sine there would not have been room for them upstairs. Anyway, the roasted chicken yuca fries, and green bean side was yummy, as was dessert.
One of my favorite places to eat, though not that often, as my system can't take all the salt.Reasonably priced, always hot and finger lickin' chicken and beef (the sauces they offer would make a lump of coal taste good.), good sangria, and family friendly. Many a Sunday "night" (5:30 pm) dinner with the kiddos here.
This place is located in a out of the way residential neighborhood with no other commercial property which just ads to the allure of how ones feels when one approaches an oasis. The restaurant has soothing colors and light and the waiter we had was top notch, The food from the civiche, steak, and vegetables were outstanding in taste and texture. The price was very reasonable for the quality of the food. I look forward to coming to this oasis again soon.
My new favorite place to eat in SF. There is not a thing on the menu that I've tried that is not amazingly good. The food is inexpensive. A great place for many small plates and sharing. This is a great place to take someone from out of town.
OMG, loved this place for dinner even though they don't take reservations.It was a little like I was in that Seinfeld episode when they are at the Chinese restaurant...and I hope you know what I mean.Other than that, I am not even a bug fan of peruvian but I LOVED everything - the cerviche, calamari, rotisserie chicken with two sides (Yucca fries and tacu-tacu (beans and rice in a crab-cake form) and dessert. Corkage is only $10 but would also have the sangria - amazing!Best of all, the bill was SUPER reasonable :)
A little upscale casual..food is served in a small portion for the price expected as a full serving compared to others I have tried in the area..good food as well but don't serve enough for the price
Finally! Finally a decent pollo a la brasa in the bay area! I've waited sooooo long! The magic of Peruvian rotisserie chicken with fried yucca is something you can find in most other cities in America, and shockingly, was almost invisible is San Francisco. I'm happy to report, it's finally arrived.To be honest, I was hoping that this place would be a bit more informal, cafeteria style, ordering up at a counter. That would justify fast food prices and quick service. Limon Rotisserie is not quite like that at all. It's a fashionable, if minimalist, table service restaurant. The good news is that the food is excellent, really really reasonably priced, and the service, even after only 3 days of being open, was attentive and pleasant. Things to order:1. The chicken - there's no excuse to order anything else2. The yucca - again, no excuse.3. The beer - Cusquena is the national beer of Peru and it's a surprisingly awesome Carribean-style lager.4. Inca Cola - I actually hated this drink, it tasted like a dentist's flouride treatment. Still, it's authentic.
Limon Rotisserrie ROCKS!! This is one of my favorite value restaurants in the city because it offers high quality food at bargain prices! The last time I was here, I shared the halibut ceviche (fresh & tasty), 1/2 rotisserie chicken (juicy & tender), 2 sides (yummy Peruvian corn!!), lomito saltado (delicious!) and sangria. The bill for all of this food was less than $50 for two people!! The service was excellent and we never had to wait long in between dishes. Overall, a great place if you're craving some Latin flavor!
This review is for the 2nd time I had dinner there. 1st time to much Sangria and not enough food. We ate downstairs in our own lounge. The food was great Chicken tender and favorable better than Zuni Cafe. Yucca Plant good, French Fries with beef cubes excellent very tasty. The Sangria is good, but to much fruit in it, it gets to thick to much fruit chunks. The Staff if friendly and obliging. Good for groups or as a couple. I would definitely go back . The prices are reasonable as well.
Rotisserie Chicken!!! So flavorful and juicy. Plus, their cilantro/parsley dipping sauce is delish! They have a great Passion Fruit Mojito!
Had dinner w/friends here last Wednesday evening. It was surprisingly not too busy. Staff was very nice. Everything we had was quite good, including the sangria. The menu pretty much reminded me of the original menu of Limon quite a few years back, just smaller servings. The tuna tartare was great, as were the lomito beef, veggies and yuca. I thought the sangria was good but pretty significantly overpriced ($25). Since when should juice, fruit and wine cost more than a bottle of decent wine. With no sangria, the dinner would've worked out to under $20 per person (including tip & tax). With sangria, it was about $35 per person.
I was born and raised in Peru (until 2 years ago - in advance: please bear with my English :) ), so I can say that Limon's pollo a la Brasa is as good as the ones offered by the best "polleras" in Peru. It's very well seasoned, tender and juicy. Sauces add a lot to the dish as well and I'm totally in love their aj amarillo.I don't recall how many times I've been there, but I can perfectly remember the dishes I usually order:- Pollo a la brasa: it's a must in this place!- Yucca frita: love eating them with the sauces, specially with the one made with aji amarillo (yellow one). My hubs and I like spicy food, so we usually order another sauce made with rocoto to accompany the yuccas as well.- Cebiche: it's very fresh. Comparable with La Mar's cebiche.- Lomito saltado: meat is perfectly cooked and seasoned. We usually order a side of rice which is cooked with corn (peruvian corn is bigger and tastier). The whole thing is just yummy! - Anticuchos (beef heart): every bite takes me to my childhood when dad used to take my family to an old and traditional "anticucheria" in Lima downtown. Meat it's full of flavor! Read some reviews where people complain about the food being salty. Only thing I would said it's their palate wasn't made to eat latin american food, that in general is flavorful and spicy. So far for me, every dish we had was perfectly seasoned. Portions are small, but come on! dishes are fairly priced. I only wish the place was bigger so we wouldn't have to wait at all every time we go. But well, this place is so good that it wouldn't matter how big it is, I bet there would be always people waiting for a seat. Posting this review made me hungry, can't wait to go back to El Limon Rotisserie!
Service - 5.5 starsWe went there little after 8pm on a Sat. night and it was packed. The hostess told us that it looked like an hour wait. After 10 minutes or so browsing on menu and checking what people were eating, she came to us saying if we didn't mind to sit at the lounge, she could seat us right away. She took us downstair to show us the place and we loved it. It has couches and coffee tables. Very comfy. It's true that it would be little hard to bend/cut the food on a big plate but it's all tapas style so it made it easier. Waiters were very attentive and came back to check see everyone seated downstair. They had to carry plates of food from upstair to downstair all night long. Tough job but they maintained their manner through the night.Food - 4.5 starsMixed halibut&shrimp ceviche - Just the way I want it. The chubby corn thing took us a while to figure out what it is. The halibut is fresh. The shrimp is even better. Lomito Saltado - This is kinda fusion style thing. They use soy sauce in it. The beef is medium and it reminded me the HK western style steak on sizzling plate. (Steak on sizzling plate, with frieds on the side, and soy sauce like mixture on top.)Deep fried chicken - Chicken is well marinated. It's crispy but little dried (that's why 1/2 star off) but the lemon juice comes with it make it better.Deep fried rice&bean cake - Never imagine rice & bean can be prepared this way. It comes with two sauces; one is yellowish and one is greenish. Love both sauces and it almost goes well with everything on table.Parking - 3 starsIt's little challege to find parking but after a round on the block, we found a nice spot a block away. It's in a ok neighborhood in Mission so walking a block is not really a concern. Price - 4 stars3 tapas, 1 side, 2 non-alcoholic drinks - $40 something for 2 hungry people. Not a bad price for a dinner in city. Got to return to try the rotisserie chicken, dessert, and sangria. The downstair lounge is a perfect place for private party.
If you're looking for the best ceviche and/or rotisserie chicken this is the best spot in town. If you like to chat over dinner, early is better, the later it gets the noise level goes up.
I know that any restaurant is going to be busy on a Friday night so I made a reservation for my friend and I one Friday. I got there right on time though my friend was running late--Bart issues and stuff. They would't seat me until my friend got there. Why do restaurants have that rule of not seating you until the whole party is there? I freaking hate that rule. Did you reserve my table or what? Theoretically there should be an empty table with my name on it, waiting for me to make myself comfortable at it, but no. The curt hostess directed me to the bar, where there wasn't even elbow room for me. So I went downstairs and voila! Tons available tables taunting me. I don't understand why they felt the need to pack everyone upstairs, while downstairs was practically empty. Sure I was able to have sangria, but I'll tell you what: the only thing worse than a hungry customer is a drunk and hungry customer. That whole business accounts for one minus star. Fortunately the sangria was good and the friendly & cute bartenders helped earn back a couple of stars from me. Food was good to, though the portions could be a skoch bigger. And that's my two cents.
Love this place. Great service, value & FLAVOR.  Wish the menu was a bit more vegetarian friendly. Im not but my BF is. Boy cant eat the delicious roast chicken. Its sometimes a bit on the salty side. otherwise everything is delicious at Limon Rotisserie.
The Peruvian quintessentials are here: ceviche, empanadas, saltado, chicharron de pollo, and more. My boyfriend, a friend ,and some out of town guests visiting us while on their last leg of an 8 month trip around the world. We decided to meet them for dinner here despite some apprehension since they had just come from Peru a few weeks prior. I mean Calfiornia has fairly sophisticated and tasteful cuisine in itself why not just have that right? Well my other friends made the reservations so it was decided-San Francisco version of Peruvian cuisine it is! I decided to just go with it...and we ordered the ceviche de pescado y camaron, "Lomito" Saltado, Chicharron de Pollo, Carne y Pollo Empanadas, and their popular rotisserie chicken. Everything came out quickly, and each dish had it's own distinct flavor. The ceviche was fresh, refreshing and had the perfect acidity. The sauces sent with the seasoned rotisserie chicken complimented it perfectly. The chicken wasn't salty as mentioned in some of the reviews here. The empanadas which have always been my favorite as a child were :sigh: delicious and warm and filling and :sigh:...oh so good. Despite food coming out quick we lingered in the relaxing atmosphere and enjoyed ourselves for a few hours chit chatting and catching up. The next day I went home and told my mom how great this place was so we could try it out. Why? Because that's what I do when I've found a gem good enough to meet mom. :)
Even in a slightly hungover state I can remember how much I liked Limon. I was here with a couple of friends for my birthday dinner on Saturday (a whim decision because there was a 45 minute wait at Cha Cha Cha). While walking there from Cha Cha Cha wasn't the most pleasant experience (why do guys howl at girls? WHY?) we got there safely, and only had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated. Limon is small, but there is an upper and lower portion of the restaurant. I liked the bright colored walls (and how they matched the menu). We didn't think our waiter was a fan of our indecisiveness, and it made me feel a little guilty, so I took a star off. Started out with a pitcher of sangria, half a rotisserie chicken (with papas fritas / rice), ceviche de mixto, ensalada rusa, and seco de costillas (although we had asked for the Chicharron de Pollo). It was the perfect amount of food, but we did end up leaving completely stuffed. The sangria was good, but I haven't had enough to really compare it to anywhere else. It went great with the meal, and had just enough of a fruity flavor to not completely deter me from the red wine. I loved the selection of dipping sauces they brought out with the chicken, they were all delicious and i wanted to layer it on everything (especially the white one, but i'm not sure what it was exactly). The chicken was moist, and good, although we all had trouble trying to gracefully hack it apart amongst ourselves. The french fries looked like the kind you'd get from mcdonald's, but they were really crispy, slightly salty. . but good nonetheless. Was kind of taken aback over the fact we got short rib over a crispy chicken, but it was definitely a hit. The ensalada rusa was different -- lots of beets, not much else to be found (this is probably the one thing I wouldn't order again). I tried ceviche for the first time, but only had the bits of calamari. I really liked the flavor, but my friends said they have had better. Overall, it was a great, satisfying birthday meal...and I definitely will be back.
pretty much exactly like peruvian rotisserie i've had in miami -- same flavors. the aromas when you walk in is the same, the cooking preparation the same, all fresh. thus I was happy.however, i think they used excess salt, especially on the lomo saltado and the yuca frita. too bad there was no cilantro rice.shared half chicken with the 2 aji sauces (very nice) and yuca frita + sweet potato fries (ok not peruvian)ceviche mixto (classic with the peruvian corn, yam, and cancha garnishes)"lomito" saltado since it's a smaller portionchicharron de pollo -- fried chunksportion sizes much smaller from say Pardo's Chicken, the rotisserie chain from Peru now in the US, but prices reasonablealso, when I was talking to the bartender, I found out that it would be hard to find the other peruvian stuff I like such as pescado sudado, pescado a la macho, chifa, etc. in SF
My first time coming to this place and I wasn't impressed. I've had better Pollo a la Brasa in SF but I thought I'd give Limon a try. The chicha wasn't good, the ceviche didn't taste fresh and the servers never smiled once. The price is reasonable but not worth it if you're coming from the East Bay. I am Peruvian so I am jaded when it comes to my food. It will be a long while until I come back and give them another try.
Best chicken I have had. Great service and for under 20 dollars: you get a whole chicken and 2 side dishes...enough to fill 2 people.
Invariably, when I'm asked by out-of-towners where to eat in SF, Limon Rotisserie tops my list. I have yet to try Limon (Limon Rotisserie's more upscale sister restaurant) which has a slew of great reviews itself; frankly though, I find it would be hard to top Limon Rotisserie. I wandered into here for the first time without really knowing what to expect, needless to say, I was blown away and have been back many times since.  If you fail to make a reservation (I'd recommend doing so, although I've walked in twice without one with and only had a 20-30 minute wait - both occasions have been for a later dinner; I suspect during peak dining hours or with a larger group the wait might be longer) sidle up to the bar and start things off with a glass of their sangria (pretty standard, but good) or a mojito (their pineapple mojito is my favorite). A lot of mojitos run a bit too sweet, but the acidity of the pineapple juice helps to balance it out nicely.   As stated in many previous reviews, the standout dish here is their rotisserie chicken (its also been on the 7x7 list for 3 years running 7x7.com/big-eat-2011-100) . Succulent to the point of excess, with burnished crackly skin, my mouth begins to salivate just thinking of it. The herb paste under the skin may be a tad bit too salty for the taste of some, but personally I think its just right. Order a whole chicken even just for two people, its reasonably priced, and trust me, you'll want the leftovers.  The chicken comes with two sides, and three dipping sauces . I find the yuca fries to be the standout side; I've been somewhat underwhelmed by the others I've tried so far: ensalada, tacu tacu (fried rice and beans, kind of bland), vegetales salteados (very green bean and onion heavy, neither of which are my favorite vegetables, so I may be a bit biased). The ceviche here is alright, but not my favorite and remained relatively untouched when served with the chicken that unabashedly hogs the spotlight. [Side note: check out La Mar Cebicheria Peruana for top-notch ceviche/cebiche (and cocktails too, but that's another review).]The service here is good, friendly, and quick. I prefer the tables upstairs, as the lower level seems a bit cobbled together, it looks like there's a dance floor/lounge area on weekends perhaps, really either is fine, just a little bizarre looking downstairs. Bottom line: come here for the (whole) rotisserie chicken, a few drinks, and leave with a sated appetite and a ridiculous grin on your face. YUM.
Had to wait about 45 minutes on Saturday night, but got a spot at the bar and had some wine while we waited. They told us at the bar that we could order full menu there if we wanted but we opted to wait for a table.Had the hangar steak which was awesomebraised short ribs which were tasty but nothing spectacularceviche mixta which was very good tuna tartare which was phenomenal, perfect balance of fresh tuna and spicy sauce, with fresh crispy chips. YUM YUM.The yucca fries were fine, dipping sauces def nothing to write home about.they didn't charge me for my second glass of wine, which was nice.molten chocolate cake was UNBELIEVABLE.meal for two including all of the above: $42add two glasses of wine at the bar total meal comes to approx $69 with tax n' tip and such.
I'm updating my review and adding the extra star. I had lunch with my girlfriend for $30, including a glass of sangria, the cerviche cocktail, and loads of food! The chicken was juicy and delicious as always. I love the neighborhoody feel of this place, and the family sunday lunch atmosphere. I think this might be my new favorite local spot. mmmm
This Review is just about the restaurant's reservation service and not food.Sat night and called in to make sure we got a reservation for 8:15 earlier in the evening. Arrive at the restaurant at 8:17 with the full party and then they say they dont have my name on the list. Talked to the Host and Manager and they said that if you called earlier that day, all they could have done would have been put you on the waiting list. That response was totally different from what the person on the phone had said. I pull out my cellphone and show the call log and asked to make sure this was the right location I called and they replied yes. We said okay, we'll wait on the list and they said they'll do their "best" since they lost our reservation. They said 20 minutes wait. So we waited 25 minutes and asked again. They said another so sorry another 20 minutes. At the 55 minute mark after arriving still nothing.We gave up and left. Utterly disappointed with this experience.Also, during those same 55 minutes two different groups also came and asked about reservations and experienced similar reservation problems.Recommendation: Call twice to make sure they have your name reservation correct. Or don't go during peak times since they can't seem to handle reservations properly when they're really busy.
Yum! Ceviche Mixto, Lomito Saltado and Tuna Tartare blew me away! Till next time, Limon! :)
came back a second time with a group of friends. we enjoyed our sangria and scrumptious various plates. our server was attentive and patient with our request and splitting of the bill. my only complaint would be of the host that evening. she seemed irritated to be there to begin with, and she was often missing from the host podium as patrons were queuing around the entrance waiting to be seated. as the first representation of an establishment, the host should be pleasant and welcoming.
So I went with my co worker out this past Friday and we order two seafood dishes. The place was extremely busy and we decided to sit at the bar. As soon as our dishes came out it looked very nice, professional setting and etc. Then we were going to move to the second dish and moving objects came dashing across the table. I thought I was tripping because this place seemed clean and upscale. So I expressed to my friend that there is a roach on the table. He said no I am tripping. So I have a phobia of bugs... Even though I am African American with OCD (side thought). I was like maybe I had too many drink and was like ok lets continue eating... Then I saw two roaches. My friend killed them with a napkin and showed the bartender and he apologized... But still charged us our full bill. Are you WTH serious...so the lady at the bar was looking at us crazy and started looking at her food. The crawling substance...lol came from under the bar. I was ready to go. I left and as I was leaving the bartender was apologizing and trying to not look scared due to the extremely full ... As if he knew they had them... I was not going to post but I was amazed as he charged us for the meals that were not eaten or touched. Yelp is good for keep rating up. But honesty this was unpalatable.
This is probably more like 4.5 stars. The food was really delicious, the ceviche de pescado was super limey and flavorful, and the service was great. Best part, the price!I always like to know about pricing when picking a restaurant, so here goes. 2 people, we got:ceviche de pescado small plateahi tuna tartare small platehalf rotisserie chickenside of vegetales salteadosside of papas fritas1 glass of wine (i was working, couldn't drink :( )the total came to $35! We were totally shocked because we got so much yummy food for a relatively low price! I highly recommend Limon Rotisserie.
I usually like to go back to a restaurant twice before reviewing it, but last night's dinner at Limon Rotisserie was so amazing, I just can't wait. Five of us devoured 10 dishes plus rice, yucca fries, 2 desserts, wine and sangria for only 50 bucks per person. We rolled out stuffed and intoxicated not by the booze but by the mind blowing flavor of every dish - tender beef empanadas, juicy marinated sirloin, halibut ceviche, roast chicken, spicy sesame tuna tartare - all prepared to perfection. Even the dessert was impressive - the chocolate lava cake looked like what you'd expect in a nice restaurant, but the taste was a surprising perfect balance of not too sweet and not too chocolatey. To top it off, the service was friendly, enthusiastic and knowledgeable about the food. Definitely make reservations - this place is hoppin' on a Saturday night. I have found my food mecca!
At our table for eight, we had a few chickens, yucca, papas fritas, sweat potato fries, salad, hanger steak, tacu-tacu and some veggies. Everyone loved their orders. Two people per chicken with a couple of sides to share seems about right. If you come with a group of six-eight or more, ask to be seated downstairs. The seating is couches and low tables. Very cozy.
I had been craving yuka fries since my last visit to Miami. I was searching for a new lunch spot on yelp when I saw this place menu. Chaching, money! yuka fries. With no hesitation I went for lunch. Nice restaurant and priced reasonably. We ordered a whole chicken,yuka fries, ceviche mixto and Tacu Tacu. The yuka fries are just as good as the ones in Miami, the chicken is juicy and well seasoned, the ceviche mixto was awesome very citrusy. The most interesting thing we had was the Tacu Tacu, which is rice and beans shaped into a ball and deep fried, let me just say its was a new way for me to eat rice. Dam tasty. The service was awesome, all the waiters were nice and attentive. Over all its a great eat.
In a word: AMAZING. I went here for dinner yesterday w/ the hubby and we polished off every dish! I love chicken over any other poultry so this place was like heaven for me. The chicken was so moist and every bite was thoroughly seasoned to perfection. They provide you w/ a tray of dipping sauces, which were all so yummy so we mixed and dipped in all 3!  We started off with the vegetarian empanadas (thought we'd save the chicken for the main course) and they were very tasty. The mix of ingredients and the thin, flakey dough made the perfect combination. To finish, we got the chocolate cake and puff pastry dessert. After each bite, we couldn't help but talk about how good everything was. I've gotta say that this is my new favorite spot in SF... fresh & tasty food at it's best! We'll definitely be coming back... SOON! :)
Good price, the chicken is exactly how it is made in Peru. If you like Peruvian food, I would recommend Limon for the authenticity of the food and price.
I loved this place. We tried about half the menu and it was all delicious. I seriously don't even know how to critique it since it was all so good. If I had one complaint, I'd say that their suggestions of portions are off. The half chicken is maybe enough for two people, but definitely not 4.... unless you're ordering a bunch of things and just want a bite or two of the chicken.
I have since been back on various occassions - all with great experiences. All the food has been a wonderful dining experience, from the yuca fries, to the ceviches, the hanger steak, and, of course, the rotisserie chicken...Finger lickin' good and it's not even KFC...IT'S BETTER!!!! Don't forget the sauces...screaming!Service is wonderful...although, I recommend going early before the "dinner crowds" as they do not take reservations (since the last time I was there Easter time). However, they now have a lounge area downstairs which they will seat people in as well.Check them out again...gotta love them!!!
Great food. love the small plates.
Wow. The chicken was amazing and totally budget conscious! I got the full chicken with a friend, yucca fries, sweet potato fries, beef empanadas, and a really good blue inca juice. The total bill was under $40 and we were all stuffed. The leftover chicken the next day was amazing! The service was 3 starts -- we asked for the empanadas first, then the meal, but everything came out at once. We also had to wait about 30-40 minutes to be seated but that's just because the place is popular. Would definitely recommend.
Truly one of the worst restaurant experiences we've had in a long time. The food looked good, but we wouldn't know because the waitstaff turned our reservation into a debacle. After we were made to wait for twenty minutes, I went inside to speak with the hostess and was assured that the next available four top would be ours. Two minutes later, the hostess sat another party of four (who had come in long after us) at the table she'd promised to us. When I asked her what had happened, she looked surprised and asked "what's your name?" By then I was clearly frustrated and asked the manager when we'd be seated. Rather than apologize, he grinned patronizingly and told us to wait some more. We walked out the door. Maybe their chicken is tasty, but what's the use of good food if a restaurant has such poor management?
As a vegetarian, I made sure to check the online menu (on their website) to make sure they had vegetarian options. However, when I got there, there was only one vegetarian option besides salad, veggie empanadas. Not having vegetarian options is one thing but it should be represented correctly on their website. When I asked the waiter about this he scoffed and said that the website is just very out of date, without any sort of apology for the inconvenience. Then when I ordered fish (which I eat very rarely and only when there is no veggie option), he smirked and said that obviously I didn't need veggie food because i'm eating fish. Overall, a poor service experience. And, after all that, the food was just ok.
this place is the business!!! only been here twice but i know i will keep coming back for more. things that i have had and suggest that you get:starter:-ceviche pescado was so good! but smaller cuts (not less) would make it GREAT!small hot dishes:-hanger steak was pretty damn good... tender -braised short rib was a plate of fall-apart meat, potatos, and veggies ... tasty and heartyentree:-rotisserie chicken = flavorful, moist, delicious, the main event yo!!!sides:i like the rice and ensalada (good balance from all that meat!) fries were ok...drinks:take your pick... there's wine, sangria, peruvian beer, peruvian soda-pop, and a combo of fresh fruit juice/lemonadelimon is nice and cozy, parking isn't too crazy, the food is great, and prices are nothing short of reasonable and affordable. my girl and i can grub on some good food at a little trendy spot and walk out of there spending less than $50... what's there not to like about this place???
Best value for the money I've had in the city. Tuna tartare and ceviches are awesome, love the fried chicken more than the rotisserie chicken, lomo saltado is solid, and the sides are great too. Can't go wrong here.
Really delicious chicken and reasonably priced. The only down side is that the wait is long and there isn't much room to stand around, otherwise we had a really enjoyable night.
If sitting in something that looks like your grandmother's garage, redone with a coat of paint, and eating chicken doused in salt is your idea of fun, then go for it. Order the deep fried rice and beans and see how many windows you can break with the revolting balls that sit like bricks in your tummy. Better than Zuni's? Still laughing....
Yum-my! Everything we ordered, including the salad and veggie dish, was delicious. My palate was so satisfied that I wanted to return the next day for lunch. The prices were also overwhelmingly reasonable, and service was great as well. The decor is nice and comfortable with lots of sunlight. Next time we visit, I plan to order more of the same as well as the sangria that other reviewers mentioned.
This place was highly recommended, and I liked it but there are tons of good restaurants in SF. I had the Rotisserie Chicken and it was good but a little dry. In the future, if I want Peruvian I'll probably just hit up Fresca.
$25 each for our group of 11 to eat as much as we could, and drink sangria. Best pollo I've ever had, and the ceviches were exellent. Fun, hip place to dine.
Delightful! I went there for lunch with a friend and it was a perfect choice. It's got incredible chicken (as the title implies) and everything else was well done, as well. We ordered the whole chicken and split that - it comes with two sides so we got the Tuca-Tuca (the peruvian equivalent of arancini) with rice and beans inside and pickled onions garnishing the top AND the vegetales (these are amazing and a perfect balance to the pollo). We also overordered and got the chicken soup because of another review that I had read. The full chicken was more than enough for two people but the soup should not be missed. Excellent and subtle. Parsley, peas, chunks of chicken, great.  My only slight reservation was that our waiter did not know where the chicken came from and when I asked him to ask the cooks he never got back to me. I really hope that it's from a place like Fulton Ranch or something with healthy raising practices.
Their chicken is so outstanding ! What a tasty bargain. Service was so super fast yet friendly. I'm still dreaming about those yucca fries.
We get there at 6:30pm before the dinner rush and all 6 of us get seats right away. The smiley server gets to us with just the right amount of time for questions before we order. Our sangria pitcher and strawberry lemonade for the kids come right away and we all delight over how tasty they were. The food came at a perfect time and we were all blown away with the halibut ceviche, yuca fries, tacu-tacu, sirloin steak strips, the short ribs, and the rotisserie chicken that was so delicious. We ate to our satisfaction and the kids loved the food. It might've been the drinks at the start or the vibe of the whole place in general but we were beaming with goodness all the way up to the check, which was reasonable and well worth it.I highly recommend this place for a good energy, good food, good drinks, dinner spot in the heart of the Mission!
probably one of the best values ever. Half a free range peruvian rotisserie chicken that is moist, full of flavor and a delicious crispy skin. With two sides and two sauces for 9.50!IT IS BETTER THAN ZUNI's CHICKENWHAT! yea.. its so good i went two days in a row. second day i go the hangar steak and halibut and tiger prawn ceviche which was also a great value. service is very friendly and dont miss the inca blu ...a purple corn drink that isnt like anything i had had before.
This place has the BEST rotisserie chicken ever!!! Don't you just hate when chicken is dry and it tastes like rubber well not this place! The chicken is so juicy and tender that the pieces slide right off. The best part of ordering the chicken is that you get to pick 2 sides to go with it but its so hard just picking 2. when everything is sooo good. I love this place andI will mos def come back!
Very good experience, great atmosphere and good food. I really recommend the chicken and to order a some of their finger foods. I like the tacu tacu (like a bean and rice ball I think) their fried yuca is good and really in general really good. Wasn't too impressed by their vegetables but why order that anyway right? haha
My friends rave about the chicken here so I had to go try it- how good can roast chicken possibly be, if I can say so myself- I make pretty damn good roast chicken. :) The place was packed and I was starving and when we were finally seated, we ordered a feast! All the ceviches were great, we even got a free ceviche in a cup from the manager, we had the crispy fried chicken, the beef short ribs, yuca frita, sweet potato fries and a whole chicken. Everything was delicious, chicken was tasty and tender but nothing out of the ordinary.
I first tried Peruvian style Roasted Chicken in New York at Pio Pio. I thought that was the best ever... Limon is very close. Great food, good prices and best place to come with lots of people so you can share everything. Food comes out very fast after you order and almost all at once. However, the food is so good, you just chow everything down quickly. Definitely a place to go back to again and again. Already been here 3 times.
I'm loving that this place opened up on South Van Ness. It's a great edition to the neighborhood. The service here was great. Efficient, friendly, and very knowledgeable. Very over apologetic for not serving alcohol yet, but it is apparently going to be available withing a few weeks.I tried a variety of things ceviche, rotisserie chicken, and a steak dish. The ceviche had very solid flavor, but I wish I had a beer to kill the slight stomach ache it gave me. Since this place has rotisserie in its name, I expected some kick ass rotisserie chicken. It was decent, but not "this is the foundation of our restaurant" crazy good. The salad and vegetable side dishes that came with the chicken were just fair, very over salted. The amount of salt in the dressing on the salad made it almost in edible. The steak dish was very good, and seasoned perfectly. All said and done, I liked Limon Rotisserie, and we'll definitely go back. In hopes that it gets better over time.  And there ya have my boring ass review.
I love this place. The wait could be long on a Friday or Saturday night but if you can wait to have dinner around 9 there will be little to no wait. I eat here with my best eating pal (the bf). We usually get half a chicken, the tacu tacu and vegatales for sides, tuna tartare, one of the small beef plates and sangaria. The portions are good and their sauces go with everything. I'm always a happy camper after having some Limon Rotisserie.
We loved it, good food, people & atmosphere
I have become a big fan of Peruvian cuisine after eating at Limon... Their rubby red sangria was the perfect complement for the incredible burst of flavors we were happy to discover throughout an incredible meal, from the fresh Cevicheria to the Salsa Criolla drowned Jalea ... Next time, I will skip any introductions and go straight to the main chicken dish, the AMAZING Chicharron de Pollo- indubitably the best chicken recipee I have ever tasted! ...Limon is a "must try" for everybody who is not afraid of too much flavor and is looking for the perfect spot, away from the busy parts of town... The earlier in the evening you get there, the more the chances are that the place itself does not get too busy - as the night goes on, you will notice that the place has already become popular and that most patrons are not there for the first time...most likely, you will want to return, too...
was there on June 10th with 2 other friends, we waited 15 minutes for a table, several people had finished but decided to stay and chat. This place is too small to stay and chat, people have to eat and keep talk short so that others can enjoy the food. We tried to order 2 pollos while waiting and we were told our order would be taken when we sat down...when we did sit down we were told there was only 1 chicken left and it would be 1 hr before the next chicken was ready... most people go here for el pollo a la brasa, other people that came after us were told the same after they waited for their table and were not happy about it....not sure what management can do but if you are out of chicken by 8:30pm then you need to let the hostess know so that she can inform customers before they end up waiting in vain. We also got to see one waiter clean the table with his barehands, not a pleasant view. Someone the staff knew showed up and was seated at the bar, service got a little delayed because the social talk interfered with the speedy service. The chicken, yuca and sweet potatoe fries were good, as always but when we asked for a lomo saltado to go we got a tiny box with enough lomo to feed a child and it came without any rice......next time I'm going to lindo peru or el toro loco for my lomo, You can expect tiny portions from La Mar but come on this is LImon!.
Not that impressed with this place. Caveat to this review is we were a group of 10 for a birthday party, might be a different experience in a smaller party. Service: I honestly almost never notice service, and I usually find it odd when others comment on it. But at Limon I unfortunately noticed it. Our waitress was just never there. We were sitting for a long time before they came to take our drink orders. In addition to drinks, we asked for waters. They brought out about 3 waters, then seemed to have forgotten about the rest. We had to re-ask for the other 7, and then they never refilled the empty water glasses. The whole dinner felt really slow-- slow to show up at all, slow to ask for our dinner order, slow to check on if we wanted dessert or the check. Never asked about drink refills or how the food was. Just generally not around. Maybe they figured with a large group gratuity is included in the bill, so no need to bother doing anything? Atmosphere: this is most important to me in a restaurant. The upstairs section is really warm and has a nice vibe, but they seated us downstairs which is this big room that feels like a cheap nightclub. It felt like we were in a cellar somewhere, no atmosphere at all. This was probably because we were in a big group, atmosphere is much better upstairs. Food: the food was good. Yummy rotisserie chicken.
I went here on a recommendation from a friend and I love, Love, LOVE it! I think my exact words were, 'if taste buds dream of a heaven they dream of this place.' I ate at the bar and asked the bartender his favorite cold and hot dish was and he didn't go wrong. I had the Tuna TarTar, and the Steak dish. I can't remember the side that came with the steak but it was amazing! I am a fan for life! Thank you for helping me see that San Francisco has AMAZING food. Oh and for an added bonus, the people there are amazing both in and out. The patrons are great too! I met a new friend there that night. It's a new favorite for sure!
My strawberry lemonade was delectable... then I looked down and realized there was a little critter in there, fighting for its life as it was drowning. Granted it was a small bug but it seems like a nice enough restaurant to notice something like that. The waiter brought us another one...I had never tried Peruvian food but I was not impressed by this place. I don't know if I just don't like Peruvian food or whether it was the actual restaurant but we got the traditional Peruvian salad and chincharron pollo. The salad tasted exactly like potato salad from Safeway or something except it was pink and put on a fancy plate. My chicken did have a hint of spice but the waiter did not lie - it was not spicy. But it tasted like some typical hot wings (that aren't hot) from a ballpark stand or something. The only thing we were satisfied with was the strawberry and mango lemonade, minus the bug incident.However our waiter decided to charge us for both lemonades rather than letting atleast one be for free after the whole bug thing. Bad choice. We felt jipped and were left hungry afterwards...
Sometimes I need to gripe. This usually happens when people do illogical things out of sheer idiocy. So..we were a party of 18 and the you know how big groups are, people kinda just trickle in at different times. The hostess required us to have at least a majority of the people present before seating us even though we already made a reservation. This was understandable. What wasn't was the fact that when we had 10 people it still wasn't considered a "majority". And so this left 10 people waiting around the door with another large party of a non-majority 12 coming in at the same time. Smart? Me thinks not. Worst thing was when we finally had a majority and went down to the basement for seating, it was near empty!!! I reiterate: sheer idiocy. Okay gripe over, on to food. Apparently for large parties more than 9, you can ONLY order the prix fixe family style menu. This left much to be desired. We had ceviche, tuna tartare and a salad for the cold plates. And two types of chicken plus the stirfry beef and fries for hot plates. This was alright.. Nothing made me gasp for joy.
Have been there twice. The first time, the chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned, and based on that I would give it 5/5Tonight, the chicken was so amazingly salty, that we couldn't finish our food and left most of it there, so based on that would give it 1/5Averaging it to 3/5, because I am just hoping that today was an off night. Fun vibe there, and hope that they can be more consistent in the future because its a great concept.
Delicious food, wonderful service, great atmosphere! We tried both types of ceviche (tuna and halibut) and both were delicious. Chicken and yucca fries were really tasty too. We dropped in on Valentine's Day without a reservation and it was slammed, but the hostess and all the wait staff were so friendly and accommodating. They ended up setting up tables for people downstairs in the wine bar. Sangria was really good and a great value. We had a huge meal with drinks for under $50!
Yum! Like this place a lot. :) great Rotisserie Chicken.. love the dipping sauces.. tried the tacu tacu (rolled up beans and rice)- I thought it was good.. :D... then had the Yucca fries.. oOOooo :) reminds me if this fried taro thing at dim sum restaurants... and the Lomito Saltado was.. eh... the sauce it was in reminded me of Chow Fun. O_o haha.. and the meat wasn't really tender or anything.. The Mango Lemonade was awesome.. and uhhh... what else did I have Ceviche Pescado.. I've actually had better.. La Mar as AWESOME Ceviche... but this place is wayy cheaper.. the Rotisserie with two sides is a steal! Def coming here again and parking is easy.. and FREE!
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. The food is affordable and very tasty. I have taken almost all of my friends to this place, and they all share my enthusiasm. I always have to have the Ceviche Mixto, the 1/2 chicken and chicharron de pollo, ahhhh, and let's not forget the sangria. Everything tastes excellent.
A message to Limon Rotisserie: slow down with the salt, please. Everyone in our party of 4 found the salt content a little aggressive... even my fiancee, and she typically drowns her food in NaCl, so that's saying something.Otherwise, my previous review stands. The food is very tasty and the price is right. But god, I needed some serious hydration after the meal.
I've only ordered take out; I got the whole roasted chicken, sweet potato fries and yucca fries with tons of sauces. Food is great and very inexpensive! When your lazy to cook, come to limon rotesserie and get dinner!
I really like this place - I've been 3 times in the past 3 weeks. I like the simplicity and straightforwardness of it. They do a few things and they do them quite well. I've had the rotisserie chicken with sides of rice, vegetables and tacu tacu, which I learned was rice and beans together and a little crispy on the outside, almost like a patty (so good!). I've also had their ceviche - I felt the straight pescado was much better quality than the pescado and prawn mix. The lomo saltado is dreamy and it is the only time I will ever be okay with eating soggy french fries - somehow that makes it better!My only complaint would be that they've run out of their red wine twice in the 3 times I've been there and also that they only have 1 selection of red wine available - tempranillo is great but a little one note.
very flavorful chicken
Ceviche. Rotisserie Chicken. Inca Blu. As good as it gets!
We came here to check off the whole Rotisserie chicken from the 7x7 100 things to try before you die... the chicken was great, the staff and ceviche great... I'd recommend the restaurant.
love this place forever!
The chickens are tasty, but the small portions don't justify the ridiculous prices. I've had better. The restaurant inside is way too hot during the summer/ Indian summer. I felt like a rotisserie chicken sitting in a oven. Will probably never go back there again.
Amazing, reasonably priced and delicious small-plate Peruvian-esque dining. Think Spanish tapas, but with Peruvian dishes.The clientele errs on the side of upscale yuppie types, but the tables are spaced out enough to not leave you elbow-to-elbow with other diners and aside from a ridiculously tiny bar/waiting area, you are not at the mercy of other diners' conversations, no matter how animated they might become.The staff was attentive, knowledgeable and well-trained, with the owner out on the dining room floor assuring every guest's comfort and satisfaction.My only complaint was the RIDICULOUSLY priced Spanish wine. At $35/bottle it nearly ruined an otherwise spotless dining experience.
The prices in this place pushes it from 4 stars to 5. The chicken is delicious (along with everything else on the menu). The atmosphere is good - let's say "cozy". The sides are awesome and a go -to place for us when we are in the Mission. I like the Rotisserie not just because it is an inexpensive alternative to Limon, but the atmosphere is not stuffy - somewhat of a problem with the sister restaurant (for me).
Four star rotisserie chicken hands down. Great yucca fries. Great ceviche. Not so great crowded space.
3.5 food - Yucca fritters are the highlight of the place. Shrimp causa was interesting, and the ceviche was fresh (if heavy on the citrus), the rusa salad was OK, and the chicken was, indeed, tasty. Vegetales salteados were typical. Menu was short on vegetarian options.2 wine - Wine list was short, and underwhelming.4 ambience, space5 service - really thoughtful, helpful, timely service, despite moderate wait for table
I'm a huge fan of the Limon restaurant on Valencia street and never thought they had a sister restaurant that served chicken. A friend recommended it and I loved the chicken roast. It was juicy and tender. Their side offerings are also awesome. Friendly, neighborly service!
amazing food, had a large group with shared tapas, great way to try all that their menu has to offer. VERY yummy
good drinks good food good service. what would make me call it a five? maybe it could be more comfortable? the scent of food cooking could be another factor? but it is worth coming here over and over again.
Best chicken and some of the best Peruvian food I've had outside of Peru. Friendly, attentive service and incredible prices. This was such a great find, I'll definitely be going back!
It's on a grungy corner where other food establishments have died quick deaths but I think Limon will break that particular mold. Five stars for fantastic food and service, and good value for money for the quality. I had lunch there on a recent Saturday. To start I had a side of the yucca fries with the three dipping sauces - the yuccas were fried but not at all greasy and they had a lovely almost fluffy texture.  I also had one of the salads - the name escapes me, and that was delicious too. Kind of like a potato salad but with potatoes, beets, veggies in a mustardy, light, and very tasty dressing. Everything in the salad was cooked to perfection with nothing too chewy, too soft or not cooked enough. I also had the halibut and shrimp ceviche and I am craving it now as I write - the halibut pretty much melted in my mouth and the dish was very fresh and zesty.  Oh and I had a couple of mojitos which were big and sweet and hit the spot.
Excellent chicken, tasty et moist, as good as it gets
It's all about the chicken, baby! Came here on an off night and sat at the bar. I was beyond starving since I had not eaten all day. Ordered 1/2 chicken, sweet potato fries and veggies. Chicken and veggies were damn good. Sweet potato fries were just that...sweet potato fries. The sides of dipping sauces were yummy...I cannot remember which one I liked the most though. Had a couple of glasses of sangria to go with it and it was all to the good. Prices are reasonable. I'll definitely be back!
We finally made our way to this Limon after rocking up to the old (now closed) restaurant - despite not being told this when called earlier to check opening times.Cheap, small, tasty, Peruvian tasting plates, designed for sharing make this place a refreshing change to the regular jumbo servings most restaurants serve.The menu is somewhat limited, but thankfully the helpful wait staff steered us towards some tasty combinations. On the plus side, they do have a good selection of Peruvian wines and beers.Liimon doesn't take bookings, so be sure to get in early.
It's a bit too fried for my taste. The food is good though. We lost a hat there unfortunately. It's a great deal in price for the food portions.
Went for dinner a few weeks ago with a friend who considers it one of her go-to places when she's being economical. Sounded great to me!And what a treat it was! Got there in the rain, late for our rez, and they seated us pronto. Went downstairs and at first I was afraid it would be like eating at the kids table-- out of sight of the action, etc. But it was great! Quiet, very good service. And AMAZING, well priced food. The chicken? Awesome! The veggies sides? Yum! I'd go again in a heartbeat.Plus really, really nice vibe and staff. (I give 5 stars for very good food served by a very friendly staff with a great attitude. Who cares if the food is out of this world if the people running the place are unfriendly or too-cool-for-school about serving you???)
One of my absolute favorite restaurants in the city. Chicken that is INCREDIBLE and a great atmosphere with fun staff. Yummy sangria too!I go here about once a month and have yet to be disappointed. Great place for family or friends.
I do like this place - especially their sangria and ensalada russa - but I literally feel like I've been to a SALT LICK every time I walk out the door. And I'm more of a salty/savory gal than sweet, but the chicken is almost too much for me here. Thumbs up on the dipping sauces and friendly staffers (some of 'em).
The food was great as usual. Only down side is that the place was pretty crowded and it was really hard to get a hold of our waiter when we needed him.
Got the roast chicken which was tender and flavorful. I like my food a bit salty and it worked great for me, but I can see how most people may have found it to be on the salty side. The sangria was arright, as were the yuca and the regular fries. We also ordered sauteed veggies that were really good as well. Food and service were both great!
Everything that we had was fantastic, the atmosphere was nice and fairly simple. They really made the food the centerpiece. Definitely will be returning.
This place was ok. The chicken was a little salty for my taste but not too bad. The sangria was a bit watered down. But I loved the hominy side they have as well as the yucca and sweet potato fries!
I don't get why people are raving about this place. Prices are good, the ceviche is great (and reasonable) but seriously the chicken was just okay, nothing amazing, plus there were not so many appealing options in the menu... maybe 3.5... The bartender who took care of us was really nice, and gave us a free drink (I did not really get why but it was nice ;)...
I love this place but dear god: do not, under any circumstances, be convinced into eating in their new dining room downstairs. Cold, damp, utterly uninspiring.
I loved everything we ordered.. a definite revisit soon, possibly tomorrow! I must say that we ordered the half rotisserie and finished it and ordered another plate of it.
me likey the empanadas.
So worth all of the hype- really. It's been over two years since I had been to the old Limon for my birthday, and the memories of the phenomenal ceviche were going to be hard to beat. Every time I've been on a walk by, the lines are ridiculous- so I recommend getting here early, like 6-7 or so. There were maybe 6 other tables occupied- and it beats having to yell across the table. I love the light ambiance in here- especially the loungy wall seating. The service was really good- they were always trading out our old plates and silverware, an added detail that makes the whole experience that much better. We started off with the pitcher of sangria (#2 to Cha Cha Cha's I think), the halibut ceviche and the tuna tartare. Both were outstanding, flavorful and fresh- soo good. Usually I don't ever order chicken- anywhere. It's like salmon- two entrees that I can do myself with relative ease. BUT this is a "rotisserie" so you have to, period. It delivered on all levels...aromatic, tender and crispy all at the same time. The carne was also an stand-out- melt in your mouth tender served with this fried ball of mixed rice and black beans which was interesting. It was a little on the cold side, but good enough to forgive it. The vegetables are just well, seasoned mixed vegetables- nothing noteable. Now the Yucca fries- amazing. They are delicate, non-greasy and utter perfection. The best part is that they are super affordable on a budget- and I'm so lucky it's within walking distance- I'll be back for sure.
All the great reviews are justified! On top of the amazing food (yes yes yes to rotisserie chicken), the service was great! We also had 2 kids with our party, and they love the food and atmosphere even on a Friday nite! Definitely going again!
This place is good. We got the half chicken, the tacu tacu, lomito saltado, and yuca fries. we weren't such big fans of the lomito saltado. We thought the dishes were a tad salty, but it's a fun affordable place to enjoy as a group.
Wow truffle mac and cheese? Superb!
I've eaten there before and the food was tasty. I went there last night, calling ahead first for a table, and was told we could be seated in 15-20 minutes. An hour later I was told it would be 20 more minutes for a table. There were empty tables, but they still kept a bunch of parties waiting at the door. The host was terrible, we left.
First Yelp review ever. Went here on a Saturday night with my pal Stefanie and wow - was this food yummy! From the sangria and the mojito to the dessert, it was fantastic. The ceviche mixto, the veggie empanadas and chicharron de pollo were all great. The lomito saltado, though, was divine.Service left a bit to be desired - our waiter went missing for about 30 minutes, but we weren't in a hurry so it didn't bother us. Plus, the bill for the two of us was less than $80 with drinks and dessert. What a deal!Will definitely be coming back here.
Not your mom's roasted chicken. I haven't been this excited about chicken in a long time. We also had the ceviche mixta and the lomito saltado. Every morsel was a taste treat. Can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu! Make sure you sit upstairs. Much cozier atmosphere.
This place is jamming there is a little bit of a wait, however the food is very rich and tasty. The ceviche and chicken with veggies are just to die for really recommend to try it out for a date or family dinner.
Let me preface this review by saying: the food is actually really good. My one star is because their service during my last trip was horrible. I live half a block away so I've been here a few times. Once with a large group of friends (that experience was fine), once with my partner for dinner (not so great because the downstairs is ridiculously loud), and a few times for take-out (this is by far the worst experience). The other night I was craving some late night mac and cheese and placed a take out order. They told me it would take 20 minutes. I showed up after 20 minutes and went to the bar. The bar wasn't actually that crowded, I was able to grab a seat. After the bartender was done flirting with a female patron I told him I was picking up an order and he handed me the check. $6.80. I gave him $7. Now, I get that 20 cents is only 20 cents. I actually had every intention of tipping him a couple of bucks once he gave me my change. But instead he took my money and didn't bother giving me my change. I thought maybe I short changed the check so I asked him how much it was to confirm. Apparently, the bartender thought I was tipping him the 20 cents so he didn't bother giving me my change. This is what actually bothered me. It wasn't the 20 minute wait for mac and cheese. It wasn't even the additional 10 minutes I waited at the restaurant. It was the fact that he felt entitled to my change, even though he wasn't. Maybe I'm missing something, but I've always felt that proper etiquette was to give the customer their change, no matter how small. I guess in the end that saved me a couple extra bucks because, needless to say, I didn't tip him after that. And to be perfectly honest, I've always felt a little bit of a negative vibe whenever I go there. It's very obvious that I'm gay, and my partner and I have always disliked the underlying attitude given to us when we go there. Not sure if it's because we're gay, or if it's because I look like I don't have a lot of money (I wear t-shirts, jeans, and sneakers). Either way, it's extremely off-putting.
This place rocks, from the chicken to the yucca and the ceviche. its all glorious,i wish the servings were a little bigger along with the space. The sangria is good as well, i will definately be coming back to limon.
I have never written a yelp review before, but I had such an awful experience at this restaurant that I felt totally compelled to do so. Let me start off by saying that I hoped to love this restaurant. I ate at the other Limon quite often and always enjoyed it. Also, I only live two blocks away, so I was so excited to have such a quality restaurant in my neighborhood. Our experience began when I entered during a clearly busy time on a Sunday night. After we put our name on the wait list, we went up to the bar to order a glass of wine. That was when we were told that they were OUT OF RED WINE. Shortly after, we were seated. We asked our server, who was great, if we could go grab a bottle at the nearby liquor store since they were out, and she told us of course, of course. So I actually left during dinner to go out and get wine for us...We had a lovely dinner. The food was amazing! Then the bill came and we were charged $10 for a corkage fee. While we didn't really care about the money, and even find $10 a reasonable charge for corkage, we still couldn't help but feel slighted. I asked our server who went and got a manager. Things got worse. He came over and aggressively and defensively asked what our problem was with the bill. We said we were uncomfortable with the fact that we were charged given the circumstances. He proved to be very unreasonable and actually rude in discussing it. I left offended, more so from his attitude and the way he attacked us. He was so unaccommodating and clearly cares much more about profits then he does about his guests having a positive experience. Maybe he got our ten dollars, but he won't get our patronage.
my friend lives 1/2 a block from this spot, i can't believe it took this long to eat here. the rotisserie chicken was delicious, and definitely worth another visit.we did see a cockroach climbing on the wall, which totally freaked out the girl i was with. luckily we were done eating and waiting for the check. when we told the waitstaff why we were freaking out they kept suggesting "are you sure it wasn't a spider?". dude, i saw it you didn't.the sangria was also delicious.
Great food, very friendly staff, very fast in food preparation. Beyond my expectations.
Went here last night and was pleased to discover that they have opened up their basement on the weekends. It has the ambiance of someone's funky/disco-y basement -- an underground disco cafe, if you will. Kind of weird, kind of fun. A dj with amazing restraint (e.g. tolerable volumes) spun some wax, er, plastic, and the food was good. Excellent chicken, as always, tasty ceviche and delectable sides. With the expanded seating, you now have no reason not to go check it out!
This place is technically not a 5 star but it has 5 star flavor. I've been here at least a dozen times and hope to go a dozen more.
maybe it was because of the the two pitchers of sangria, but limon rotisserie tasted better than usual. the food was on the salty side, but was a big hit.ask for extra green and orange sauce to go with these dishes:-ceviche de pescado y camaron -pollo-yuca frita-tacu-tacu-lomo saltado
The first two bad impression almost make me stand up and leave the waiter who sitted us was super rude i said mmm it's smell like roasted chicken and he replied to me: WAIT FOR YOUR WAITER and didn't say anything else ... Then they brought us the cups with water and mine had pink lipstick ...The food was excellent however when unfortunately that rude guy came to check on us and I asked him for mayonaise and ketchup for my daughter's fries he said: THERE IS YOUR SALSA FOR THE CHICKEN WE DON'T HAVE MAYONAISE OR KETCHUP.... i will go back again but hopefully we don't get that guy again if not I will say something.... or may be not coming back again.. I had a better experience at El Inka in 30th and Mission.
I miss Limon. It was, hands down, my favorite restaurant in the city. That being said, Limon Rotisserie is good too. Their menu is not as extensive and doesn't have a few of my favorite things but the ceviches are there, which is what matters because they are SOO good. I came here when they first opened and were still finding their footing but I've since come back and they are excellent. I don't know if it's new but they've even opened up an additional "lounge" area downstairs for additional seating, and lounging, of course. It's a really comfortable area to sit and good for kicking back after eating all that tasty food. I would imagine that it's a good place for a date too, as each couch area is pretty private. Anyone who brings me here would get a kiss for sure!
As every other reviewer here says: THE FOOD! Hands down. Chicken, with sauteed Vegetables and rice. Can't ask for more. I've been there 5 times and I'm looking forward to going there again very soon.Advice: Don't go on a Fri,Sat ... unless you know the manager, you won't get a table for another hour ... go in the middle of the week, when you can walk in and out in 30 minutes and have a great meal for a great price!
My gf and I had dinner here last night for the first time after learning about it on yelp, and were so happy with the food! Good, good stuff... We ordered a half rotisserie chicken and an order of short ribs, to share, and each ordered a glass of wine. Including the sides of white rice and sweet potato fries, and the side sauces provided, we couldn't even finish our dinner. I felt the prices were reasonable, and the service was pleasant (the rude hostess that other reviewers have mentioned was apparently off last night-- we didn't get to meet her!). Definitely recommend it, and we plan on going back.
Forget La Mar Cebicheria , this is the place for Peruvian food.Went there with my wife for dinner. We started with the Ceviche Mixto which was a great start--perfectly marinated halibut. shrimp and calamari. Better than any of the ceviches in the sampler at La Mar, or possibly any other civeche I've had.Next up was a sort-of stir-fry mix with steak, veggies and fries in a soy sauce. Yes, fries in a stir-fry--how great is that! Very tasty, I can assure you, and tender falvorful beef to boot!We finished with the rotisserie chicken and a side of tacu tacu, which our server explained was beans and rice. Okay, I have to say that I wasn't too excited about the beans and rice but, okay, need some starch. Oh..my...garsh! The spices in the tacu tacu were incredibly tasty, possibly our favorite item of the night. And that's saying something given how incredibly the chicken was--which was wow! Tasty, tender, juicy, awesome.And the kicker is that each dish was less than $10. Incredible value. Tasty food. Friendly service. Succulent sangria. And easier parking than elsewhere in the Mission (at least when I went).
I love the food at Limon rotisserie, and I also love the prices. The specialty rotisserie chicken is definitely the best I've had, with amazing Peruvian spices. The side dishes are very unique regional delicacies, like tacu-tacu, yuca frita, chocles (large corn on the cob). The ceviche is top notch also. The service is great, the ambiance warm. We order take-out when we feel the urge coming on but don't want to deal with the wait.
The ceviche was good, the impenada was great but the chicken was surprisingly just "ok". Get there early as the place fills up. Price is good for the quality, just wish the chicken was a world beater, which its not..
I don't eat meat, but do eat fish. The meal I had was spinach empanadas and the ceviche. It was presented beautifully, and delicious. The most surprising thing, however was the recommendation to have a non-alcoholic beverage called Inca Blu. It is made from blue corn, and is full of antioxidants. It was an absolute treat! Make sure you have some. :)
Very tasty rotisserie chicken and delicious yucca fries. I cant wait to try more off the menu. 10 bucks here will fill you up with good food.
The rotisserie chicken is amazeballs, and the lomo saltado is to die for!
Came here around 1 to meet a friend for lunch, and twas as good as I remembered it. The anticuchos (beef hearts) are some of the best I've ever had: Perfectly chewy and cooked to perfection! I wish we lived closer to this place, but plan to go back very very soon...
For a shi-shi Peruvian rotisserie this place really has it down! Chicken is unbelievably delicious albeit a bit too salty for some (I actually love the seasoning on the chicken here). Their aji is really great as are all of the sides and the best part is how reasonable the prices are.
making a reservation (open table) was a breeze. we were seated promptly and the servers were very pleasant. this was my first time here so this review is for the lomita saltado. in retrospect, i probably should have stuck with the rotisserie chicken. however, lomo saltado is my favorite peruvian dish so i had to try it.i think some food is better left un-fancy. such as burritos and chicken/waffles (c/w at bouchon was gross). the lomita saltado at limon was tasty, but i didn't get the same satisfaction as at pollo inka, my favorite pervuian place in torrance. a feeling often experienced after inhaling large amounts of pollo asada fries after a late night. the portions here were really small, and there wasn't much potato in the shoe string fries. i'll definitely order the chicken next time.
FOOD: Portions are small. Half way through the meal, we had to order more food. Small, but tasty menu selection ranging from chicken and steak to seafood. Biggest complaint? Everything had way too much salt, especially the rotisserie chicken and fried calamari. The salt became the conversation of the night. If it weren't for the excessive use of salt, I would have rated this place 3 stars, 4 stars if it were authentic Peruvian cuisine. This was more like "Peruvian meets new age fusion", as their shirts so eloquently put it. My arteries ached after eating there. LOCATION: This place stands out like a sore thumb. It's right across the street from a liquor store and is the only eye pleasing thing in that neighborhood. There were cops arresting people just a few yards away when I went on a Tuesday night. The empty 32 oz beer can on the doorstep of Limon Rotisserie probably belonged to them.SERVICE: Service was good. They were attentive and friendly, even though they sat us in the middle table, which happened to be directly in front of the front door from which a cold draft came blowing underneath the closed door. We ended up having to move to a different table in order to avoid frostbite. PRICE: 5 of us ate for about $75 ($15 a head, not including tip). Not bad, but I expect to leave full and content for $15.
I came here recently for my brother's birthday. I've heard many great reviews about Limon in the past & I've always wanted to try it. A group of 10 came on a Saturday night & of course .. its going to be packed in this small restaurant. Since our party was a bit big, we were seated downstairs in the lounge area, which was pretty cool. Service was kindof slow for our group; we had to track down our waiter to order & get the check. As for food, it was delicious. We ordered the rotisserie, ceviche de camaron y pescado, pollo empanada, sweet potato fries, & sangria. The chicken was cooked perfectly--there was no dry meat at all. The ceviche was pretty good; it wasn't super fresh, but it was still up to my standards. The empanadas & sweet potato fries were good as well. Sangria was okay; I wasn't too fond of it. I kindof tasted a bit watery. Their aji sauces are delicious; they go good with almost anything. I am pretty satisfied with my first visit to Limon & I will be coming back when its a bit less crowded for more delicious Peruvian food.
This is seriously the best, most addictive roast fowl I've ever eaten in my life - and I love me some fowl. It's always crowded - we went there at 3:30 on a Saturday once and had to wait 30 minutes for a table - but it's so worth it.  The yucca fries are equally good and I recommend them as a nice complement to the chicken. You'll leave there euphoric.
We came here one night when it was late and the place wasn't so crowded because we got a table right away. We ordered a variety of dishes, including the hangar steak and the yucca frites. Luckily, they still had the roasted chicken, so we got some of that too (I hear that some nights they run out if they have been very busy). The food was all really tasty and reasonably affordable. I would definitely go back again with friends and get a lot of plates to share.
We really enjoyed our experience here last night. The service is great, the wine was delicious, the food was great, and it's affordably priced. We tried two ceviches - I really liked the mixto, so flavorful, the chicken nuggets, which were fabulous, the grilled shrimp, which tasted really fresh, the beef heart, the stirfried sirloin, which was very tasty, the fried yuca, the sauteed veggies, which were yummy, and of course the roast chicken, which I loved. Highly recommended! No reservations and was packed on a Sunday night so plan to enjoy some drinks at the bar or get there early!
I've been once and I can't stop thinking about this spot. As soon as I get a life again I will treat myself to some freaken good chicken, sauce galore, veggies, ceviche, sangria... I want it all!
I know better next time.Next time, I will call ahead to be placed on the wait list.Next time, if I can't get a decent wait list spot, I will make a massive take-out order.Either way, I'm not going home without some of Limon's delicious chicken. I could probably not finish more than a quarter but the best deal is really the half or whole, because seriously... could eat that stuff for a week. A little salty, it's perfection with the mint sauce and some arroz for a side. Love the yucca fries, especially when dipped in the mysterious yellow Peruvian spicy sauce, yumm. Average price per person for just the chicken meal is about $7 to $10 depending on how much you order and if you have any extra side orders. Add a pitcher of sangria, which serves about 6 glasses, is an additional $25 to the total bill; if you're dining at Limon, I think it's a worthwhile try versus water.All in all, an enjoyable experience... save the wait.David C., I am sorry that my roommate and I tortured you with claims of short lines and quick visitor turnarounds. We should have known better; but it was worth it, no???
we had a group of 11 so we pretty much ordered everything on the menu. lots of selection. a couple of the dishes were a bit salty but overall everything was delicious. the chicken reminded me of nando's in london. the sauces were really good but the chicken was too salty. the ceviche came with roasted corn niblets that tasted like corn nuts (good!) and a small cob of gigantic corn (not good! kind of looked like mutated corn). the ceviche was overall tasty but not memorable. we also had a beet salad that tasted like egg salad. notable were the shrimp skewers, short rib, and yucca. i love that we got to try everything. The highlight: Sangria! This place has by far the best sangria I have ever had. It was so smooth and flavorful. It's a definite must try here. tapas for big groups can go both ways. great way to try everything but it does get expensive and the portions are small.
i love love love this place.anywhere you can order a whole, delicious, peruvian rotisserie chicken for $17 is going to get 5 stars from me. not to mention all of the tapas style dishes i've tried here are also delicious (and cheaper than andalu).i've been here a few times now and i've figured out the best way to order (at least for me) here is: -chicken to split (depending on how many people you're with it usually goes 1/4 per person)-a few tapas (also depending how many people you're with, you can usually get 1 tapa to split between 2 people)-mango lemonade or the sangria (Yum!)-yucca fritas (so light and fluffy!)-maybe tacu tacu if your'e feeling hungry, and saucy.and always ask for extra dipping sauces! you'll want to try it with everything!service is also great. just make sure to try and get here early!
Always delicious! Great value too.
Nice ambiance, decent parking. Good service. Great food. Amazing desserts.Went with friends and shared small plates. - Mango lemonade = yum! (i'm kind of a mango snob)- Ensalada a Rusa. I don't usually like potato salad but this was good stuff.- Seco de Costillas. Very nicely cooked. Tender meat, great flavors.- Yucca Fritas and Papas Fritas- I love Yucca :)- We also got the rotisserie chicken which my friends liked but I did not try.- Desserts: We had one of each. They were amazing. The Torta de Frambueses was divine.
Keeping this short and sweet.LOVED: chocolate dessert - souffle like with fried bananas. simple? Yes. but oh. so. good.Sangria. BEST. SANGRIA EVERthe gay host who hit on my friend the whole time. First time in my life I got boxed out by a guy.Great price for quantityNot so loved:Tiny place, you get pretty close to your neighbor diners. Crowded with no wait area.
Their chicken is REALLY good and all the side dishes (specially the yucca fries), although sometimes it can be a tad bit too salty. You know, that 'can't -freakin'-take-my-ring-off-my-fat-fingers' salty. But it's all good, I found the solution! Their super yummy 'crack-sangria' washes all that salt away, and will leave you warm and happy...ahhh sangriaaaa
I had dinner at the bar last night with some friends and enjoyed this experience. Eduardo was our host, very knowledgeable on Peruvian cuisine and guided us through the right choices on the menu. The ceviche is not to be missed, very fresh and lime-y. When they get their liquor license next week, this will be a regular stop for me. Will be nice to sit at the bar and have a glass a wine with a great meal. I also recommend the pork tamale, the stir fried veggies ( a little odd and out of place on the menu but still good), of course the chicken is a show stopper. I'm a fan.I should add, I'm typically very salt sensitive and rotisserie is usually very salty. I had no problems with this chicken. Very tasty and not too salty.
Wow this chicken is freakin' saltier than I remember. I ordered a whole chicken, but happened to the breasts?The Sangria is too sweet for me. Maybe my palate has changed.Service is still good. Nice hostess...very easy on the eyes. Place has a good vibe. Conclusion: I'd still go back
The whole chicken and the caipirinha were delicious. However I was a little disappointed with the desserts.
Their menu isn't very big but that's ok because it leaves for quicker decision making. The fries are not special but put it in the sauces and they are delicious. The Yucca fries are good. Their soup is delicious and so is their chicken. The atmosphere is inviting and seems a bit more upscale than it actually is. Services is good and the prices are a bit on the expensive side but still decent. Go with a group of friends and share some fries and appetizers before a good night of dancing.
the chicken is amazing! the sauces are so delicious! the food and service were both excellent. try the yuca fries!
Loved it. LOVED IT! 3 people, 4 beers, 3 glasses of wine, enough dishes to fill us all up . . . $35 per person, tax and tip included. Plus really friendly and attentive service. Plus a nice decor. Plus a neighborhood I always enjoy. Oh yeah, and the food (cevice, lomo saltado, yucca, a few other things I've forgotten) was awesomely tasty, and I haven't even tried the chicken yet!!!!
I've been here about 4 times now and it's absolutely delicious! The yucca fries are the best. The chicken is actually really good if they don't put too much salt on it. I read a bunch of reviews complaining about how salty it is and it's kind of hit or miss. There was one time that it was soooo salty I could barely eat it but the other times it's been fine. They don't have a big menu so it isn't hard to try everything especially if you go in a big group. It's all tapa style so you need to order a couple of dishes a piece with the exception of the chicken. I've also tried their lemonade, mango & strawberry and those are a bit on the sour side. Desserts are OK as well. Service is great though!
Came here with my guy friends, good times ensued. We were seated downstairs, which was a little loud and had a reddish lighting scheme going on, but the downstairs definitely seemed much more casual/fun than the upstairs. Chicken was very good, I really liked the yucca fries and ceviche, and the sangria! One friend drank so much sangria that he almost fell off of his seat, and asked me as we were leaving the restaurant, "Was the food good? I don't remember anything I ate." So get the sangria, but don't drink so much that you don't remember the good food!
so good! stick to the theme though, rotisserie or grill, it won't disappoint. hanger steak and rotisserie chicken is bomb! between zankou chicken and this place.....i choose LIMON!
Repeat visit to a favorite of "The Joy"! Chicken is delicious, sides are wonderful. Hot apps were super. I encourage you to visit when you are in the Mission. Enjoyed a late lunch no dinner tonight!
the glowing reviews this place received is well deserved. i left feeling completely satisfied and even better because it didn't burn a hole in my wallet. between the 8 of us, we shared 2 pitchers of sangria, two whole chicken which comes with two sides each and a couple of other small plates (the vegetables and the tiger shrimp were my favorites) and it came out to $20/person which is just ridiculous considering the amount of food we ordered and that we were all stuffed afterwards.i don't have any complaints about this place (obviously given my five star rating) and i'm still thinking about the chicken even a day later. just know that they don't take reservations so expect a long wait on a busy night but it is well worth it. you definitely leave feeling that it was worth every penny and how often does that happen in sf?
The restaurant is very small so it's very crowded. The chicken was very tasty. The waiter was kinda rude. We had reservations for 15 but still had to wait for people to finish eating so they could set up the our table. We had to wait another 30 minutes. The food was cheap : ) The sweet potatoes fries and the ceviche was good. The sangria was ummm there?
One of the benefits of the economic down turn has been the boom in places like this where you can get an affordable, quality meal. The food is great and quite reasonably priced. We enjoy getting it as take out although confess this means we haven't tried the ceviche yet. The rotisserie chicken is our staple - moist, flavorful and tender without being greasy or too heavily salted. The dips that come with it are really nice. Service is wonderful - always very friendly and right on time whenever we have asked for take out.
The original Limon on Valencia is/was one of my favorite restaurants and I've celebrated many a birthday (mine and others) job promotion, etc. there - whatever excuse I could find to taste their wonderful scallop/foi gras app and tasty seafood entrees. Well, Limon had a fire and nobody knows when they will reopen. I noticed a new Limon on South Van Ness and had been meaning to try it. Stopped in for an early NYE dinner last night.I was more than a little dismayed to find out the menu was a lot different from the original LImon - it is now a "small plates" restaurant. No more scallop/foi gras appetizer, my favorite seafood stew no where in site - I was a little bummed. On the bright side, we ordered three plates, ceviche, flank steak, and some tempura seafood (fancy way of saying "breaded and fried seafood" haha) and it was all really tasty.One disconcerting aspect: no bread to be found in the entire restaurant - which is odd. I really like to dip my piece of bread in a tasty sauce. I am really drawing a WTF on this one. Why no bread?The bill was a measly $50 for two with 4 beers - this was nice on the wallet - had it been the "real" Limon it would have been more like $100. Service was so so... We sat with empty beers for quite a while before I had to flag someone down to ask for more. No check-back about the food. Not horrible but not certainly not great.All things considered, a good dining experience. Having said all that, I miss the real Limon. When will it re-open?
ok so...i ate chicken for the first time in four years because of this place. thanks, limon. you made me a hypocrite. don't mind the fact that i pretty much already am, since i am a pescetarian and not a full-blown vegetarian.all the MMMMs and drooling from my table of friends was just too much and, regrets i do not hold. this was my fourth visit and i just couldn't take it; i caved. yes sirs, it was worth it. so succulent and tasty and i savored every thready (such a fondly distant texture...nothing has that weird stick-to-your-teethness like bird flesh) bite of the quarter of the breast i had.my usual meal is the pescado y camaron ceviche with a side of tacu-tacu. big chunks of halibut...it's like the best fish ever and always so expensive at sushi restaurants. and if you stick your rice and bean patties in the ceviche juice after you're done with the fish...shit yeah! i crave this fresh little meal every week. their sangria is POTENT and delicious, but the fruit is cut in tiny cubes so you end up getting a mouthful of orange peel at times. bigger chunks! overall, this place is so decently priced for the quality of food you get, and the service is always so pleasant.
This place is awesome. I crave their chicken and sangria almost every thrusday....sooo good.
Recession-friendly prices, flavorful, fresh, & great for large parties.
Holy Chicken. Literally. It's holy and delicious and dreamy. You think that's good? The Sangria is better. I can't explain.. it's just so good, you need to try it and you will see. Get the Ceviche while you're at it. You will never be the same.
This is an awesome place. The rotisserie chicken is so tasty and tender. Ceviche is so fresh. The yucca potatoes are sssssssssssoooooooooooooo yummy. I really recommend this place.
4.5 stars. We had a pretty conventional dinner, with half chicken, two sides came with the order and a small cold plate (Ceviche Mixto). The chicken is so juicy and tender. Yucan fries rock. The Ceviche plate is kind of small but it tastes good and Peruvian! We also ordered two glasses of Sangria. It cost around 30 bucks. I always think SF has the best food selection for whatever price ranges you are looking for. The line is a bit crazy on Fri nights and in generally Van Ness/Mission is not a great place to walk around. But it all made senses in the end just because the food is AMAZING.
Yucca fries! Chicken! Sangria! Cerviche!= Deeeeeelish! my word!!! Reasonable, usually not too long of a wait without reservation. A great place for quality food and a good time!
My roommate and I wanted to go out to dinner. We were trying to figure out what kind of food we wanted. For some reason, she mentioned peruvian food and I freaked out a little bit because I have been looking for a good peruvian restaurant here in SF. I've been to this place in LA called Mario's where I've had their dish Lomo Saltado.She told me that she has been to Limon and i remember trying to yelp a Peruvian restaurant and seeing this pop up. I was pretty excited to go. We took the M line to Balboa and took Bart to 16 & Mission. Her boyfriend's place is on S. Van Ness, so its really close walking distance to Limon.When we got there, it was pretty busy. But we got a seat right away. It's a small restaurant that probably holds around 70 people. My friend bought a pitcher of Sangria, which was very delicious. We ordered "lomito" saltado, ceviche, half rotisserie chicken, and chife de camarones. The servings were really small but around $6-8. The lomito Saltado is a dish with beef, tomatoes, onions, and french fries. Really good (but not as good as the peruvian restaurant in LA)! The ceviche was sour and had shrimp, squid, and halibut. It was really fresh. The chife de camarones was very flavorful. Had a great salty taste. The half rotisserie chicken was probably the best part. It came with two sides. There were 6 sides you can choose from (i forgot all of them). We got papas fritas (french fries) and yuca fries. They also have a green bean side that you can order with it too. The chicken tasted like it had been marinated for days because the flavor was so embedded in the chicken! It was so delicious! I definitely recommend getting the chicken if you go there. You have the chose of getting a whole, half, or quarter.They also have a dessert menu but we were too full to eat anymore. The staff was very nice! They pulled out chairs and refilled the sangria everytime your glass was getting close to being empty. I kind of wish the servings were a little bigger for what you payed for but I would still go there.
my gf and i came here on sat. night with some not so adventurous eaters unfortunately, so we didn't get to eat/order as much as we would've liked, which was a shame. but what we did have was amazing and the service was great.  since we didn't really get to eat all that we wanted, my gf and i kept talking about how wonderful it was and how we wanted more of their chicken, ceviche, etc. so tonight (3 days later) we went back and pigged out and ordered more than we needed, but still managed to make room for the 'bandido' gooey chocolate cake dessert which was also delicious.at this place, it doesn't bother me that they don't have salt/pepper at the table; it's not needed, all the flavors are so good and rich. i can easily come here every week for a meal.
The short answer: A must have dining experience.There was one reviewer that got in on a Saturday night and was complaining - but they were lucky. I waiting a while but don't let that deter you. The food and service is awesome. he space is tight but the buzz emits a nice aire of fun and as the food and drink take over - you relax into the mood of the place.Yucca Frites? - Yes please!! ( Don't miss out)Sangria? Yes please!!
Super spot for peruvian food served tapas style, my ideal since I love latin food and sampling several different things at a time. The tasty ceviche was a good starter. Easily my favorite dish of the meal was the lomito saltado, served with a side of rice. I could've eaten this all night. We also tried the chicharron de pollo, which was so so for me. Personally, I like my fried chicken with the skin left on. We wrapped up dessert with the chocolate cake filled with chocolate sauce, a bit tired but good nonetheless. Overall, a great dining experience...I can't wait to come back, this time with a few more friends so we can try more dishes.
I like very much. All food taste with lemon. Oh I was so surprised. I think I drink too much and taste lemon. I think I was in a dream. Oh I like so much. All people work there so nice.
So I know I'm probably alone on this one, but there's something about chicken that just kind of creeps me out. I'd mostly given up eating the stuff until we came here. Damn is Limon's rotisserie chicken good. Moist, perfectly seasoned, delicious dipping sauces, yum. We also tried two types of ceviche, the ensalada rusa, tiger shrimp, grilled veggies and fried yuca, and everything was excellent. Great value and fantastic service. The trick is to come mid-week when the line doesn't overflow onto the sidewalk.
i was a big fan of limon when it was on valencia, and just ate at the new location for the first time. the food is excellent and reasonably priced (somehow it got way cheaper but is just as good), and the service is prompt and friendly. the rotisserie chicken is flavorful, tender, and priced at an amazing $9 for a half chicken with 2 sides. the lomita saltado, ceviche mixto, beet salad, and yucca fries were all excellent as well. Our waitress was incredibly attentive, and made great recommendations for dishes and wine (and she didn't even recommend the most expensive wine on the list). this place was the full package -- great food, great service, great value -- highly recommended. the mission is full of great restaurants; limon rotisserie is one of the best, and hands down the best value i've come across.
because i was there with a party of 14 (!!!) we literally tried everything on the menu. and i pretty much loved everything. my favorites were the chicken (of course... you have to try the rotisserie chicken when its in the name), the yucca fries, the steak dishes were both great, and the desserts and sangria were great too! fun atmosphere, service was good. oh and the sauces! the sauces that come with the chicken were the best part. all delicious! i would definitely go back again, and for a restaurant that isnt that big, they did a great job accommodating such a big birthday group!
OK, we have 2 nose pickers 3 and 1, and we long for dinners out, but 20.00 an hour for babysitting really puts a damper in the evening. Anyway, Friday night, dinner out with our 2 little ones. Food was great, tolerance for nose pickers high. 2 glasses of wine and plenty of food 53.00. A bargain by our standards (especially since we ordered extra things for our little ones).We will be back.
The rotisserie chicken was spiced PERFECTLY. The yucca fries were AWESOME. Veggies were very tasty, and the shrimp, according to my BF, needed a little something more. Sangria was good! Will be back!
Good Peruvian not easy to find most areas of the country, so was really pleased I could benefit from some good Yelp reviews on this place. Limited menu but everything is very nicely done. We had rotisserie chicken, chicken and veggie empanadas, yucca and sweet potato fries. All great.
Best find for our tastebuds and wallets in years. Great food, excellent service, simple and warm ambiance and when the check comes you'll have that moment when you think, "did they forget the wine? should we say something?" Then you realize it's just a fantastic value and you'll be back within two weeks. (Or if you're my boyfriend, that same week). Highly recommended!
One of my favorite places in SF. Great for dates and groups of any size. The food hasn't disappointed in yet.
I went to Limn Rotisserie in April and had a great time. Good food, nice wine list, good service. I liked it so much that I planned a birthday dinner there so that everyone could see how great it was. We got the family style prix fixe menu and drinks. Everything was going well until the bill came. There were 19 people in our group and they charged us for 25 people. That's $180 extra with tax & gratuity!!! They also charged $40 to cut a birthday cake that I brought in. That's not a big deal, but it would have been great to know that before it showed up on the bill. Lots of places don't charge anything to serve birthday cakes. When I talked to the server about the extra 6 people we were being charged for he quickly said that "someone" in our group said that there were 25 of us. He could't point out who it was, but either way since I was the one who made the reservation and was in charge, he should have asked me before making a $180 change to our order. Instead of immediately knocking it off the bill, he said, "ok, I talked with the manager and we can bring it down to 21!! Uh, that still didn't change the fact that there were only 19 of us!! They thought that only overcharging us by 2 was very generous. He was making us pay for a miscommunication on their part. It would only take a minimally trained server (or one with common sense) to count how many people were at the table. That's it! It would have been so simple. After going back and forth for almost an hour and with our guests waiting, we were finally able to negotiate down to pay for the number of people that we had in our party. In other words, I had to argue just to pay for what we ordered!! I had to argue to not get charged for food that they sent out without confirming the number!  They didn't even offer to comp the cake cutting charge that they never told me would apply. It's a shame because as good as the food is, it can't make up for the horrible, horrible, experience we had just paying the bill.  Poor poor management. Poor poor problem resolution. They obviously place no value in customers leaving happy. They could have gained 18 new customers. Instead they lost 1.
Their chicken is to die for. Even their sides are to die for. And their ceviche..... the peruvians know how to rotiss their chicken for sure. I'm been to peru and it's just like the real thing. Only thing missing from menu in Limon is the gizards and chicken parts. Ok, and a main problem I have is that I want to eat a whole chicken of thigh and legs -- I have to stop going to this place with other dark meat eaters!!!
wow................this place is very tasty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yummmmmmmmmmythis place has tappa style portions and its a perfect scheme to sell more. I LOVE ceviche and this place has the best i have tasted so far. we had braised short ribs that was would just fall apart. it was so juice and tender. their tuna tar tar was so lite and just the perfect amont of spice. their sangria is like sweet nector. so good and dangerous. you barely taste the alcohol so you just keep drinking and drinking. we went on a friday and they was a wait but they were so nice enough to get us seats at the bar and the service was amazing. they paid a lot of attention to us and was very attentive. GO HERE, you won't be dissappointed!they have 2 different restaurants, the limon rotisserie is the one that doesn't take reservations. they also will shut down the whole place to private parties as well.
i call that rotisserie chicken they have a great piece of Art enough said ...
This place is great! I love Rotisserie Chicken and Limon's is by far the best I've ever had! We ordered just about every single one of the small plates on the menu and everything was full of flavor. The best part was the price! Tons of food, dessert and a pitcher of Sangria for 3 people was only $84. The restaurant is pretty small, so I wouldn't recommend for a large group. We only had a 15 minute wait on a Friday night, but everyone who came in after us waited upwards of an hour. Also, parking is horrific so be prepared to drive around for about 20 minutes.
I think I would have enjoyed the food. Too bad the hostess told us the wait was going to be 15 mins, 1 hour later of waiting we left.
SALTY!!!!!!! GREASY!!! This place made me crave water? vegetables? milk? anything other than salt!
One of the best Peruvian places I've been to... everything we ordered as a group (which was at least 80% of the menu) was exceptional. The first time I visited I didn't even realize there was a basement, that was a relief as the main level is very tight and feels cramped. Service was exceptional, gave great advice when ordering steering us in the right direction and was prompt with the sangria refills!  They really deserve 5 stars... but as with most tapas style places, we ordered a lot, paid a lot, and I left still feeling hungry.
I just went here last night, and the food was DELICIOUS. I was considering coming here for a larger party, but I'm glad that we decided to go with just 4 people. The place isn't small, but I'm not sure it could accomodate a huge party. Anyway, though it was just 4 of us we still managed to order lots of food. A few of the items that stood out: ceviche (mixto & halibut), lomito saltado, and a whole chicken with veggie and yuca fries..oh, and sangria. The food was excellent, the service was great and I'd definitely come back again!
Simple case of terrible service. The hostesses were rude and very standoffish while the bar tender forgot our drinks twice. When we reminded him, he told us he thought we were waiting for people (my girlfriend and I were already sitting there for an hour and had ordered apps). The food was far too salty and definitely not worth the wait or having to deal with the horrendous attitudes.
A truly great find (thanks Yelp!), Limon serves up simply delicious food at surprisingly reasonable prices. Close to Mission Cliffs (yelp.com/biz/mission-cli), Limon is the perfect place to transition from a fun climbing date to a romance inducing night out on the town.
I finally had the chicken and it was amazing! A must if you go.
The Rotisserie chicken is amazing, as are many of the sides! love the dipping sauces as well. Go Here!!!
I head good things about this restaurant so my girlfriends and I decided to go here for Christmas dinner. The food was excellent but the serve was lacking. We had the following - -Ceviche Mixto halibut, calamari and tiger shrimp marinated with lime juice, rocoto, garlic and served with choclo-on-the-cob, camote and cancha. It was fresh and not "over-cooked" in the citrus. -Seco de Costillas braised beef short ribs with huacatay and cilantro, served with potatoes,carrots and English peas. The short ribs were cooked to perfection and partically fell apart when you cut into it. -And their name sake the Pollo a la Brasa. Chicken marinated the "traditional way" and slowly cooked in our rotisserie. It was moist and seasoned well. I would have given the restuarant a higher score if our server was more attentive to us. -I had asked him to close the door to the restaurant since we were sitting right infront of the door. This was a normal request since is was cold, windy, and rainy outside. His answer? We would need to wait for the waiting patrons to get seated. Umm, seriously? The restaurant was packed.-We only saw our server twice (on his own volition) maybe during the whole meal - when he took our order and dropped off our sangrias. Rest of the time we had to flag down the bus staff. -Then the kicker, we asked our server for water refills. He nodded. But after 10 minutes, we were wondering where he was. We flagged him down again and his reponse was "We are out of water." I responded that is strange since San Francisco has probably the best filtered water. His response? "Stranger things have happened." What kind of answer is that? As I mentioned before that I would have given this restaurant a higher rating if the service was better. If I go out to eat and spend my hard earned cash, I want the whole experience but that is just me. :-)However, if you don't mind the shoddy service then by all means go for the great food.
Had a reservation at 9 on a Saturday and didn't get seated until 9:30. Par for the course in SF, but still frustrating, so minus 1 star. Everything else, however, was fantastic. We started with the braised short ribs (buttery, as they should be) and Pollo Empenadas (perfectly crispy, flaky crust with some pleasantly surprising olives mixed in). Then we did the whole chicken with veggies and Yucca fries. The breast meat was dry, but the sauces they provided more than compensated. Get a reservation, but definitely try this place out.
Delicious! I went here with my then boyfriend for a Friday night dinner date and loved it! The chicken was very moist and the flavor was excellent. We shared the half chicken and then ordered the veggies and sweet potato fries as our accompanying sides. The meat was cooked just right and the dipping sauces were a nice touch. I can't comment on the flavor of the skin, but can say the then boyfriend said something like "I am going to eat this piece of skin" and seemed to enjoy it very much.We were a bit over-zealoused and ordered a unneeded beef dish.  As delectable as it was we definitely did not need that much food, the chicken would have been enough. Warning: It literally is half a chicken, so the eating process can get a bit messy. For dessert we indulged in a really rich chocolate cake dish with some sort of creamy sauce. I really, really enjoyed this as I am a glutton for desserts. I even surprised the then boyfriend by attacking his face with the whipped cream garnish. The only odd thing that happened was that they brought us the wrong bill. Imagine our shock when we opened the bill and inside was a tab for enough food to feed 10 or so people. They quickly corrected this and all was well. On a weekend night make sure to call your reservation in ahead of time. If you do have to wait for a table make sure to go grab a quick drink at the bar. The bartenders were all super friendly and even offered to serve us at the bar if we didn't have time to wait for a table. This is an excellent place to take a date or to dine out with a group of friends.
I didnt like it...it was too.....salty/msg-ish. There wasnt even enough rice for the chicken i ordered. The fries were kinda dry...and the bean and rice thing was kinda mehh too....not much to like ;[
this place is awesome. unfortunately for limon rotisserie, i already have an ultimate favorite peruvian place in southern california that can never be beat. still, limon rotisserie beats other bay area peruvian in pure quality of meat and serious seasoning. i've been here quite a few times and have tried most everything on the menu. lomo saltado is a must have here. pollo a la brasa is great, but why have chicken when you can eat a ton of other deep fried/ charred in a wok treats??veggie saltado is also amazing--im partial to anything done "saltado"i'm not a ceviche person, but ALL the ceviche here kicks ass. fries, fried yucca, rice--nothing to celebrate over, but definitely necessary in the meal. chicharron de pollo--awesome sauce... actually all their sauces are amazing and you'll probably need 2nds or 3rds of the aji (spicy cream sauce)
Yup. Returned last weekend for a late(r) dinner, and the place never fails to hit on all notes. Service rocks from moment you walk in to the minute you bail, satiated and with a good buzz from their kickin' sangria. The usual host of staff ensures things are every bit as good as they were 8-9 years? ago when they opened up shop. Always a bit surprised when the check arrives... in a good way. Great food at recession-friendly prices. Double-yum!
Maybe I went on an off night. We had the worst experience. First of all it was FREEZING IN the place. It was actually warmer outside. When I asked if we could be seated away from the windows, I was rudely told no, and that they were expecting a larger party there. Ok, fine, I was a server and I know having a 2 top on a 4 bugs - but whatever. They had several tables open. Moving on to once we were seated, I noticed the couple sitting next to us were huddled together with both of their hoodies up and scarfs on - they were obviously cold also. We sat for about 10 minutes before anyone came over with menus. No water was served or offered.I guess I was expecting a similar menu to Limon on Valencia street. Nothing really piqued my interest at first, so I started with the Yucca Frita. When finally offered a beverage, I was told the 3 alcoholic choices. It was very hard to understand our server, so I asked to see the printed list. I was informed that they didn't have a list, as they change their wines daily. Ok fine. I asked to repeat the white wine choices and my server pointed to the bottle at the table next to ours - she said, "It's like that one, medium bodied." OK, so it is sweet, dry, fruity, earthy - what? She had no clue. We ordered a glass of THAT ONE and one house sangria. Both were so freaking sweet - we couldn't stomach it. The Yucca arrived and we each tasted one. We both had inedible strings in ours that we had to spit out. By this point, I just had to leave. It was so cold, I couldn't enjoy anything else. So I asked for the check and the server said OK - not even asking if everything was OK. She stood around for a while, chatted with the 10 other staff members who weren't doing ANYTHING and finally I had to motion to her - the universal sign of CHECK PLEASE. Another 5 minutes goes by as she finishes up her story to her colleague, then the check comes. I more than likely won't ever go back there. I prefer the other location as it was much more inviting and warm. The owner of the place on Valencia always makes us feel welcome - but this place was so standoffish. yuck!
i love this place!i recommend it for lunch. it's affordable and delicious. i have only tried the chicharron de pollo, their halibut ceviche and the yucca fries which are so good! every time i eat there i am also enticed by the aroma of the rotisserie chicken which i hear is amazing. i would love to try that as well.
Went here with my dad and boyfriend and after all the positive yelp reviews was a little disappointed. The ceviche was tasty but I personally found the chicken a little dry, and portions are tiny; we got the yucca fries as one of our sides and they were delicious, but even when we ordered another side it only came with four large sized fries. Actually, the salad might have been my fave part because of the pomegranate dressing. Oh, and the blue soda they sell is amazing! Staff hard to flag down, but we came at a weird time so day/night people were overlapping. Mediocre experience overall. Perhaps some of that Sangria would have helped!
Best addition to the Mission eating scene in ages! Who could argue with a scaled down, affordably priced version of the Limon menu? The chicken is awesome (and very nicely priced), the fried yucca makes me never want to see a french fry again! Best part? They have the famous chocolate lava cake from the main Limon!! Who could ask for more? Eat here. Now!!
Great food for the price. Had good atmosphere and a fun place to have a good meal in a place that won't de-pants you. I likes the steak. Get it!
everything was subpar IMHO, we spent about 55 bucks (tax and tip included) for 5 dishes (tapas).that's really all I can say about this place, it was just not that memorable. money could have been better spent elsewhere in mission.
The Empanadas were super great. Also get the chicken with some sides. Good atmosphere at this place.
This place is the worst place ever. They are rude, not willing to give you a table, and try to rushhhhh you out when you are still eating.Their food is super salty, so it lost the flavorable taste to the originality. I suggest all of you not to come here if you have another good choice.
Very friendly place with delicious food. We shared several small plates with Peruvian beer--Yummy!  Street parking is difficult, though.
Best, most juicy and flavorful rotisserie chicken I've ever had. Would absolutely recommend again. Mixed ceviche was also excellent. I also had some sort of beef dish that was really not good enough to remember.
opening party review only!what is better than one limon? two limons!the opening night party was packed and there was plenty of happy champagne, wine and sangria holding people.the party bites were just delicious and it was nice to see that they served food from the menu. for those who have never had peruvian food? how to describe it well...i would just go and try it. especially the ceviches and definitely great for meat lovers. i'll have to come back for a real sit down dinner.the space is not very big but nice for a date or small group.another nice addition to the mission.
Fantastic experience. The food was incredible and the service was super-attentive and fast. I loved the grilled beef hearts, cerviche, and sangria.
Probably one of the best restaurants in the City. I just moved away and want to give props to the few fantastic places I know and love back home. In my taste buds and brain, I find there are some restaurants that are fairly good...but not so memorable. I have friends I took to Limon Rotisserie and they go very often, it is just that good. The beef dish with the french fries is good for the french fries (absorbing the yummy beef juices), but there's another beef dish that has better flavor. The sauces that come with the chicken are really something. If you can get those before the chicken comes out, and ask for some bread....whoa.... heaven. :) Sangria, ceviche,... just a great casual place to dine.
Over Price! not that great.
It was delicious - the chicken was so juicy! Three of us shared a chicken and a few sides, making the price quite reasonable. I'm looking forward to going again!
I'm stoked to have this place in my neighborhood!  The chicarron and ceviche are awesome!  They are now serving alcohol, I sat at the bar and was entertained by the bartender and my glass of wine while waiting for my takeout. Please keep it this good once the original reopens!
I'd definitely recommend coming here when you want tasty food in smaller portions- Limon Rotisserie is great for lunch, and the rotisserie chicken comes in 3 sizes (full, half, and quarter) with 2 sauces and choice of 2 sides. Got there right at opening time (12pm) on a Wed. and it was easy to get a seat. Wait staff was very helpful about portion size recommendations. The lomito saltado (beef) was excellent, though the side salad was just ok (slightly bland salty dressing). Came here to try the ceviche mixto, and it was tasty.
We've been to this restaurant a handful of times now and we continue to discover new and interesting items to try on the menu. The chicken is definitely a must as are the sweet potato fries and the halibut ceviche. Great value. Great Energy. Fast Service.
Hello everyone! I'm new to yelp. I have been going to Limon Rotisserie for quite awhile! I've been a fan ever since that first bite of the heavenly pollo a la brasa... mmmm! I went here last night with my sister and my boyfriend and we had our usual favorites ceviche mixto, chicaron de pollo, anticuchos de res, and YUCCA FRITAS (the BEST fries i've had, hands down) We decided not to get the pollo a la brasa so we got two more dishes that we never tried before, the braised beef (i dont remeber the name) and a seafood dish in a creamy sauce (also forgot the name) I think i had a little too much sangria lol.... However I do remeber that everything was delicious! Limon Rotisserie is a must! if u havent tried this place, make your reservations now!
Just go. Get chicken.
The chicken is to-die-for. i mean amazing..perfectly seasoned, juicy, tender...yes. honestly though the rest of the food was pretty good but didnt knock my socks off (had yuca fries, ceviche, and a beef dish i think). i would go back just for the chicken though! i love these cheaper prices compared to regular Limon. the ambiance is very warm as well. good for a date.
I wanted to find a place that had interesting share-style plates, fun and colorful drinks and was out of the ordinary. After searching high and low through Yelp, I found Limon! I was surprised when the receptionist continuously allowed me to increase my party size. She just kept saying "no problem." So in the end, I was able to book a ten person reservation on a Friday night... almost unheard of in the city! (I later discovered that the popular Limon is located on Valencia, so that may be why they were able to accommodate all of us.)Since none of us had tried Limon and everything on the menu was to our liking, we decided to give complete control to our waiter. It was a very good decision! Every plate was so flavorful and every slice of meat was succulent. We definitely got a great taste of Peruvian cuisine. And after all the dishes were cleared out and we had finished each pitcher of sangria, we got the dreaded bill. But to our surprise, the total was very low!! And it wasn't until I read the articles on the wall, that I realized this place is known for it's impeccable food and impeccable prices. Must try!
just get the rotisserie chicken... its really goooood
Is it fair to judge a restaurant with "rotisserie" in the name based on its vegetarian food? Probably not, but sometimes a vegetarian may find herself being led to Limon Rotisserie by her omnivore friends (say, if flour + water has an hour wait for a table). Basically, there is nothing at Limon R. that can constitute a vegetarian "meal" as commonly understood. I had a green salad and french fries. Both good, but not so satisfying. The chicken seemed like a good deal for those who eat it.
I hereby ordain Limon Roti my favorite cheap eats (but ok ambiance) restaurant in all of San Francisco.
This is hands down my favorite restaurant in San Francisco. (It's a bold statement- I know.) Everything on the menu is bursting with incredible, exotic flavor! AND you don't have to pay an arm and a leg. This is easily the best deal in town.My co-workers and I came here on a "business meeting", which is code for birthday celebration. Who doesn't love a delicious but most importantly, free lunch? I thought I made reservations for 17 people at Limon, the original. Once we arrived to Valencia Street, we found Limon covered in news papers, floor to ceiling. Oh shit. What happened? Did I speak to a phantom when I made the reservations? I frantically scrolled through my phone, hoping that I would find Limon's phone number. The same phone number for Limon became the phone number for Limon Rotisserie. Blah. I really wish the staff told me that Limon burned down and Limon Rotisserie temporarily took its place when I made the reservation in the first place.  We finally made it to Limon Rotisserie where our long table was waiting for us. We took up the entire wall under the gigantic LIMON sign. It was so nice to have plentiful people to share plates as I was able to sample the entire delectable menu. The stars of the show were:-Seco de Costillas- braised beef short ribs with huacatay and cilantro, served with potatoes, carrots and English peas. OMG. I LOVE braised meats! The tender short ribs envelop your mouth in a rich, velvety stew while hints of limon dance on your tongue.- Carne a la Parrilla- grilled hanger steak served over crispy tacu-tacu, salsa criolla and red wine-beef sauce. This is the best sliced steak I have ever had in my life. I usually turn my head to sliced steak but at Limon, it's always cooked at a perfect medium rare. Don't have it any other way- it's perfect, trust me.- Ceviche Mixto halibut, calamari and tiger shrimp marinated with lime juice, rocoto, garlic and served with choclo-on-the-cob, camote and cancha. I was adverse to untraditionally cooked seafood but Limon has made me a convert. Limon Rotisserie's ceviche is very light and fresh!- Pollo a la Brasa- chicken marinated the "traditional way" and slowly cooked in a rotisserie. Believe me, I love almost all rotisserie chickens. But I don't believe that you've had great rotisserie chicken until you've come to Limon Rotisserie- it is seasoned deliciously in the most unexpectedly pleasant way. -Vegetales Sateados- Yellow and grean beans sauted in soy sauce and limon. Although this is a side, I would equate it with an awesome entre. It can totally hold it's own against any small plate with a protein- it's that scrumptious!-Chicha Morada- fermented beverage derived from maize. It looks as beautiful as pomegranate juice but resembles the flavor of the best pink lemonade. Limon Rotisserie is so delicious that I brought my boyfriend soon after our business meeting, so he could experience their mind-blowing dishes. Limon Rotisserie has become my #1 go-to restaurant. Not only have I taken my boyfriend here but I've taken my boyfriend's parents and my own on separate occasions.For me, Limon Rotisserie not only has the best food in the city but also the best value for your money. My boyfriend and I usually order the half chicken which comes with two sides ($10) and two small plates ($10 each). This is more than enough food for two people and probably enough for three. Even with drinks, tax and tip, you probably won't spend more than $50. With 5 people, two bottles of wine, a whole chicken and tons of small plates, the bill came out to $160.Although I intended to try Limon, the original, I have enjoyed many meals with great company at this fine establishment, Limon Rotisserie.P.S. This place is damn good, so either be prepared to wait or come a little early, before 7. Also, it's not hard to find parking. Either way, it's totally worth the wait! Hope this helps!
I have to say that I like this place even more than the Limon on Valencia, less pretentious, small and cozy, and fantastic food, similar to the original Limon. We tried the tuna tartar, the beet and potato salad, rotisserie chicken with rice and yucca fries...yum, yum, yum! The sangria is a bit too sweet for my taste but all and all, a great experience. We will definitely be back, I'm already craving the food!
If you like the original Limon, you won't be disappointed with Limon Rotisserie.Usually when we go to Limon, we always get sucked into eating the Lomo Saltado, knowing that we're probably missing out on some other delicious Peruvian delights. The lovely thing about Limon Rotisserie is that it's easy to try a sampling of different items - they have a tapas style menu. If you're not fond of small plates, the rotisserie chicken option is available in either whole, half, or quarter chickens, each coming with 2 sides. It's a perfect meal by itself.We, loving both tapas and rotisserie chicken, ordered a bit of both. We started with the ceviche mixtos, then the carne a la parilla. The ceviche is just as good as ceviche at the original Limon, and the carne a la parilla was insanely delicious. For a moment, I considered ordering 2 more orders, it was that tasty. But, recovering my wits, I held back and waited for the second meat item - a half rotisserie chicken (which comes with 3 different sauces on the side, including everyone's fave chimichurri sauce). For the two sides, the chimichurri fries (yeah, we love it that much), and the vegetables. The vegetables were seasoned and roasted green beans, yellow beans, and red onions. The vegetables were good, flavored well and not overdone. The chicken was tender and tasty, the breast piece was juicy and tender. Did I mention it was tender? The pitcher of sangria we ordered was also as good as we remembered from the original Limon, and two of us had absolutely no problem polishing off a whole pitcher. We were...uh...thirsty. Service was friendly, attentive, and definitely not overbearing. In fact, we had declined dessert - we were stuffed with meat and sangria - but even so, they brought us an amazing dessert on the house - a housemade baked meringue with dulce de leche, toasted marshmallow, and amarena cherries. It would've been shameful to let it go to waste - we killed that dessert in record time. It was almost embarrassing...almost. All in all, a great addition to the Limon empire, and a cheaper alternative to the more pricey original recipe. I mean, a half chicken with two sides for $8.75? Cheaper...but no less tasty.We'll be coming back - this just might be a restaurant that can break through and enter our regular rotation. A super human feat considering how many great restaurants there are out here...Now, if only they offered sangria to go...
Good food. Contemporary. Fantastic sangeria.
Reasonable in price, good food, good drinks. The place itself is not super cute, but all in all it was fun to eat here.
Food and service was good. The floor manager did not honor our open table reservation.
Was in the Mission district on a Saturday afternoon and decided to try this place since it got good reviews from most SF based publications. Tried it and was not that impressed. While the food is of good quality and well-prepared, it really is on the VERY SALTY side and the portion is pretty small. The Sangria is good but it can't be the only reason we come here.  Oh, well.
My three stars are really for their fantastic chicken. It is truly wonderful. And some other dishes were nice as well, but certainly not stellar.I won't go into details about each dish but needless to say that my rating is partially based on the inclusion of unripe and inedible components (a rock hard - couldn't cut it with the table knife, avocado and a hard, pale tomato, for example) that simply wrecked the dishes. Just seemed like the quality of ingredients was lacking.We loved the unpretentiousness and honesty of the place but were not impressed by the fact that dishes and wine glasses were whisked away from our table before we were done eating them or drinking from them (a half finished bottle of wine was left on our table without refills but our glasses did manage to disappear). While this wasn't a deal breaker, it really wasn't great.There is no wine list - just two reds and whites. The place is totally affordable and coupled with the awesome chicken will account for the three stars it does get from me.
Salty, salty, salty - and I love salt. The chicken was overbrined and the roasted veggies had great flavor but too much salt. It's certainly a good deal: the 1/2 chicken with two sides for $10 can feed two, if you're not too hungry. The ceviche was excellent. Service was very fast. I'd go back if they turned down the salt, but as it was I spent the rest of the day drinking water.
If I were to rate the food and cocktails I would give it a 5 star and for service it would get closer to a three but since I went on a weekend with a group of 18 I am going to cut them some slack. I came here for a friends birthday and we had reservations at 7:30 but didn't start eating till around 9. They were extremely busy but we sat at the table for a good hour waiting for food which was a set menu so I dont see why it took so long. But once the food started they had it timed very well. The food was excellent, definitely a meat eaters paradise. My favorite was this dish that had steak and fries with sauce and some veggies. I have no clue what anything was called since it was a set menu and they didn't really tell us as they put it down but this place is worth a trip back so I can order for myself. They also have some great cocktails with pisco. I had one that had pisco, whiskey, agave syrup, grapefruit and bitters and it was delicious.
Nice to find a place where you can get well-prepared food and splendid service without draining your wallet. We went there on a recent Saturday night, thoroughly enjoyed the steak and seafood plates, and left with a $44 bill, including drinks.
I have to say, it's quite possible that this is simply a case of inflated expectations as my coworkers built up this place a lot. Overall, I think this place is good but I wasn't blown away as I thought I might be.It's a very nice environment, although parking around the Mission can be difficult. I enjoyed the ceviche and the chicken, and the jalea was fairly good, but I think it's typical of any other Peruvian place I went to.
the food is really good and they serve you super fast i will be returning soon
One word - delicious!Arrived around 6 pm - found parking less than a block away and got seated immediately. My husband and I came prepared with empty stomachs. Having lived in DC for a number of years I was already accustomed to the rotisserie style peruvian chicken - there are so many taste worthyy places in the DC area. When my husband suggested Limon for dinner I immediately jumped at it. He made reservations at the other one - found out there were two - decided to opt for the Rotisserie simply because we werent sure if at the other one we would be done in time for a pressing engagement. Nonetheless we ordered:half rotisserie chicken with yucca and tuca tuca - came with three dipping sauces - yummy!!! Not a fan of the Chimichurri sauce as much as the other ones. Tuca Tuca was interesting and flavorful. Chicken and the two other aji sauces were spectacular.Tuna tartare - the only negative of the night - there was absolutely no salt or citrus in this - just a dash would have made a world of difference - ok otherwise.Seco de Costillas - excellent! the sauce had such a depth of flavor it was greatJalea - forgettable - nothing special- everything tasted great but something you can find at any joint so probably wouldnt order it again and would instead stick to the true peruvian dishespitcher of sangria - it was good and plentifulwe had the bandido for dessert - this was just great and the perfect ending. We loved every bite we had. The chicken is a must if you come here - its so hard to find peruvian rotisserie chicken places in the SF area so this was such a treasure and a place I will be sure to revisit. The wait staff were excellent and friendly as well - they really added to the 5 star experience. Please do visit this place!
This restaurant is really charming. The bartender, servers , chef were very friendly. Even on a Wednesday night, the wait stinks, but if there's room at the bar you can order food while you wait. The yucca fries just melt in your mouth. They have a good selection of ceviches. The rotisserie chicken was cooked to perfection! I would definitely go back, but probably on a Monday or Tuesday.
What's with some of the restaurants in SF. This is another restaurant, that although food was very tasty, it was way too expensive for the tiny portions you get. I must say , the Lomo Saltado was excellent, but it was served on a cereal bowl and no rice. What's up with that.  The Cebiche was raw. I had to send it back. If I want sashimi, I will ask for sashimi. The rotisserie chicken was very good, but once again not enough for what you pay. Unfortunately, the price prevents me from returning. I love good food, good presentation but I want to get my money's worth. Oh yeah, Pisco sour is served with Pisco, not Sake.!!!
Well, the food rocks.  I haven't dined in the restaurant but did take out (former New Yorker, couldn't help it)...had the roast chicken, yuca fries and a salad and it was delish, particularly the chicken....I just love the sauces that came with...tasty and varied.  The price of $20 for all three dishes is a perfect economic downturn meal idea.  My only complaint was that the place seemed to lack organization...all the server staff looked overwhelmed and I had to flag down someone twice to help me with my order. They need a front of the house staff person.  I'll be back!
I've been going to Limon since it first opened and it's been consistently delicious and fun. I love going with a group and ordering a bunch of different things to share. The sangria is delicious, the appetizers yummy and well plated and the entrees well seasoned. The open kitchen with huge flames add to the exciting atmosphere.
The restaurant wasn't full but the waiter just didn't have the time or patience to bother with us. Some of the menu isn't in English so when we'd ask for descriptions we would receive quick answers like "it's rice". Even when the waiter would come by to ask if everything was okay, he would stare off in another direction and rush off before we could respond. When we had paid for the bill, he came back three times to look at our table.In all fairness, he did replace my husband's beer when my husband spilled it on himself. The food was okay but I wouldn't go back again.
Mmm... chicken. Yuca fries are good, as well as the massive corn. Ceviche was delicious. Sangria goes down well with it all.
Excellent tapas. Yuca fries melted in our mouths like fried mashed potato sticks. Awesome chicken (be sure to try the yellow sauce that comes on the condiment plate), and excellent beef dishes (braised beef, etc.).I had to knock off a star for a couple of reasons. The restaurant felt relatively tight, and it was a bit on the noisy side. I would have to say that all four stars were a direct result of the food... NOT the environment. And let's not forget their great pitchers of sangria.
Yeah! This place is guuuuud. We almost tried everything on the menu but I'll def be back to try the rest. This place is good for groups of 2 or less because you don't wanna share this food. Beef heart was tasty & seasoned perfect, the hanger steak and sirloin strips cooked perfect, chicken, vegetables...everything was good. Can't forget the sangria..I can drink that for days. No reservations, so prepare to wait a bit for a bigger group. The service was pro and the place has a chill vibe. Congrats Limon.
One quick scan of the menu, and I thought to myself, I'll eat everything on the menu. The lomito saltado, chifa de camarrones, and the chicharron de pollo were all solid -- maybe a tad salty -- but, hearty nonetheless. Their namesake pollo a la brasa was right on the money.
Deeelish! Healthy. Affordable.
I am still a fan of Fresca but you can't be the prices here. 0.5 of chicken with two sides is less than $10. At fresca the 0.5 chicken with sides is around $14. The yucca was good but we had too many bowls of yucca. There were like 10 on the table. The breaded rice and beans side dish was really good. The fried chicken pieces were just ok. I recommend ordering a bunch of things and eating them like tapas. Parking can be challenging but I was fortunate to find street parking. The manatee was jealous I went with out her. If the manatee pays she can come. Otherwise she needs to eat her cabbage at home.
The chicken, yucca fries, sweet potato fries, and ceviche were amazing, but I have to get the hostess/seating situation off my chest first.I made reservations for a group of 7 adults for early in the evening. One in our party dropped out at the last minute, but we showed up on time and were shown to the smallest table in the world.They had taken a 4-top, which was squeezed into one of the window alcoves next to the hostess podium, shoved two chairs on the ends, and called it a 6-top. It was literally impossible to have 6 adults, one holding an infant, to sit at the table, and that was before the food came out.We politely asked if we could relocate, but the hostess rebuffed us when we pointed out it was actually a 4-top by saying she would bring out two extra chairs.The manager then came over and kept saying, "I don't want to argue with you sir . . ." while insisting that the could not shove 3 2-tops together.Finally, a gentlemen who we thought was the owner came over, shoved the three tables together, and served us for the evening. He was very professional, which helped make up for a very bad first impressionNow, on to the food. The chicken was phenomenal. The breast meat was moist while the thighs and wings were falling off the bone. This, of course, begs one to wonder how the hell the cook it so well! That and I kept wondering how the cut the sweet potato fries so thin while keeping them crunchy on the outside, but soft in the middle.While the chocolate gooey thing was nice, the other desserts left a bit to be desired. Not bad, but not great. So-so.I'm too stuffed to write more, other than to say I'll definitely come again.
I found out that they had a Limon Rotisserie and had been craving good Peruvian food! I enjoyed the small plates they offered. I wished they had a lightly bigger drink selection. You should order the ceviche, the lomo saltado, and the slow cooked short ribs. I would like to see a bigger seafood selection though. I liked the atmoshpere....but still miss Limon!
Limon Rotisserie, you did me right! I went her with my bf for his birthday and I have no complaints. We had an 8 o'clock reso and showed up a little early around 7:40ish. We were seated a few minutes before 8 and the place looked really busy. There were people waiting outside and the bar was full. The tables are pretty close to each other, but I get it, its a small space so there's no way around that really. So I got the mojito, which was tasty and strong. My bf got two glasses of sangria, also great, for apps we got the mixed ceviche, it was great! a little spicy, overall great flavor. then we had the half chicken and the rice and sweet potato fries. YUM! and we had two desserts..i don't really remember which ones:( it looked like creme puffs sort of though..ahhh soo good. OH, OH and here's the kicker. the check was under 70 dollars. for all that food! and a hip atmosphere. great date spot!
Food is delish!! but don't try to come here on Sat night with out a reso! it's pretty redic. We came because we were waiting for some friends to finish their romantic dinner we weren't invited too and wanted to get some Chicken and Sangria. We got seats at the bar and it all kinda went down hill from there. We ordered 1/2 a chicken and it was absolute madness in there. People were coming in trying to order togo; and their were telling them 45 minutes. People called in an order and still have to wait 30 min to get the food. We had to wait 1 hour before we got our chicken... and the Bar Tender was obnoxiously annoying! Completely ignoring us and totally unfriendly. I get it was super busy but still when you are walking around right in front of us you can say something..... This was a complete step down from the first time I was there we went on a Thursday night and it was a nicer dinning experience then the crazy pre Valentines day dinner rush. But the Chicken is awesome!! I think its best to order togo then you don't have to deal with the attitude adjustment needed staff.
wow.. this chicken was really tasty... probably the most seasoned, tastiest chicken I've ever eaten. The cool thing is if you get a whole chicken, it comes with two sides and these two salsa-type sauces. We also got these rice-and-bean fried balls that were really good and some prawns that were pretty good as well. Throw in a so-so vegetable side, and dessert and it was really WAY too much food for 3 people, but the price was very reasonable for that much food. The downstairs bathroom is pretty cool.. kind of co-ed with a men/woman shared sink/mirror area but 3 stalls with real doors on them. But definitely the highlight of this place was the chicken. CHICKEN!
the best 'bad economy' date you could have!!ceviche2 quarters of chicken (lets talk abt the grub dipping sauce)4 sides (best yuca fires in town!!)2 large glasses of sangria= $36 bucks.hell yeah!!!! the servers were mucho attentive, and one of the owners came to the table twice to check on our enjoyment. attention like that is so appreciated. the food was incredibly yummy... and the price tag was unbeatable. we are going back again and plan to share with all our friends.seriously, our dining belts are getting tighter in this economic uncertainty, however limon will get a lot of patronage from us.
Inexpensive good food! Downstairs atmosphere is a little lacking.
Stopped by tonight to carry out dinner....We ordered the whole Rotisserie Chicken with Yucca Fries & Tuca Tuca (rice cake) as the two sides that was included for $15.95; We also had the Tamale & one extra side of grilled veggies. Everything was still warm and delish when we reached home about 1hr. later especially the Yucca fries......delish. Everything else was tasty and perfectly season as well. The 3 sauces that came with the food was awsome though I don't know what they are? The Chicken dinner portion was large- We had left over for dinner tomorrow night.The staff were very friendly-invited us to sit down while we waited for our food and brought us some ice water.....Ambiance was simple but nice. will like to dine in next time and try their other dishes on the menu.
This place is great! I would keep going here just for the sauces they give on the side. The chicken is seasoned really well and the spices they use on the chicken were different than anywhere else I have tried. The sides are great I recommend the tacu-tacu and the yuca fries! You should also try the mango lemonade which has a good balance of mango and lemonade. I have also had the ceviche it was the first time I had tried ceviche it was good but I couldn't eat too much of it, if I get it again I could easily share it with four other people. The only downside to this restaurant is the fact that the tables are very close together which can get a bit crowded when it gets busy.
I like the food here. It is good for parties less than 10, anymore than that and the waiters ignore you and over charge for gratuity. I bought a cake for 27 dollars from a store and they charged us 60 dollars just to cut. It also took forever for them to bring it out. 1/4 of the party had left by the time they decided they wanted to bring the cake over. I had to personally go up 15 minutes after asking them to bring it out to tell them "The cake I brought is already made. can you just bring it out?" WTF? I mean the food is consistent, however, I was just not very happy in the end with the service and appalled at how much we had to pay for it in the end.
We come to SF every year for 2 or 3 days between Christmas and New Years. Limon Rotisserie is always one of our stops and never disappoints.
My partner and I went here last night for its opening weekend. We both had the sangria and agreed that flavourwise it gave Cha-Cha-Cha's a run for its money, although the fruit chips were diced tiny and sometimes I'd eat an orange peel and get a little flavor jolt. Also, too much ice!The ceviche pescado is delightful and served with jumbo maize kernels. The fish is fresh, tangy -- to die for.The Lomito Saltado, small grilled beef cubes and papas fritas was smokey, delicious, and near sublime. But it was really the chicken hot tapas plate (forget the name of it) was meaty heaven on a plate. I'd highly recommend this place. They have delicious tapas at a very affordable price. In fact, you can go the non-tapas, under-$10 route by getting a half-chicken and two sides of Peruvian perfection. That's food-stall prices at high-end taste.
hands down best chicken and sangria ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OK, attention: I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE. The food is incredible. Honestly, you won't find chicken that's more tender and crispy-skinned anywhere else. Perfectly seasoned too. The sides that come with the chicken are awesome (try the sweet potato fries & vegetales salteados). And don't get me started on the sangria-- it's a generous glass for just 5 bucks and it's seriously the yummiest I have ever tasted. If that's not enough, the staff is so sweet and friendly. My girlfriend and I go here for date night around once a week, so the waiters and hostess know us and they always make a point to say hi. Love the atmosphere, too-- it's relaxed but always buzzing. Perfect for a date or to go out with a group of friends. You can get an amazing meal and two sangrias for $30 including tip. I always feel like Limon could charge twice as much for food this good, but thank God they don't!One word of advice: Don't sit downstairs. It's worth a little more waiting time for a more fun vibe upstairs.
it's just so easy. easy to order, easy to eat, fun to dip.
-a little bit crowded but worth the wait-the rotisserie chicken was delicious. it is served with several sauces, but the chicken is so moist and juicy that the flavor fills your mouth with every bit. there's no need for the extra sauce unless you're looking for a slight change in flavor-the torta de frambuesas was such a good dessert. i liked the flakiness and sweetness. the raspberry flavor was consistent with each bite without being overpowering-great prices-parking wasn't too bad if you're lucky for find someone along the street
What is not to like about rotisserie chicken. Halloween night and a very special friends birthday brought me to Limon Rotisserie. I will have to say it is located in a stretch of So. Van Ness that you wouldn't expect to find such a gem of a restaurant. The space is great, very open and not to loud allowing for the aroma of yummy chickens to flow through the room. Our wait staff was amazing. I am not sure who our primary waiter was but they all just helped as one big team. Yucca fries, papa frittes, whole roast chickens, calamari, ceviche, beets, and so many other yummy things. It was all just delicious and perfect for a group of 7 people to share. If you want something to warm you up on a dismal day then check out Limon Rotisserie.
Lomo soltado, chevice & yucca fries to die for!! Spicy rocotto sauce specially request from the kitchen yummy firey-hot. Basement level seating not attractive.
Decent (3.5), but not sure what all the fuss is about. Chicken was good, but too salty. Half chicken for $10 is always good though. Sauteed veggies and sweet potato fries were ok. Ceviche was great and so was the sangria. The molten choclate cake was pretty good too.Fairly small and packed place, but we didn't have to wait too long and the service was snappy. They get ppl in and out fairly quick.
This place doesn't have the best tapas in the world, but I probably only think that because I've been spoiled by Jaleo. Their ceviche is amazing, and while I wasn't all that into the french fries / yucca fries, everyone else thought they were the cat's pajamas. The restaurant is ridiculously crowded, but they'll let you sit at the bar while you're waiting and there's a mirror on the wall so you can watch the chefs set things on fire. They also have decent sangria, and the mango lemonade is kickass.
I really enjoyed this place. Sat at the bar... was a bit hot in there but enjoyed sitting in the mix of it all. Started with the red wine sangria which was reaaallly great. Shared nice Tapas style plates w/ a friend and liked everything we had. Impressive speed with how fast our plates came on a busy Friday night.
Great chicken and affordable.
Me and my gf been here twice. Our fav one is "halibut ceviche". We even double order this the first time. The second fav of mine is the Limon fried chicken (reminds me of Japanese style chicken karaage) also the rotisserie chicken. They're all very tasty. Don't bother with the camarones, the grilled shrimp, it wasn't memorable at all and I cook better at home, much better. The lomo saltado is very salty, my gf thinks it's all soaked in a full marinated soy sauce, super salty. You need rice to eat them. I had better lomo saltodo somewhere else. The beef with oyster sauce is pretty good, too. The ambient is quite nice, really good service, but wished the place is a bit bigger. They should expand it little bit. This just became our new fav spot to eat. Since they only serve tapas style, which is good, so you can try 4 or more plates and the price is reasonable, too.
Fantastic food and AMAZINGLY cheap! You'll eat as much as you can stuff and the bill will be about $20 per person including sangria!Downstairs area great for larger groups!
the chicken here is like crack - it really is that good. i genuinely don't know what they do to it but it's delicious everytime. only concern is that sometimes i've had to wait a long time for a table even with a reservation. that said, i'd still go back - it's that tasty. (and v cheap considering)
Wow! I live just a few blocks away and cannot believe this was our first visit. It took another friend in the hood to drag us over. We started with 3 orders of empanadas that came with two dipping sauces. When they arrived my first thought was - we ordered too much for a starter - wrong - they were crazy good and all devoured. From there we moved on to Vegetable Salteados - Grilled Green Beens and peppers - perfect texture in a nice marinade, Ceviche Halibut fillet & Tiger Shrimp, Ahi Tuna Tartar with a Ponzu dressing - very fresh and tasty. 2 of each. And lastly - Skewered tiger shrimp in a garlic, ginger type sauce. Yep - All good. And whatever that Red Portuguese Wine was they recommended - complemented everything perfectly. Service was spot on! Great addition to the neighborhood. We'll be back regularly.
OK food, bad service. Love the peruvian steak and fries, their sangria's ok, but the waitstaff and the Maitre'De are unfriendly and cold.
Went for a business lunch this week. Comfortable, clean atmosphere though the chairs were uncomfortable. That aside, the food was delicious. Our group ordered almost every small plate on the menu and loved it. It's not often you find this type of latin food and it is definitely a refreshing change of flavors I"m not accustomed too.
I really liked this place. My boyfriend and I could not get over how great the food was. We were talking about it even the day after...i don't know what it is. I mean the food is very simple, i love the sangria. I think it's also just the vibe in the place, it's loud and real fun. People enjoying their time there.
This is a bit of a mixed review. Much of the food here was very tasty and flavorful. The ceviche was super fresh and truly delicious. The spicy sauses served on the side were just right.The rotisserie chicken was moist and very well seasoned. truly unique compared to your run of the mill rotisserie style chicken. On the negative, my dining partner and I felt that they pushed the limits of "small plates" to truly tiny. The ensalada rusa for example was very good but very very small (a disappointment given how inexpensive the ingredients are).The chicken with 2 sides seemed to be a better deal (although the sides again are quite small).nonetheless, I'll be back for the flavor.
Very attentive service. High quality food. Excellent prices. Comfortable, modern atmosphere. Well done.
Nice Surprise! Driving from Potrero Hill at 9:30pm with an empty stomach, I ran into this place with my girlfriend. For that time of night, it was very busy so we took the hint and entered. The hostess told us "Sorry, no chicken" but the waitress said that one last yummy roasted chicken was waiting for us. The sauces that went along with the chicken were fantastic, as was the Sangria. The Yucas Fritas (which I was trying for the first time) were simple but delicious. Good music, lively environment, good food - I don't know why I'm giving it four stars.
Oops, I thought I'd written this review, but apparently not. I came here a couple weeks ago with a group of about twelve people. Bonus points that I was driving here and there was no problem finding street parking. Many, many thanks to Carlos A. for organizing our group (and getting there about an hour early to secure us a table). The place is small, they don't take reservations, but the food is DELISH! The chicken was fantastic - juicy tender meat and crispy delicious skin. I love eating with people who don't like the wings, those are my favorite! We tried a bunch of the steak dishes, they were tender, cooked and seasoned perfectly. The ahi tartare was fresh and tasty, and the side dishes rounded out the meal perfectly. I did not drink that night, but was told the sangria was perfect and not too sweet. I have to say, I was slightly disappointed by the cheesecake-like dessert I tried. It was certainly good, but after such a spectacular meal I was expecting dessert to be orgasmic, and alas it was not. Oh well, next time I'll just order more at the main course and skip dessert. I like salty stuff better anyway. :-) Oh, how could I forget the best part of the meal - each of us only paid $20. For a TON of food and the sangria. Seriously cannot beat that in SF.
The chicken, the chicken, the chicken. Mmmmm.
A very inexpensive fine dining experience. I would not say that this is very "authentic" Peruvian food, but it is none the worse for it. I have been here quite a few times now, and the chicken has always been flawlessly cooked and seasoned. The sides are always delicious. I enjoy the sangria quite a bit. It is however, a noisy restaurant so that is worth bearing in mind if you are with company that has hearing difficulties (speaking from first hand experience here), or are looking for a quieter conversation over dinner. Be prepared to wait half an hour for a table, as the place is usually packed. The service is typically fast and attentive though. I haven't had the ceviche here yet which is a shame as I have found Peruvian inspired ceviches to be the best.
I just wish they were located in my neighborhood. The food is delicious and well proportioned. I love getting the whole chicken to go because it is the best rotisserie in the city. You can go there on a date and eat very well and drink their sangria for under $75 and be extremely satisfied.
Sorry all the lovers of this place....I went here for my bf's birthday. The food was not so good. Everything we ordered was SUPER peppery. Wayyy wayyy too much, but in itself I do not blame this place for not preparing food the way I like it (which is admittedly rare, however, I like almost everything usually)The kicker, and why this place loses so many stars is not because I thought the food was largely bad, is in fact because of their Sangria. I love sangria, and their sangria is actually pretty good (was debating whether it was REAL sangria or just the wine based without spirits...)The pitcher is 25 dollars and is 90 % ice.I don't really love chachacha's sangria (Although it is good, i've just had better) but their sangria is 21 dollars for a big pitcher that isn't full of ice. This made Limon a rip off...Their service however is spot on. Very impressed with the service. I will try the chicken next time and get my sangria before or after from Chachacha.
My tongue has never been happier with a chicken... Great rotisserie chicken, mouth-watering yuca frita (even my Cuban friend's grandmother didn't make it this good), and delicious vegetables. I thought the portions were large for the price, the service was quick and polite, and the restaurant clean and welcoming. Good looking Mission crowd too. I'll go back again and again.
love this place! we walked in when it was packed, but because there were only 2 of us (i guess), we got seated right away! the chicken was amazing and the sweet potato fries were great! we were going to pass on drinking, but the sangria at the table next to us looked so good, so we went for it! it did not disappoint! it was also pretty cheap- $10 for half a chicken and 2 sides! i would def. go back!
Been there twice this past year, everything is great im not going to go into detail on how great the ceviche is, with its delcious fish, choclo, shrimp. Its freakin good. Lives up to the yelp hype, not just a trendy place.
The chicken is rightfully the highlight of the place. It was deliciously seasoned and fall off the bone tender. We also tried the crispy jalea and ceviche mixto, which were nice counterpoints to each other. The tacu tacu, papas fritas and yucca fritas sides didn't really stamp an impression on me though. They were mostly bland and way too starchy. Oh, and order a pitcher of the sangria. It is the perfect accompaniment to the chicken.
This place is great! I went there with 5 other girlfriends for dinner last night, our tab was $102 with tip and a couple glasses of wine, for 6 GIRLS! We got a full chicken with tacu-tacu (still not even quite sure what this was but it was good) and veggies and we also go yuca fries and sweet potatoe fries along with a beet salad (ensalada rusa), a steak dish and ahi tartar. Everything was flavorful and seemed pretty healthy! Service was good, food was fast and delicious! I will definitely be back soon to enjoy more!!!
I finally checked this place out. Tried a bunch of different dishes. What else can be said? Awesome!
Love this place! Best Sangria I have ever had! I love the tar tare and the ceviche my favORITE !! Everything on the menu is GREAT!!
I love this place. Hubby and I had dinner here with lots of meat, sangria, and enough for leftovers for about $50! The food is excellent, the service is attentive, and it has a good vibe. Highly recommended!
ordered the short ribs and ceviche mixto. short ribs were ok, nothing special. ceviche was banging - packed full of flavor. it was a seafood ceviche with some red snapper that had some amazing taste and texture. cool spot to kick it and have a good convo.
Lousy service today, (he was assigned five tables--poor baby!). Tiny portions, split a ceviche de pescado, tiny, we each had lomo saltado--tiny, salty and the meat was tough. Had to ask for rice-should come with it automatically. This and drinks was $40.00 plus tip. The thing to get here is chicken which is substantial and comes with good sides for ten bucks. $50.00 for lunch for two and bad service is not cool.
I'm delighted by Limon Rotisserie!! First, side sauces always score big points with me. The chimichurri is my favorite. Second, how can you not love a place that offers a whole rotisserie chicken?!? It's soooooo tender and nothing compliments it better than the aforementioned chimichurri sauce. Third, the sangria gets the job done!!
The chicken is fantastic. Worth the trip which is good news because the rest of the menu is good but not great.
mission gem.
This place was amazing. Incredible food, fantastic service, great atmosphere. The rotisserie chicken is an absolute must; also, I highly recommend the ceviche appetizer, and the yuca fries are a great pick for one of your sides. Drink-wise, you gotta go with a pitcher of sangria. Eduardo (one of four brothers who own and operate the place) is a phenomenal server. I give this place A+'s all around
Been back 4 times and it's been consistently awesome. Recommended it to a few people and they loved it as well. Good job Limon Rotisserie!
I went here for lunch, we got there around 1pm and they had already ran out of the rotisserie chicken, but it allowed us to try the other items for a change. The tuna tartare and stir fried sirloin steak are great. The papa fries were reallyu bood, but tasted exactly like mc donalds. My only dislike was that all the food was very salty. The decor is light and airly. The waiters aren't the most knowledgeable, we asked what spices were in the vegetables and no one seemed to know. But i'll definately try and go back for the chicken.
Factor in the prices, and the other-worldly rotisserie chicken, and this off-shoot may be even better than the original.
They do flavors Good!!!
I was impressed. The chicken is amazing... among the best I have ever had. The sides were also good and I loved both the "Lomito" Saltado and the Aguadito de Pollo. Portions are a bit on the small side but not horribly so, and the prices are reasonable. Limited alcohol selection but what they have does cover a range. Service was also good, but to be fair we were one of two groups there for lunch so they weren't that busy. The fact that there were only 6 people eating lunch there on a rainy weekend is a bit odd, I hope they are doing better business at other times as I would like to be able to eat here again in the future.
Awesome, simply awesome.Met a friend here for lunch today. We shared the Ensalada Rusa (beets & potatoes in a mustard aioli), the Ceviche de Pescado (a classic halibut ceviche) and the Chicharron de Pollo (crispy chicken).Each dish was better than the last - the beet salad was flavorful, the beets chilly, chunky and just a slight crispness to them. The ceviche was large, mouth watering slabs of fishly goodness infused with lime, and the chicken was some of the crispiest, most succulent fowl I have ever wrapped my taste buds around.We topped off this incredible meal with a hunk 'o bread pudding (Budin) - YUM! Plus a couple of lemonades (LOVED my strawberry lemonade and she felt the same about her mango lemonade).This may be my new favorite nice lunch spot in the Mission. But it IS a little on the spendy side ($20-30ish for lunch w/ tax & tip) - so definitely go if someone else is buying, you just got a bonus, you still have a corporate expense account or you find a 20 spot on the ground!
My first experience at Limon was similar to some of the other reviews in that the wait was really long. We ended up leaving, much to my disappointment. I went back a few days later with my coworkers. We asked our waiter, who was extremely helpful, for any ideas on what to get. He said that the rotisserie chicken was the best. It is also on the 7x7 top 100 items as well. He explained that it was marinated for 48 hours in some special spices and it is would be the best we would ever have. We were sold on the spot. I split a half chicken with one of my coworkers and my side was the tacu tacu (refried beans and rice, lightly battered and then fried) and the fries. The tacu tacu is really really good!! My coworkers said that the roasted vegetables were really good too. Also the drinks are really good. The mango or strawberry lemonade are both really good choices. If you go on a weekend night, just be prepared to get there early or wait. But the wait is definitely worth it.
Great place, cozy atmosphere and interesting cuisine choices. Great for a date! Minus 1 star for not taking reservations and not being on Opentable.
We walked in at 5:30 Sunday night. I've heard this place gets crowded but we got there early enough and probably also got lucky. There was 7 of us and a table opened up just as we got there. I read some of the recent negative posts, mostly about a rude and obnoxious host. We did not experience that guy. Our host was a very nice lady. Not only did she offer to take our coats, but worked to help put the extra tables together for our large party and helped us find a place for our baby stroller.This place is noisy and busy in a good way. Great vibe! The food was EXCELLENT. Going here in a large group is the way to go. You can order more things. We had:One whole chicken - some of the tastiest chicken I've ever had. Tender, moist and very tasty. My two year old son kept asking for more. We couldn't feed it to him fast enoughBoth Ceviches were very good. It came with these little nutty things that were like roasted pine nuts and largest kernels of corn on the cob I've ever seen. Things I've never eaten before, and glad I tried.Ensalada Rusa a classic Limean salad - I love beet salads. This did not disappointTartara de Tuna Ahi - I don't know what they put in it, but it tasted so good. Very unique spicing. You've got to try it.Braised Beef Short Ribs - VERY VERY tender. I could bathe in the sauce they came in.We had something else that was like a Chinese vegetable stir fry. It tasted surprisingly like authentic Chinese food. I come to find out that Peru has a large Chinese population and Chinese food has worked it's way into Peruvian cooking.This place is great. But if you can't stand waiting, from what I hear, you should go early.
Great experience. We were seated right away and warned about the children near our table (loved that!). The sangria was awesome, the small plates were awesome, the chicken was awesome and the dessert was awesome. The staff was the best part. Our waiter was so busy, but so nice to us and the host was great. You go, chicken head. :)I will absolutely return.
Good stuff here. Small tapas plates were very cool, chicken was great, fritas were average though. Great atmosphere, good food, really good san gria.
Unbelievably good! Not only is this the best rotisserie chicken I think I've ever had, but an entire half chicken was less than $10 including a side of yucca fries that were perfectly balanced between crispy outside and mushy inside accompanied by a yellow sauce and a green sauce that were just amazing.
One word - AMAZING. Their food is awesome - I've tried the Ceviche de Pescado, Ensalada Mixta, Pollo alla Brasa (w/Papas Fritas, Vegetales Salteados, Ensalada, and Tacu-Tacu). Their Sangria is pretty tasty as well. For the most part, their service is great too - very accommodating and attentive. One point I want to note is that it does tend to be a tad bit on the salty side (Peruvian food typically is) so if you don't like salt, I may not recommend this place to you.
Good ambiance, great food at surprisingly affordable prices, and spectacular service!! Totally earns five stars. We were blown away on our first visit and the second visit today totally sealed the deal. Limon is now one of my favorite places in the city.Perfect start - Ceviche (we had the halibut but the others sound good too)Must order - Rotisserie chickenFinal Indulgence - Bandido chocolate cakeAll of this and the sangria at less than $20 per head....unbelievable!!
came here on a whim while looking for a place for a quick, late-ish dinner one night. we shared half a chicken (so flavorful) with yucca fries (i want to replace all future french fries in my life with yucca fries) and anticucho, skewers of grilled beef hearts (that's right, we don't mess around). if you're not squeamish about eating offal, i highly recommend the hearts as a gateway organ -- absolutely delicious! when my sis came here a while back, she was disappointed by the lack of sangria, but i'm happy to report that situation has since been remedied. a filling dinner of half a chicken with two sides for $10? now that's economic stimulus!
Amazing rotisserie chicken. Great side dishes. and really really affordable. One small note- there aren't free drink refills so watch out for that. And make reservations on the weekends.
i was very sad when i heard they had to temp shut down on valencia - but heard about the sista location and had to go for a whirl asap.. and my verdict?! ding ding ding! same excellent quality ! but whats even more fab are the prices! we had all the below and the tab only came to $30! shocker - what a bargain, for the caliber of food..what we consumed:-1/4 rotisserie chicken - which was delish! very juicy and flavourful.. which were accompanied by two sides - we went for the yucca fries (soo yummy) and veggies.-ceviche y pescado y camaron - halibut and prawns.. which was very fresh and refreshing.- calamari - which was our fave! it has to be the bestest calamari to date.. the batter was very tasty and the accompanying sauce was delish. - sangria - which was super good...it was made perfectly and the most appropriate compliment to the flavour profiles.. and i know this is reverse, but i have to mention the delicious bread they serve before the meal.. it is served with two sauces that were soo yummy! yaay for limon numero dos! it is a fantastic lowkey, casual, cute spot for excellent peruvian cusine!
Cons:-The piece of metal confetti I found in my soup-The yucca fries that were still frozen insidePros: -Excellent ceviche mixto-Prompt and efficient service-Nice atmosphere and appropriate pricesMy girlfriend and I headed out to Limon Rotisserie this past Saturday and arrived at 7:00 expecting a hoard of people. Instead, we got seats right away by an open window - very nice on a hot evening. And by the way, the hostess told us that they do take reservations, despite what Yelp says.The waiters were helpful, fast and very professional. We started out with beers - an Imperial and a Cristal. Small gripe here: There are five beers on the menu and they're all $4. There should be a $3 beer, but I suppose you have to charge a bit more if you're importing.We split a half chicken - which comes with two sides - and then got two other plates: a ceviche mixto for her, an aguadito de pollo (basically a chicken stew) for me. For sides I got yucca fries and she got sauteed vegetables.The food came out fast, perhaps suspiciously so. I understand the chicken is ready-to-go, it being on a rotisserie, but the speed of the service caused a couple mishaps in my dinner. First, I found a piece of metal confetti in my chicken stew. It was about an inch long, and twisted. Malleable, but not soft like a piece of real confetti. More on that later.The other mishap were my yucca fries. The plate came with around six fries, and each one was cool or even cold in the middle, like they had been unsuccessfully defrosted in a microwave. They would have bordered on inedible had Limon not provided two small bowls of different delicious sauces, which I heaped liberally on the fries.My girlfriend's ceviche, on the other hand, was perfectly balanced with citrus, spice and salt. Delicious. Her sauteed vegetables were well-cooked, but nothing we couldn't do at home. The chicken - Limon's flagship dish - was surprisingly just OK. Not to say it was actually bad, just not what you would expect from a declared "rotisserie." It seemed that the effort that went into making a salty and delicious skin had left the chicken itself rather dry. Still, not bad.Finally, aside from the metal confetti, my chicken stew was actually quite good - the second-best dish after the ceviche in my opinion. Regarding the metal: I don't like causing scenes, or complaining to people in the service industry, but I felt compelled to tell a waiter about the metal in my stew. I got up and walked to the back to give one a quiet word, but then another man, probably a manager, swooped in and asked what the problem was. I handed him the metal shard, and he said he would take care of it.Limon took the offending soup off of our bill, which was appreciated, though my friend, who was a waiter and bartender himself for a couple years, said the restaurant should've offered a free dinner. Limon was very satisfactory, and even if the chicken stew hadn't been comped, we would've each paid only in the mid-$20 range for a lot of tasty food. But I was left a little uneasy at the thought that I could've swallowed a tiny, twisted piece of metal, and that will probably scare me away from coming back again any time soon. Still, Limon's atmosphere, service, a few great dishes make it a 3/5 in my book.
What a great value! The food is delicous, similar to their other location but more affordable. The rotisserie chicken is tasty and great for a group to share. They are still working on their liquor license, but in the meantime they have delicious sangria. You must order the tacu-tacu. little fried rice cakes, yum!
Super delicious chicken! Great little restaurant in the Mission. Parking can sometimes be difficult but not as hard as North Beach. Will go again.
Great ambiance, fairly good service even on a busy night. The entrees are superb, and the apps are good too, though the Yucca fries were lacking. Great example of peruvian cuisine.
The food was....... good, I guess;  the service was........good, but I hate leaving a restaurant with a 90 dollar tab and not really being satisfied. The people who work there are nice, but it is a little too expensive to leave after dinner and still want to go home and eat leftovers...
I came here on a Wednesday night with my foodie friend who wanted to try it. We had to wait about 30 minutes to get a table so we chatted outside and it was mild October night so the time flew by. When we got in the place was small with warm lighting and nice art on the walls. The place was a little loud but we were able to still converse without raising our voices too much. Since the pricing was good we decided to order a lot of things. We ordered the halibut and tiger shrimp ceviche, a whole rotisserie chicken with fries and rice for sides, chicken chicharron, fried calamari, fish, and yucca, and the chiramoya creme brulee and tiramisu for dessert. The ceviche seemed to be lacking in flavor and sweetness from the seafood but it was decent, the chicken chicharron were good but an instant heart attack on a plate, the fried calamari, fish, and yucca were very plain and forgettable, but the rotisserie chicken was very succulent and flavorful with a good rub/marinade on it. The only thing I noticed though was that it was on the fine line between well seasoned and too salty. As for desserts the chiramoya creme brulee was rich and creamy but the tiramisu was fantastic. It wasn't the conventional tiramisu but individually constructed in a goblet with a layering of the ladyfingers and creme.The service of this place was solid with their excellent staff; I didn't even notice them changing silverware and switching out plates during the meal. We paid about $35 each with tax and tip and for all the food we got and how full our bellies were, it was a great value. Although Peruvian food is not my favorite, I'll definitely come back her for the chicken and the tiramisu.Scoring Breakdown: Ambiance - 10%, Food - 50%, Service - 20%, Value - 20%My score is as follows:Ambiance: 3.75 starsFood: 3.75 starsService. 4.0 starsValue: 4.25 starsOverall: 3.9 stars = 4 stars
Yum to Ceviche, sweet potatoe fries and succulant rottiserie chicken. Top it off with that Pisco Sour, and it's a good night.
consistently good. great small plates and the sauces are delicious! reasonable prices for a casual, tasty meal - and good cocktails.
SO I rolled with 4 deep and was in the mood for some chicken. We split a whole chicken and ordered some seafood and steak platters....the whole chicken we ordered was pretty good...a little tangy but was offset nicely by the rice. The service was good and the decore was quite inviting especially the 3-piece-lemons display. I guess because when we ate there when they had just opened, we were limited to non-alcoholoc drinks...bummer but good, I suppose, considering I was on the clock with co-workers..heehee! Yeah, so I recommend this spot if you're looking to try something new but not really.
Lousy service last night downstairs. We had a group of 10 and we made it easy on the waiter by having one person order for all of us, but he couldn't be bothered to reciprocate. When my friend asked him for some recommendations, he all but rolled his eyes sighing it was all good, which i might have gotten if he had appeared super-busy, but he didnt'. Chicken was tasty enough, sides were average, but the waiter totally turned me off.
Ok so looky here: was up for some fried chicken last night but as I live in the mission and fried chickies are relatively few and far between me and my buddy ended up at Limon Rotisserie. LSS: This place is basically a crackhouse for people who like chicken. Not knowing any better we ordered a mere half chicklet ($9.50!) and a couple of smaller dishes, cerviche, and some deep fried seafood (Jaela?). The cerviche was very yummy, the jaela merely very good. And then there was the chicken. Now looky: I love my budness and I know she loves her chicken and she works hard and lord knows she needs those calories. But as I sat there licking my fingers the thought occurred to me that I could, hypothetically mind you, reach across the table, grab her piece of chicken and run out the door! And she would not be able to catch me!! However, that thought immediately gave way to this: hey I'm licking my fingers, this stuff is no doubt actually "finger licking good." The proof is right here betwixt tongue and said fingers. Then it was on to a brief bout of guilt about licking fingers in rather nice restaurant but that thought was tempered by the fact that the place was jam packed with patrons intent on their own chicken units and no one in the place was paying a hoots ass to me with exception of aforementioned budness.Can also recommend vegetable saltado as a side dish.
this place is awesome. the chicken is really good, and all the small plates we've had- ceviche, empanadas, various beef and chicken dishes-were all excellent and super tasty. the yucca fries are great, and the tacu-tacu, which is rice and beans formed into a log and either fried or baked, is very tasty and different. and their mojito is actually good; most places' mojito taste like either too much syrup or too much booze, but not here. lastly, they have chicha morada here, called inca blu, which is a purple corn drink, that's also pretty good. as far as $ goes, the roasted chicken is very reasonably priced. the small dished are a bit pricey, but definitely not overpriced. it's best to come w/ more people so you can order everything, 'cuz everything is so good
I've been to Limon once and loved it. When this sweet spot opened I couldn't wait to try it. Since it is Monday and all the good sushi spots are closed, me and my bff checked it out. The prices are a steal. We had the chicken, the yucca frites, the rice and beans cake thingie and the veggies. The sauce with the yucca rocked. The chicken was so juicy. I can't wait to pick this up for takeout for myself. Sharing sucks sometimes but I conned my bff into giving up the dark meat. YUM!
I was hesitant at first because I am not a fan of their sister restaurant on Valencia (overpriced and bland), but the menu here is completely different - more small plates, better flavors, lower prices. The ceviche, empanadas, vegetable side dish, roast chicken and chicharron de pollo are all fantastic. Wear elastic-waist pants and order family style. Skip the joint on Valencia and come here instead!
Delicious! Everything, delicious! Friday and Saturday evening it's a long'ish wait for a table. Go for lunch! And, welcome to my 1000 block of South Van Ness Ave where the sun shines on your joy melon.
Great place to hangout! Love the bar area in the basement. It's wide open with tons to space to stand around for drinks and conversation while waiting for a table. What can I say about the rotisseri chicken? Soft, tender, juicy with the right amount of seasoning. My fav is the yucca fries. The best I have in town! You can't go wrong the items on the menu.
Great lunch spot. In expensive yet very impressive. Known for their chevice, they certianly did not let me down when I ordered the mixed seafood version. They add a variety of interesting additions such as Peruvian corn... tastes like hominy but more flavorful. Fried yuccas are a must. Sauteed top sirlon w/ tomates and onions make a great main course over rice.
Great ambience and food is spectacular! I have frequented this place over and over again, each time bringing a new set of friends. None of them have been disappointed.The food: -The rotisserie chicken is what this place is known for. I think it is on the salty side. While others agree, they insist that it is the best chicken they've ever eaten despite the saltiness. -Tacu Tacu: it is fried, rice and beans! This side dish comes in three and is molded into a twinkie shape. Surprisingly yummy!-Pescado Ceviche: I've tried ceviche at many places and Limon's is top notch. The sauce that the marinade the ceviche in has the perfect balance of flavors. They use grouper for the ceviche if anyone is curious.-Sweet potato fries: decent. Nothing notable.-Vegetable empanadas: Usually a meat eater, but these empanadas are the best empanadas I've ever tried! The mascarpone cheese really does zazz up this little treat and the mushrooms (usually I say yuck to mushrooms) are even delightful. I always have to order these little bites of heaven. :)-Sangria: delicious! Quality sangria. However, I wish they would just remove the lemon/orange rinds. Those are unappetizing when I accidentally bite into them.-Blue corn drink: I forgot the name of it, but for those who want something non-alcoholic, this is super special, and definitely Peruvian!The restaurant:Don't get this restaurant confused with the one on Valencia. This one is more affordable and have a different menu from Valencia store. There are two levels to this restaurant. A tip-make reservations and request to sit on the bottom level. The upstairs is too crowded while the downstairs has more ample seating and is conveniently located to a unisex bathroom. They play music downstairs too and has a hip/trendy feel to the place. This place can accomodate large parties and is totally fun for birthday celebrations or graduations. Pros: Affordable and you will get full after nibbling on all the little side dishes on top of the chicken. *One time I came with a party of 10, and they actually accepted 8 different credit cards. Wait service is SPECTACULAR THERE!!!Cons: Parking is a pain. If trying to make it to a reservation, allow at least 30 minutes to find parking on a Fri or Sat. Cramped upstairs and tables are close to each other.
Cheap, cheerful and quite good food but this place isn't a restaurant; it's a neighborhood chicken joint with pretensions. The decor is awful, the service minimal or pretentious and the noise level is immediately headache inducing. To start, my guests were running slightly late for our reservation and were told we had a "15 minute warning" before they gave way our table by the snooty girl who is what passes for a maitre d' in the place. We should have been so lucky! Upstairs is not bad but downstairs is horrible. My heart sank as we were led downstairst to a poured concrete floor basement which smells of the cheap soap in the toilets. It was full of very large tables with birthday parties who kept repeatedly singing happy birthday. It was so loud down there my guests and I could hardly speak to each other. They need to not be so greedy and only place large parties down there and have the basement be a party room. If they don't have any more tables upstairs, then they shouldn't seat any more parties. The downstairs is not a place which merits cloth napkins - it should just have wet towelettes to go with the wipe down seating and the concrete floor. The floor was so dirty that I could feel it crunching under my feet as I walked across it and my banquette seat was also filthy - with crumbs everywhere. The real pity is that the food is really quite good with decent portion sizes. We even managed to ignore the fact that they hadn't had a delivery (always a sign that a restaurant is about to go under) and were missing several drinks options on the menu. All in all, not a place I would repeat despite the good food and definitely wouldn't recommend it unless people want to go in sweats and eat with their fingers while shouting at each other across the table.
food was good but service was a bit below par. Apparently, it's ok to switch your order without asking you, and blame it on you for ordering a few minutes before the kitchen closes.
Had lunch at this place last week. Small restaurant, small tables. Music was awesome. Service was okay. We ordered one of every Tapas plate off the menu. The food was hot and didn't take long. The rotisserie chicken was delish as was the Chicharron and the beef. Dessert was good too. My fav out of the three was the Cheesecake thing. Definately will come back again and recommend.
This restaurant has horrible service that no one should go to. Maybe if you are seated in the upstairs area, you'll get better service. If you like sitting for 10 or 15 minutes without anyone asking for your drink order, halfway through your meal without the drinks, and then made to pay for those nasty drinks at the end, then this may be your restaurant. The ffod arrived promptly, but the service from the hostess to the servers were just horrible. I would not come back to this place ever again. I had a party of 5 and reservation set for 8:30pm. Even getting the bill from them took forever because they messed up.
We were sat in the crowded basement at a low table not intended for dining. The waitstaff was severely overextended which led to us having to beg for service. We ordered the fixed menu to keep things easy but it took one hour for our tap water to arrive and more than two hours for our main course. The food was ok but the service was the worst I've ever experienced in San Francisco. Despite everything they added 20% automatic gratuity to our bill.
the food is amazing!! and this seemed to be the general consensus.. people around us at other tables were very happy with the food tooi have never in my life had such well-seasoned, well-cooked rotisserie chicken. this is the one and only time i have literally picked all the meat off the bone. the shrimp was also really good, as were the sides and the sauces! AND the sangria was delicious! strong, sweet, and perfect! everything was great.the place is not that big, and was pretty packed, but we were seated faster than expected, and the service was quick and people (waitstaff and other diners) were very friendly and helpful!loved it
I LIKE!! me and my four girlfriends had our little reunion here yesterday and we had a good time!We had:-Half of the rotisserie chicken-(It was ok but nothing special. it comes with two sides and we picked Yuca frita and vegetables and it was good! i want more of the Yuca!!) -Ceviche Mixto (OMG, I LOVE IT! the best ceviche i had so far)-Chifa de Camarones Tiger shrimp ( too salty if you eat it alone but if you have it with rice, its ok) -Chicharron de Pollo, crispy pieces of chicken (i like it! i thought it was better than the rotisserie chicken)-Carne a la Parrilla grilled hanger steak( yummm.. i like the steak but uhh the crispy tacu-tacu not so much)-Beef short rib (it was alright, i wouldn't order it again)The best part was we ended up paying only $13 per person. Whoa, at first, we thought we got hooked up or something but no that was what the total came up to be. I would definitely be coming back!! =]
chicken chowder a little salty, so is the chicken. yucca fries = incredible! would love to go back
Yummy! This place is mighty good. The chicken is great, they give you tasty dipping sauces (it is even better the next day cold for lunch). The ceviche lives up to the reputation. I order it to-go, drive by and have dinner for the crew that always pleases. It is a little more expensive than other rotisseries, but waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better.
Trusted all the great reviews on Yelp, went and tried it, and I'm glad I did. We had a great lunch here....nice wine, great chicken, empanadas, sides..... I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for great rotisserie and/or comfort food. The dining room also had nice ambiance and the service was good.
Limon Rotisserie is a wonderful place. The Lomito Saltado is my favorite dish there. I would also recommend the Ceviche Mixto. In contrast to the original limon, this restaurant has more of a casual feel, since the food is served tapas style. The staff are very friendly and attentive. It's a solid place for a more casual dinner.
We had a great experience here. The Ceviche de Pescado was brilliant. The Chicharron de Pollo was fantastic as well, referring specifically to the dipping sauce. The mixed green salad is also a great share item and palate cleanser. $72 for about 5-6 items in total along with wine/sangria with 1 refill. We got an additional refill gratis as well for making them aware of having originally undercharged us. Lots of spanish speaking tables really make this feel authentic. Show up before 7, however, if you would like to be seated in less than 30 minutes. We made that mistake and had to take our first two dishes at the bar...not a terrible situation but certainly less appealing that sitting amid this engaging atmosphere. Super friendly staff across the board. can't wait to return.
They are still working out a few kinks (cash only tonight), but not with the food. Roitisserie was delicious and a good deal, as it includes two sides. Ceviche and sangria were excellent and the staff exceptionally friendly.
great place with good rotisserie chicken. very juicy the first time, kinda dry the second time :/sweet potato fries are great, tacu tacu and empanada were ok (not a big fan of fried food in general), ceviche is good and lime-y, lomito something-or-other (sirloin tips) was good.really inexpensive for groups. i went twice recently in a group of 5. the first check came out to about $60 and the second time, $50 (for the most part, these totals exclude alcoholic drinks).
I live three blocks away and this is now the old standby when I don't know what else to eat. It's really reasonably priced and the food is soooo good. The chicken is really tender and the sides, oh my god, the yuca frita, the papa frita and the vegetables are all incredible. My only complaint was that the chicken was slightly too salty, and the tacu-tacu is not as good as my Peruvian boyfriend makes at home, but even this does not prevent me from making this a 5 star review. Where else can you take a date to eat half a chicken, 2 sides, a ceviche and 2 beers all for under $30?
Limon has the best Peruvian food in the Bay Area. It's served tapas style so it's great for sharing. Definitely get the rotisserie chicken and have some sweet potato fries while you wait. The dipping sauces are amazing! Braised short ribs are fall-apart-tender so don't leave without a bite of that dish and the plate of flavorful vegetales. Not only is the food great, but the atmosphere is warm and relaxed (especially downstairs). Five stars for this SF gem.
One of the best Peruvian restaurants in the city,reasonable priced and with a great selection of appetizers,with rotisserie chicken as the only main dish. Ceviche is awesome, and the yuca and chicharron the pollo highly addictive. The service is just ok, it seems the waiters don't really care much about the business and they are not specially nice with the customers.Other than that is the perfect place for a delicious and inexpensive dinner.
loved sangria, sweet potato fries and vegies. Much prefer the one on van ness to the one on valencia
It pains me to give Limon such a low rating after anticipating the rotisserie for so long! I gotta speak the truth though - the sangria was the best thing I had there. Every dish was way too salty, from the chicken to the side of vegetables. We had to order rice to offset the salt load. To top it off, the chicken was dry. No joke. I would have been better off just ordering a pitcher of sangria and 3 orders of yucca fritas. Let's leave the food aside and talk about the service. I have to give props to our waiter - he was friendly, helpful, and attentive. The negative, though, was our table was right in front of the kitchen and as the restaurant filled up, they allowed waiting patrons to stand along side the kitchen, literally 6 inches from our table. It got extremely uncomfortable trying to enjoy our meal with a party of 6 yacking away and staring at our food. It would have been much appreciated if the host or waitstaff politely asked the patrons to stand near the bar or outside. Sorry, Limon, I'm glad you're here but I won't be returning anytime soon.
Overall excellent food and fun experience. Food was great, waiter was helpful and sangria was tasty. The rice balls (i forget the name) were recommended by the waiter as the most popular dish, but were boring. Wouldn't get them again. Yucca fries were definitely better than the potato fries. Ceviche was good. The mixed fried seafood was very tasty.The main event is the chicken. Very good, but not as good as the dive rotisseries in Peru.
I don't know how I've lived in SF so long without trying this place, but I will definitely be going back soon! The most amazing chicken, loved all of the dipping sauces, the vegetables were delicious, both the yuca and sweet potato fries were great, and I tried the house (non-alcoholic) speciality, the chicha morada, which is also highly recommended. The servers were nice, and the place has great atmosphere. Basically, everything you could want in a restaurant. Oh yeah, and it's cheap...$63 (and that included tip!) for 6 people. Wow.
Don't confuse this restaurant with Limon on Valencia Street (which is closed temporarily due to a recent fire). The menu at the South Van Ness location is much reduced - roterissie chicken and about 8 each of cold small plates and hot small plates. Unfortunately, when I was there this week, two of the hot plates were off the menu, so choice was very limited. The cerviche was just as good as the other Limon location, but I was disappointed in everything else.Drink selections are also very limited, with choices only of sangria, beer or Malbec.As a tapas bar, it's OK but if that's what you're looking for, you will have a better meal (and experience) at Destino.
You can smell the intoxicating aroma of the rotisserie chicken as soon as you enter. Everything we order was super tasty ie the seveche, tuna tartar, ROTISSERIE CHICKEN, sangria, sweet potato fries. The food was orgasmic and the service was great.It was the first time ive had Peruvian food and i loved it. Highly recommended!
for the food alone, this place is tops. for all it's chaos and more relaxed ambience, they still seem to have inherited some of the unnecessary better-than-thou attitude of limn valencia. i'd like to try it again on a (maybe less busy) weeknight.
Best roast chicken I've ever had,hands down. SO good.
As good as Limon, but cheaper! Gotta love it. The chicken and salted veges are delicious. Now... why can't I figure that out at home?
Love, Love, Love this place. Aswome food, but service is a bit lacking (hence 4 instead of 5 stars) I've been eating here for the past 3 years and I will always go back for the food. Yucca fries are by far the best from all the places I've ordered. The chicken is soo good, but sometimes can be a bit salty. I've had almost all the dishes on the menu, and love every single one of them.
great restaurant, very casual but high quality food. sort of like an upscale peruvian chicken joint. you'll see all the usual peruvian offerings, including lomo saltado and peruvian chicken (duh). the lomo saltado was very decent (the hole in the wall in my old neighborhood's was better), but the ceviche and chicken are AWESOME. i highly recommend this place for casual dining but you want something tasty.
Love this place. My husband and I as well as extended family and friends get together here about once a month. Limon has THE BEST rotisserie chicken in the city. We also love the sweet potato fries, the Tacu Tacu, veggies, and great mojitos. The prices here are so affordable, I think it's one of the best deals around. Most nights we walk right in but busy nights like Friday we usually make a reservation, which doesn't always mean the table will be ready when you get there! All in all we have never been disappointed with Limon.
Got a rotisserie chicken with 4 sides TOGO for less than $25.Very tasty meal for 4 people. Hard to beat the price-performance.
I went with a large group and we split a bunch of items. The Rotisserie Chicken, Lomo Saltado, Yucca fries, Ceviche, and Crispy seafood were all winners. We cleaned all the plates. Plus, with multiple pitchers of sangria, how can you go wrong? Bill with tax and tip came out to be just under thirty for 9 of us. Waitstaff was good and the restaurant is not as loud as the Valencia location. I will definitely be heading back.
this place is so good! pretty much everything i've had on their menu is super tasty, and i've tried almost everything they have. not only that but this place is not that expensive. if you get the chicken, it comes w/ two sides for free! the saltado sauce is incredible whether you get it w/ beef or vegetables.
where can i find more yucca fries?
Absolutely the best rotisserie chicken I've ever had. Also, absolutely the best fried yams I've ever had. The chicken was very tender, juicy, and flavorful without being soggy. I hate soggy rotisserie. The yam fries were kinda healthy due to the fact that they drain the oil before serving it. The sangria is just perfect - cold, fruity, and just enough sweetness.
the rotisserie chicken is to die for, and the chicken soup is a pretty safe bet!! however, some of the dishes could use a lot less salt. the prices are affordable and the staff -- friendly. just be prepared to wait.
I have been a huge fan of Limon on Van Ness, so when I learned of Limon Peruvian Rotisserie, I could not wait. This past weekend, made a trip up to the city and decide to have lunch at Limon Rotisserie. Walking in, the place is very intimate yet you do not feel like you are crowded at your table. Greeted by the friendly staff, immediately makes you feel welcomed to be there. We did had ceviche pescado y camaron for starters, and by surprise there was calamari included. Very nice addition. Our entree was the half chicken with rice and french fries. The chicken melted in your mouth it was so tender and juicy. The chicken was so good, and even ate the skin, in which I never do. Of course topping it off with a Peruvian beer. My recommendation is to go to Limon Rotisserie several times and just work your way down the menu.
I came here looking for something kinda cheap and healthy and it's a great deal! The chicken on the menu is delicious (though not as good as Gooood Frickin Chicken) and the side choices are plentiful. The veggies felt very healthy, and though the Ahi Tuna was kind of a small portion, I felt every other dish definitely gave me my money's worth!
good stuff...
i absolutely love this place! the chicken, ceviche, lomito saltado, sangria, salad, everything is so delicious here! my favorite restaurant!
Not bad, but not really memorable. The Lomas Saltado was pretty good.
I like the full version one better but I hit this spot for lunch yesterday and it was indeed tasty! Was there with 3 others, and we had the chicken and some ceviche, and no complaints about either. Well I guess I would have very much liked the ceviche to be a larger portion, but the flavor was excellent!
There is no better way to spend a Sunday afternoon than to stop in to Limon Rotisserie and order anticuchos with yucca and a glass of chicha. Seriously. That experience alone is worth all five stars. No joke.
Being Peruvian I feel it is partly my obligation to try as many Peruvian restaurants as possible. So it was only a matter of time I paid a visit to Limon. Nestled on a busy corner on 21st and South Van Ness in the heart of the MIssion, this resturant did not disappoint, well, not all the way. Sporting a chique kitchen and ambiance, this place is definitely not for those who are looking for Lomo Saltado the way Mom used to make it. Called Lomito Saltado, it is nonetheless prepared in an exquisitely spiced froth and just the right mix of red onions, tomatoes and french fries. Rice is separate. This is more a tapas-style place, remember. I also decided to try the Anticuchos de Res. Delicious, albeit on the over-spiced side. I would have liked to seen more potato on the dish instead of a 1/8th of a corn and a sliver of yucca. In any event, the meal was very tasty. As mentioned, however, if you want a Peruvian meal served like home, stick with Mi Lindo Peru or even Machu Piccu in San Mateo. This place is certainly for a nice crowd that wants to dabble in a Peruvian meal not be filled up by one. The service was just average and the initial round of soda was flat with no ice. All in all, not a bad place to eat, but, I do miss home.
a few months ago we went to Limon Rotisserie and had a great meal and experience. yesterday, it was very disappointing: 1) waited over 45min for a table - they could have moved few tables around and could have accommodated our group instantly. 2) waiter had "attitude" was NOT good or friendly, should have not been working. 3) did not have chicha. 4) anticuchos were terrible. they had NOT been marinated long and were very thin slices - clearly the kitchen was trying to stretch what they had to serve. 5) maracuya sours did NOT even have a hint of passion fruit, it was no different then the pisco sour with a light orangy color. 6) both cebiches (mixto and de pescado) were small portions and were made with fake limes bought in bottles not with the necessary fresh limes. 7) seco de costillas, why bother to mention the ingredient huacatay if no one can taste it :(we did agree that the rotisserie chicken was prepared well and the yuca fries side dish was delicious. But will continue on our quest for better Peruvian food.
ordered the chicharron de pollo, lomo saltado, tuna tartare, and a side of rice. food was delicious! i'd recommend all 3 dishes. however, it came out to be about $15/person and it just wasn't enough to satisfy our appetites. we would have ordered a fourth dish, if we weren't planning on going out for dessert. all in all, the service was fine and they've got great items on their menu. but, if i'm in the mood for lomo saltado, i'd much rather go to fresca for $18, i can get more than twice the serving, compared to limon's small plate for $9.75.
Can't say enough about Limon Rotisseria. The food was awesome, the wait staff was extremely nice and accomodating and the ambiance was really cool. Added bonus is that the prices are very reasonable.
impressive take-out... and who has a 1000+ reviews?! you have to check this spot out!
best chicken to eat in sf!
A definite winner. Small plates all very delicious and presented well. Prices moderate, nice ambience and attentive waitstaff. Very casual too.
We dropped in last night (no reservation) and it was a mad house. The hostess told us 20 min, and we waited. After 35 minutes, seeing other people arrive and be seated before us, I asked the hostess whats up! She replied it would be a 20 minute wait!! Can't tell you if the food is good, we left.
Oh my gosh most flavorful chicken IN THE WORLD. So delish! The empanadas are also amazing. It's such a fun, chill place too. And the price is really reasonable. Good wine, sangria, tons of food, and dessert came to under $30 per person (with tip). A total gem!
i totally love this place...off top because the food is very tasty, secondly, because its very affordable and lastly, because the portions are just right...above all that, the employees have always been very friendly...
The service was horrible, there's a the policy of only seating once half the party arrived. Well when more than half our party had arrived, they still made us wait around for 30 minutes. So they basically couldn't seat us, because some issue with the parties downstairs which had thrown off their seating. That is what I was told. We all had brought our appetites, and having a 9pm reservation and waiting for that long was not really good, especially for the hungry among us. Oh well, we get seated finally. Then waiting for some water and food took another 30 minutes again. After 1 hour, you can imagine how snappy some of us were. Finally I request the manager. Our non-waiter actually snaps to it, and starts bringing us water and telling us our cold plates are on the way. So now its probably been 1 hour 15 minutes and we finally get something to eat. Again with the seating, we asked for a chair and we get some crazy explanation about a fire exit?? I mean seriously our experience is pretty much similar to the one below. I do finally talk to the manager/owner/chef, and he is on the side of his staff, saying well I think you're overreacting, embellishing the times. After talking to him, our food does seem to come quicker. That of course, is after they bring the adjacent table's food to us first and then realize it is the wrong table and take it back. Our tables are adjacent each other but separated by a couch in between. It was just an odd night with odd behavior, and odd accusations. I would definitely eat the food again, but I would not go in a large group for a special occasion in the future.
took our waiter's recommendations and he delivered: whole chicken, the shrimp, one of the salads, tacu tacu and the fried yuca side. the right amount of food for four, with a good bottle of white wine. chicken was the best thing on the menu, and pretty mind-blowing. and cheap! skip the burrito at La Taqueria next time, just go get a quarter chicken from here for dinner and you'll be set.
my friend d took me here for a late birthday dinner. we went at around 8pm on a friday night and were seated right away. there was just one table, for two, and we got it. the bad thing was it was FREEZING. they need a vestibule or curtains or something cuz that door opens sooo wide and the biggest breezes go on the whole front row of tables. the food itself comes in small dishes. we ordered one chicken dish and 2 beef dishes, and then a side of rice and a side of veggies. we also each had a glass of sangria. the sangria was really tasty, like juice. d really liked the fried chicken thingies i thought they were a li dry and boring. i loved the beef something with a sauce and the other beef thing was tasty too, so tender. there is only one bathroom, unisex, for the whole restaurant, which can cause a line. overall, i liked this place a lot, except for the layout.
peruvian cooking uses a lot of soy sauce. kind of suprising.it was satisfying and priced well. the service was very friendly. but they need to put a curtain or something to frame the entrance.
Well, I finally went to Limon Rotisserie. Let me start by saying the food is delicious and I'm so glad I went. However, I could only give the restaurant 3 stars as I found the service to be not-so-great and the location questionable (single woman walking there at night...not so good)! The waiter was very attentive prior to taking our order, but once taken, it took a long time for the first course to come out. Then the 2nd-5th courses all came within minutes of each other...not the best delivery technique. Once dinner was served, we were pretty much ignored except for the assistant wait-staff who regularly refilled our glasses of water (thank you to those guys). It took me a long time to flag our waiter (or any of his helpers) to request a dessert menu. When we got the menu, he took a good 15 to 20 minutes to come back and take our order. In the meantime, a cake was delivered (we were there for a birthday) with a candle that was not lit, and no utensils. Thank goodness I carry matches with me. By the time the waiter came back, we were done with the idea of dessert and asked to please have the check. I left thinking that the food was worth a pick-up, but I wouldn't be returning to dine-in until the wait staff is schooled on how to care for the customers.
I think the best thing I had at Limon was the Sangria. Everything else was only A-OK. I don't remember what the fried chicken pieces is called but the chicken was probably in the fryer for a little way over time. It came out almost black, and I couldn't even chew into it. I thought everything was a little bit on the salty side. Blah, I don't think I'll go back again.
This place is a steal! Wonderful food at affordable prices and great sangria all in a nice atmosphere.
My parents and I decided to try out this joint for lunch and we were all very pleased. It was a warm Friday afternoon and we were the second group of people entering the restaurant. For starters, we ordered the Shrimp and Fish ceviche; it was very tasty and refreshing; the seafood was extremely fresh and the dressing was not too sour like in other similar restaurants. Next came the whole chicken, steamed vegetables, and french fries. The chicken was fingerlicking deliciouse. I initially had a fear the the chicken would taste like El Pollo Loco (which I have nothing against; still good but why go anywhere else then?), but the chicken packs a whallop of flavor and was juicy and tender. Also you would think the vegetables would be dull and flavorless, however, they add spices to the extremely fresh veggies, I had multiple servings.The french fries are just your plain ol fries; nothing really to complain...I just wished it packed more of a punch. I also decided to try their sangria which was also very good...a little too sweet for me but nonetheless, resfreshing and delicious. The service was nothing special; attentive and got the job done however nothing where they add a personal touch. The bill was a shocker too! It's For all that food, I paid less than $40 including tip. I will definitely come back to this place! Great food! Great value!
This place is SO yummy. The chicken is tender and seasoned well. And the price is right! I recommend this restaurant for anyone looking for a casual dining experience and those on a budget.
the chicken was pretty good. reasonably priced; good setting; parking...well, it's like that everywhere else in the city. i'll go back again very soon.
On the second try of going to this place, I finally got in without having to wait an absurd amount of time to eat! Beware - on the wknds they can have a long wait. Overall a great experience - tasty chicken (c'mon it's called Limon Rotisserie, so indulge yourself in that rotisserie style chicken - plus it's your best bet in having a value meal) & great sides. So, something unknown to me as we're deciding on what to order is that when you order the whole chicken you get two sides. I didn't realize it at the time, and so we overordered. Even with the great fun loving four women we were, we so overstuffed our turkey bodies that we didn't even have room for the dessert! As a woman, I personally am not sure how we got to that point. I know I know, you ask why didn't cut out some of the dishes you ordered - well it was sort of "too late" as I had ended up ordering the cold dishes first then the warm ones. So I did end up cutting out one of the hot dishes. Sorry I am digressing....We ordered the:- ceviches de pescados: excellent quality with great flavors- beet salad (I forgot the name): beware this salad tastes essentially like a mustard based potato salad - and although the beets do add an earthy texture, it just wasnt' my favorite thing and I would elect for something else (unless you are vegetarian)- CHICKEN- Did like the flavors - tasted like a cumin rub of some sort with some great accompanying sauces made out of peruvian chiles. yum! - Short Ribs - WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY too salty. DO NOT ORDER! I've had many short ribs about 1000x better, save yourself money.- Vegetables Salteados (sp?) - Good, but nothing like WOW, but definitely a value priced vegetable - I always love fiber!- My favorite - TACU-TACU - if you dont' like rice & beans do NOT order this. Else, DO IT! It's essentially a slightly spice rice & bean mixture that has been deep fried - think KFC deep fried delicious exterior (but without animal lard) on top of some yummy rice & beans.I could definitely go back just for tacu-tacu. Another great deal - $5 for a glass of sangria. Excellent. I will be back.Bon Appetit!
I'm 99% vegan/vegetarian*, and I had a fabulous meal at Limon Rotisserie! Problem: The menu is short on veg items.Solution: Order every friggin' veg item on the menu! Well, duh!I wanted to treat my boyfriend (a meat eater) to a night out. He chose Limon Rotisserie as a sentimental throwback to our trip to Peru back in 2005. From the reviews on yelp, I gleaned that this place does not cater to vegetarians. I figured I'd deal with it so I could treat the boy to what he wanted. The menu online had some veggie sides, so I wouldn't completely starve.It was last minute idea, so we showed up at 9:45 p.m. Saturday with no reservation. Luckily, there were 2 tables open so we had no problem getting seated. The first thing my boyfriend noticed was that the place was filled with people of all different types, from all different neighborhoods. Suburban families, couples on dates, hipsters, a group of well-dressed corporate types, all kinds.My bf left it up to me to order whatever, as long as he could get the Lomo Saltado (made with beef, fried potatoes, and veggies). So here's what I ordered for us:* 2 glasses of Sangria ... a little too sweet? Maybe, but just the thing to set a festive mood!* Ensalada Rusa a classic Limean salad. Red beets, potatoes, carrots, green beans tossed in a mustard aioli dressing ... YUM! ... comes out looking like a sushi roll.* Ensalada Mixta organic mixed greens, cucumbers, and radishes tossed in fresh lime vinaigrette. ... "quite standard really" (my Dr. Evil voice) ... but in this case, "quite standard" means "quite tasty" and the perfect foil to the other fried and salty foods on our table.* Yuca Frita (delicately fried to perfection, with 2 lovely, complex dipping sauces)* Vegetales Salteados (string beans and other vegetables in a salty broth ... my boyfriend loved this! So did I.)* "Lomito" Saltado a traditional Peruvian dish of stir-fried top sirloin strips, onions, tomato,soy sauce and served with fries. (for my boyfriend ... everything else we shared)* Tacu Tacu (dense dumplings made with rice and beans ... must be some kind of "comfort food" that I'm not familiar with ... when I say comfort food, I mean "really filling and BLAND" ... however, the tacu tacu was good when spiced up with the dipping sauces that came with the yucca fries; I ate most of these because my boyfriend was too stuffed to eat them)All in all ... the selection of tastes and flavors and variety of textures was a total hit! We were FULL after consuming all of the above. No room for dessert!  AND .... I was pleasantly surprised when I got the check ... only $42 (before tip) ... for 2 people, including drinks and fantastic food, in such a lovely ambiance! I was so amazed by the value, I just had to rush to my computer this morning and write a review on yelp.I also wanted to give the 99% vegans/vegetarians out there the good news that you can indeed piece together an exquisite and satisfying meal in this very meat-centric place .... you won't be relegated to just eating french fries and ketchup in the corner. You will totally have plenty to eat if you order everything veg on the menu and share with your date.By the way, the service was wonderful. Everything felt very orderly and efficient without being rushed ... we had time to enjoy and savor each dish, and shortly after another one would come out and delight our taste buds in a totally new way.And did I mention the VALUE!!! Oh, I think I did. Bravo, Limon Rotisserie!* When I say 99% vegan/vegetarian, that means I avoid all animal products; I shop and cook 100% vegan, and I normally eat at vegan-friendly restaurants. But if I'm in a place like Limon Rotisserie (or at someone else's house, someone who doesn't understand about vegans), I do the best I can to make the meal as vegan as possible. In these situations, I don't stress if there might be mayonnaise in the aioli or butter in the rice. I bring this up because I believe the veg selections at Limon Rotisserie are okay for 99% vegans like me but not okay for a 100% vegan purist (someone who will not tolerate any animal products in their food, no matter what).  It will be great when all the restaurants catch on and start using vegenaise instead of mayonnaise in their aioli sauce and olive oil or non-hydrogenated veg margarine instead of butter. ***Hey, Limon Rotisserie, if you would do that, your veg selections would become vegan. That would rock! ***  I do see that things are changing .... Weird Fish, just a few blocks away from Limon Rotisserie, has vegan dipping sauces, vegan sour cream, etc. Sun Rise Restaurant on 24th St has gotten the message with great vegan selections, too.
Reincarnated as a small plates place, Limon Rotisserie offers an interesting albeit limited variety of dishes at reasonable prices. Four plates split between two not-so-small appetites was enough to make us too full for dessert. Interestingly, despite the name of the new place, the one rotisserie item on the menu, the roasted chicken, while entirely satisfactory, was the least interesting item we ordered. In fact, I dare say the non-rotisserie items are so exceptional that it's almost a crime to order the chicken. I've been here twice -- both times in the span of a week -- and I've managed to order just about everything on the menu, so I'm planning to wait a while before I go back, but I'm very much looking forward to my next meal there.
The chicken was so well flavored! I loved every bite of it. The sauces were truly delictable -- I could have easily eaten them by theirselves. The sides were just so-so (we got the canchas and the yucca fries and a salad w/mango sauce to start). It was WAY too warm in the restaurant. The service was wonderful. So basically- go for the chicken!
Really great place for a low key dinner! The rotiserrie chicken is delicious as well as the crispy chicken. The wait can be pretty long, but it's worth it (and you can always wait by the bar with their delicious sangria). The food is delicious, but the prices are very affordable and the portions are generous!
I have been a Limon follower for years, back to their first location on 17th Street. Their food keeps getting better and better. No other Peruvian restaurant in the west coast can do the Lomo Saltado, the way they do it!
I like this new casual, no fuss second Limon. It's spacious with a minimalist decor, and the food is just as tasty as it was in it's sister restaurant. My friend and I had the tuna salad that was immersed in ponzu dressing, which was delicious. We shared the chicharron de pollo, the smaller version of lomo saltado, and the hanger steak dish that was accompanied with tacu tacu. All dishes were full of flavor, and the chicken was cooked to a light crisp, while both steak dishes were satisfyingly tender. I fell in love with the tacu tacu, which I learned is just beans and rice (Yes, beans and rice... I'm a simple gal) mashed together in a patty that is lightly covered with what looks like bread crumbs of some sort. For dessert, we had the flan with a thin gelatin layer of mango and it was quite refreshing. Next time, I will try the rotisserie chicken and hopefully by then the restaurant will have a license to serve alcohol. I did notice many people picking up orders to go, which I did not understand. The restaurant is adequate for a sit down dinner and the service is attentive. This spot would be suitable for group dinners because it's spacious or a casual night out.
Great food and wonderful enthusiastic service! Those dipping sauces are so good Everything about this restaurant is fantastic - a terrific experience as a customer and a diner!
is there a thing called crack-chicken? if so, this is it. i just picked up the whole chicken and two sides to go. unfotunately i have tasted the chicken but it is still two hours before dinner, so now i have sit here and wait before i can have any more. a beautiful but simple salad and delicious roasted veggies are my sides. i will wait until i eat there sometime to give it 5 stars. bueno.
phenomenal chicken - best in the city
I love peruvian food....so I checked this place out. The sangria was ok...I did not like the taste of the lemon wedges in it. Each time I had a sip, I had a bad taste afterwards. The fish ceviche was ok. The flavor was not something out of this world. It tasted like a very well marinated fish with lime and salt which of course I know this is what ceviche is but it didnt have a unique flavor to it. The lomo saltadito was good. I could actually taste the soy sauce but maybe a tad bit too much (salty). We had tacu-tacu and I must say this was the one thing I really enjoyed...simple yet good and different. For dessert we had the chocolate cake and the texture was perfect and but the flavor was like something you you make out of a box. Overall, the food was ok, the portions were too small but the price was good. The service is excellent. Guess if your in the neighborhood and want to give it a try, go for it but don't expect much on flavor.
this place is GOOD. i came on an empty tuesday night, and was super impressed by the service. very attentive and the food was YUMMY. the sangria was fresh and it went FAST. :)i came again on a friday night and it was PACKED. the service was still really good and we got seated pretty fast. besides that, the rest of the food came out pretty quickly. started talking to the couple next to us..it was pretty much a party!-1 star for the chicken taking forever to come out the 2nd time and some random chick taking a pic of my date...wtf?my faves: spare ribs, chiccharon, yuca fritas and the lomo saltado.
I really like this place. I just went to this place last night with my in-laws and husband and everything was great. Every dish we ordered was very well done. The ceviche was excellent and the chicken was very tender and tasty. Another stand out thing was the service which was friendly and VERY attentive without being irritating. I liked how they wiped the table between courses. Great place and well run.
Great food; great sauce, helpful and no-nonsense waiters. Limon *does* allow calling ahead to get yourself on the seating list.
this is a hidden gem. the food was unique and flavorful and the prices were very reasonable. i definitely recommend the rotisserie chicken and the fried rice and beans are worth trying. too bad the wine list can use some improvement. the wait sucked and the restaurant is so small that when the door opens, you get a cold breeze on a windy night. smaller parties are better here. overall a good experience and i would come back again.
The sangrias here are great! The food is reasonable and tasty. My only complaint is that the chicken is a bit too salty in areas. The white meat is fine, but the dark meat is too well seasoned.  Additionally, due to its popularity, the wait on weekends is long for this little restaurant.
Love this place, great food, great service, and suprisingly affordable! There is a tonne of average food in the city that will cost you a whole lot more. We usually order a whole chicken (plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day), and a couple of sides. Greens are tasty, Yucca Frita are crispy and tasty. Good sangria, and the coffee is strong (the mark of a restaurant that gives a damn, in my opinion). And the other small plates are good too. Never disappointed there. The wait on weekends can be annoying. We avoid that whole craziness by going on weekdays.
yes, the chicken was fabulous. i thought people might be exaggerating or may have been possessed by spirits, but it is so..... the chicken was the best i have had in years. the yucca fries were lovely. i have never had yucca that was so pleasing before. i went for lunch. so there was no wait and no scene. the "Lomito" Saltado was fabulous. the Ceviche de Pescado was good. the only thing i wasn't excited about was the Tacu-Tacu, but my companion loved it. the Chica Morada sounded like it could go either way, but i would happily order it again. my only complaint, and it's very,very minor, was that when we left we asked for everything to be wrapped up and they only gave us the chicken. they were forgiven immediately. i have never been to limon, but since i loved this place so much i might have to make that happen.
great food, great sangria, great price, great service! i've been there a few times now and it's pretty consistant! tables turn pretty quickly too so the wait is never bad. i'm obsessed over the yucca fries! i think the staff is super friendly and on it! my first time there was a rainy friday night - which means not a taxi in sight - after dinner, my friend and I waiting outside roughly 40 minutes - meanwhile the owner/manager was calling every cab company in town, hailing us cabs in the pouring rain, and was insisting to drive us where we needed to be because he was concerned we were stranded ! what restaurant does that after you pay their bill?!
Limon is amazing! Great food, ambiance, and service. I had my 23rd birthday party at Limon and the staff was more than accommodating for my large and rambunctious group. The roasted chicken, appetizers, and Sangria were fabulous. All of which including tax and tip $18 a person!! Come here again and again!
So let me just preface this review by saying that Limon used to be one of my favorite restaurants in the city... so when I had heard the new Limon had just opened up at their new location, I was excited to go. First of all - major problem with their website: we called the number on the website assuming that this was the number to call for reservations for Limon (logically). Wrong! Not only did they not confirm what location the reservation was for (the website does not differentiate between the Rotisserie and the regular Limon) but no confirm call was given, nothing. So we show up for a table for 4 at 8pm last Friday night - turns out the reso was for the other location. The hostess called to the other location to tell us we were coming and to hold our table. We get there - and our names were already crossed off. We were only a few minutes late going to the wrong restaurant but the hostess says she'll get us a table. Fast forward an HOUR AND A HALF - we're STILL waiting for our table - despite my seeing open tables. A whole group of us were waiting to be seated for over an hour, despite having made a reservation a week in advance. The worst part was - the hostess didn't seem to know what she was doing and was rather rude to us. It's 9:30 when we finally get seated, no apologies, no one addressing how visibly pissed we were. The food was OK (which is why I give the one star) - but definitely not worth the terrible experience we had leading up to it. I can safely say - until they fire their hostess and get open table - and at least get their act together - I will never come back to this restaurant. Save your money and go somewhere else instead.
Can I just eat here every night? Rotisserie chicken was ultra flavorful and moist sans sauces, but ultra tasty with the dipping sauces. Prices are low, but the ambience makes it perfect for a nice night out. The ceviche de pescado was phenomenal, with just the right amount of heat from the chile. Despite the only drawback that they don't have Cusquea beer, we will certainly make this a regular stop.
delicious bday dinner for 4 including a pitcher of sangria for $80???? amazing!
I can't begin to say how awful our experience at this restaurant was. Having heard good things, we went there on a Sunday night around 7:00 p.m. The staff seemed totally overwhelmed. When we asked how long it would take for a table the maitre de told us it would be at least a half hour so we opted to sit at the bar where he told us we could eat dinner. We waited for over 20 minutes and no one came to take an order or even check in. Finally we asked one of the waiters if he could take our order and he refused, telling us we could not eat at the bar. However, a couple seats down another waitress was taking a food order at the bar. When we pointed this out, he huffed "well SHE can take your order then". When we finally caught her eye she said she would be back to take our order but never did. At that point we left. I have never written a restaurant review before; I can tolerate mediocre food, slow service, etc., but not outright rudeness. The staff is absolutely incompetent and incredibly rude. Take your business elsewhere.
A little peeved that we were told it would take 1.5 hrs to get seated but there was a lounge downstairs that just opened. Luckily, a couple left so there were empty footstools to sit on but we had to share a coffee table with another couple until we got seated at a real table in the lounge.  Service downstairs was somewhat scatterbrained until we got our table, altogether 20-30 min wait. I think for the main dining room, it was about a 1 hr wait. But oh boy was the food good! Recommend the ceviche mixto with shrimp, halibut and calamari. The hangar steak, the ceviche halibut and shrimp, and tuna tartare. For dessert, the mascarpone rasberry layered cake. So happy with everything. They had sangria carafes however I had the mango and strawberry drinks (non alcoholic since I'm driving). Between 2 people, it was just enough and came out to about $25+ tip. Not bad. Very young crowd. Looks like they'll be having a DJ booth in the lounge as well. Our server Eduardo was especially beautiful to look at.
Going to this place proves just how unpredictable a dining experience can be. I'd been to Limon on Valencia many times but the last few times was disappointed. I wanted to like this place but approached it with apprehension. How good could it be, afterall, being something of a stepchild to Limon grande? All this notwithstanding, my first bite of the Pollo a la Brasa dispelled all doubts and I was wisked away to the hallowed state of culinary bliss. And it was just chicken! I have chicken all the time, but somehow this chicken was extra tasty and succulent, nicely enhanced by the two dipping sauces.  Along with that we had the Lomito Saltado, which I think was better than the same dish I had at big Limon, and the rice we ordered was absolutely heavenly. When you can actually rave about plain rice then you know something is right.  To cap it all off, I was totally enraptured by the bandido chocolate cake, a definite must order.  Vas-y toute suite! (oops, wrong language).
i've been here a few times in the last couple of years and limon r doesn't disappoint. reminds me of my peruvian haunts in bklyn- good portions & reasonable prices. i heart limon rotisserie.
