Oh Lolo, how I love thy Lolo!My friend and I came here. We are massive foodies. Point made to start:) I had made the reservation for here on the wrong day, but the hostess took care of us very quickly to ensure we got a table. Love that!!! We had to wait by the bar for our seats, but we got some drinks, and twenty minutes later we were seated at the other bar where we could eat, catch up on life and enjoy! We order the flautas, grilled octopus, ahi tacos and the tiramisu for dessert. They were all spot on! I suggest them all! The service was superb and friendly. My friend said it was one of the best restaurants she had been to in SF! Which is a total WOW, because she is a MASSIVE foodie critic. Walk, run, skip...or whatever to get here and try this greatness. You won't be sorry! Bon appetite!
tl;dr: pricey for very average food & drinkWent for brunch on a Saturday.  About $15 for chilaquiles with eggs. I've only had them in Mexico. These were not cooked to the right consistency, nor were they flavorful. Quite a bit for eggs, beans, and tortilla chips. Also $11 for a michelada. One of the poorer Michelada's I've had in the states, but certainly the most expensive. My GF had the eggs benedict dish. Also expensive and very meh on flavor.
Kicked us out because we're the ONLY African-American people in the restaurant. With now warning we were rudely asked to leave. The Restaurant and Merchants Association would LOVE to know this. We spent the entire time there ordering multiple rounds of food and drinks. ~Response to Jorge (3/22)Jorge - thank you for reaching out. I couldn't sleep last night because I was heartbroken that such an event spoiled me and my friend's beautiful evening. My mother integrated the lunch counters in North Carolina. People screamed racial epithets, spat at her, threw snakes on her and had dogs biting at her heels. I didn't know that as a daughter of this freedom fighter, I would be in a less hostile, but yet similar situation with the same outcome - we were forced to leave.We arrived at ~6:30 to lolo after reading fantastic reviews. There were a number of places to choose from, but lolo stood out. The host, a petite Latina with dark, long thin hair sat us next to the wall at a table for two. There were only a handful of people who were there. We were seated directly next to the bar where the servers walk under that counter which you could lift up. The service was excellent at first. The food delicious. As they were tapas, we continued ordering throughout our entire stay there. The tacos tropicales were especially good, so we ordered two rounds, the soup, ceviche and drinks along the way. As the evening grew on, the waiters came multiple times to clear our plates, but we weren't finished with the guacamole or ceviche and were still nibbling. The same hostess whom I described above with very slight features came over at around 8ish (same time i posted my review)and abruptly asked us to leave or move to the bar. We asked why and she said the table was reserved. There was no reserved sign on the table nor were we told when we were seated that there was a reservation at that specific table. If there had been, we would have never sat there because we hadn't seen each other in a while and wanted to catch up.We told her that we were not finished as we were just about to order another round. I looked around and the place was packed. There were no signs of other people leaving as everyone looked like they were having a great time, laughing and catching up with their friends - just like we were.We were stunned and I asked her why did we, the only African-Americans, were the ones out of the entire restaurant who had to leave. She kept saying that the table was reserved. I asked her why she didn't tell us or simply ask other people to get up especially since we weren't finished.Everyone else was either white or Latinos, perhaps. She screamed at me that she was a minority, didn't like my attitude and that I was out of order for calling her out on her clearly targeted racist behavior. I told her to be nicer to people and we left shaking our heads. We discussed how the complexion of the Mission had changed and how 'there is no place for us [African-Americans] here in SF.' We are professionals who are well-established, connected and embrace all cultures. Clearly, with an experience like the one we had last night, we were so hurt by that. Isn't our money the same? Aren't we allowed to enjoy our friends after work, over good food and conversation? The answer is yes, but just not at lolo.
There's no "WE" in food.But, I'll share since you're paying. Buahaha! Puahaha! Muahaha!We started off with the Mezcal Mule; I'm a fan of Mezcal so this was a two thumbs up. Next, gin and tonic can't stir you wrong. Finally, the sangria is a MUST!! Bites to share:- Panko avocado taco: Oaxaca cheese, caramelized onions and pepper. Yum!- Tuna tacon: seared albacore tuna, avocado, roasted tomatillo sauce on flour tortillas. - Crab croquetas: garlic aioli, mirasol pepper reduction was an excellent starter. - Ceviche: I am a ceviche type of gal. I love the shrimp and rockfish citrus with roasted pepper sauce, corn and avocado. An unexpected great find with quirky decoration and fun ambiance. I recommend going here with a group of friends to enjoy the variety of small plates that they offer. Plus, they have such a fun and knowledgeable staff. I hope you give this fun tapas place a try. Cheers!
Always an easy choice for great dinner when out-of-towners are visiting.RESERVATIONS: Made a few days in advance at 9pm on Thursday for three. There wasn't anything earlier available. COST: $163.73 before tip for 4 cocktails, 2 salads, 4 dinner plates, 1 dessert. A very filling dinner for three!MUST-HAVES: The Fresh Prince (honestly I've loved SO MANY of their cocktails!!), Fish taco, Coconut ice cream (a dessert special, one that I almost missed. Look for a tiny chalk board to the left of the cupboards above the bar). See my pics for additional details!COCKTAILS* The Fresh Prince (Capurro Pisco, passion fruit, lime, egg white, orange blossom water. Served up. $11) - 4.5 starsDelicioso! Love the texture of the egg white, the refreshing tart flavor of this drink. Incredibly well balanced. * El Pual (San Juan del rio mezcal, aperol, poppy liqueur, almond syrup, lime. Served up. $11) - 4.5 starsMy bf thoroughly enjoyed this, and plus it's a gorgeous drink with the flower petals on top!SALADS* Beet salad (beets, candied kumquats, crumbled feta & toasted coconut w/ blood orange vinaigrette. $8) - 4 starsNicely done, sharpness of kumquats was nice!* Corn esquites (butter, cotija cheese, crema, lime, piquin, epazaote. $6) - 4 starsAlso great, loved the mixture of spice, sweetness, sour, and the fattiness of the butter/crema to bind it all together.DINNER* Fish taco (rock cod fried in tempura, handmade corn tortilla, habanero, crema, peanuts & piquin pepper sauce. $15 for three) - 4.5 starsMy bf would argue to give this 5 stars. Granted the fish & tortillas are amazing. It's just got a little TOO much topping for me, making it just slightly inconvenient to eat (drips everywhere, etc.). The sauce is fantastic too, adds a nice tartness.* Mezcal barbacoa beef rib gorditas (over organic masa, sour cream, pickled onions. 3 pcs $20.50) - 3.5 starsMeat is tasty but a tad on the dry side. The masa is a like a crisped sopa. Overall flavors not as complex as other dishes here.* Grilled octopus (marinated in garlic & paprika adobo, puple potato puree, arugula & kalamata oil. $25) - 4.5 starsAs tender, meaty, and amazing as last time!* Diabla shrimp (creamy & spicy cascabel & chipotle pepper sauce, bacon, white mushroom,s white rice. $19) - 4 starsGreat sauce, love how thick and rich it is. The shrimp is crunchy. Rice was a tad dry. DESSERTCoconut ice cream (special, $7) - 5 starsCreamy ice cream, loved the toasted coconut for added crunch. The cookie was incredibly soft & warm. Amazing!
It was Sunday afternoon, so we had the brunch menu. Too bad, because the lunch/dinner menu looks pretty enticing.So we brunched it up with the following:AVOCADO TOAST (2/5) Our waitress convinced us to get this. Without seeing the details on the menu, we agreed to order it. It looked good but it wasn't. Two things that messed up this dish. First, it was overloaded with lemon. Just overwhelmingly so. You couldn't taste the avocado. And second, there was smoked fish mixed in with the avocado which was an UNpleasant surprise. I think it was smoked herring. Wasn't a good combo for me, and like I mentioned, the lemon was just murdering the avocado. If you're a lemon head and you like smoked herring, this might be your dish. But it sure ain't mine.CHILIQUILLES (4/5) So, we're talking 2 eggs with chips and salsa verde. The chips were warm and almost tasted like caramelized potato slices after they soaked a bit in the salsa and eggs. Nothing wrong with this dish. Would order again.TUNA TACON (4/5) Seared tuna dish, small portion, but tasty and good enough for an appetizing bite or two.BEEF TACOS (4/5) My wife's dish. She liked them a lot but complained about the overpowering lemon flavor even in the taco (it must have been the guacamole on the taco).I'm almost sure I would have a better experience if we were ordering from the lunch/dinner menu. The Pistachio Salmon on that menu is calling my name. I'd def like to come back and give the other menu a shot.Seating was a bit tight space-wise. I didn't like that.Service was good. And the decor and wall art was pretty amazing and unique - several car doors were lined up along the back wall (yes, I wrote car doors), men's suit coats were lined up, and plastered against the front entry wall. Can you even picture that? Probably not. I should have taken a picture.
Not in love with the Lolo just yet, but I will say, it's pretty good. Though this is more of a 3.5 Stars than 4.Parking was a madhouse! So be warned... We drove around for 15 minutes before finally finding parking, but once seated inside - the stress leveled out and we were able to soak everything in. It was a nice ambiance, but kind of hard to take cute snapshots so basics, be warned - it'll take a lot of work for that instaworthy photo.Onto the food, we ordered guac, ceviche, taco tropical, tuna taco, and beef taco. Originally we wanted to try croissant toast also, but was warned that we may be ordering too much food - so feeling judged, we decided to cut something and those extra calories were let go. Guac - was standard, but the size was big enough to share. Wouldn't order again.Ceviche - was yummy! Lot's of flavor and came with whole shrimps. The fried chip they came with was good and crunchy - I dig that.Taco Tropical - omg this was so eye-opening! After the first bite I had forgotten all about the stress that was parking and I was heart-eyed ready to proclaim this as my new favorite spot. It was SO good and refreshing. Taco shell was made of what seemed like a thinly sliced radish (like the ones they give you at kbbq) and all the flavors just popped in your mouth. I'm ready to come back and keep an order to myself.Tuna Tacon - Not sure if something just didn't vibe with me and this one, but it was like I was on the biggest HIGH and then it came crashing down. Not a fan of this one, it tasted a little weird IMO. Would not recommend .. but seems like everyone talks about this one so maybe try at your own risk.Beef Taco - had lots of beefy goodness, though I can't say it blew me out of this world. Tastes like a regular beef taco - but it was meaty and had a charred grilled taste which I like. May or may not order again, depending on what other things I wanted to try.Overall I had a pretty good experience, it's a little big over the hump of mediocrity - mainly because of how damn delicious that Taco Tropical is. MMM. I saw alot of things on Yelp photos that looks bomb as well, so if I do come back - I'll aim for dinner instead of brunch.
Im in love with the Lolo. Its true. I've been twice in the past month and Im already dying to go again. Yup it was that good. The decor, atmosphere, and set up here are all just additional pluses on top of the amazing food. is great. I really love the creative walls and decor. The servers were all so friendly and attentive.The first time I went we sat at the bar and I had such a great time. The second time we had a table and the server was so helpful in suggesting veggie items for my strict veggie dining partner.Ive tried:the Brussels sprouts- so so yummy to snack on with one of the many yummy cocktails sangria, beer or wine.Black bean tostada- this was warm and crunchy and oh so tastyShrimp in Diablo sauce (not sure of the actual name)- SO this was the highlight of my meal because I actually hate shrimp but have been dreaming about this dish since I ate it. Thank you Lolo bc after many many years Ive found a shrimp dish I actually love! The sauce in this dish is literally crack.I cant wait to go back and try more dishes. I would def be devastated if the shrimp dish is not there though.
I'm in love with the LoLo, I don't need no CoCo!?!Been meaning to try this place for quite some time now and I finally got that chance recently. First off I love the atmosphere inside LoLo, it's got that Netflix and chill vibe if you know what I mean!?! Highly recommend you make reservations for this place as the wait time is usually an hour or more on busy nights. This is also a perfect spot to bring a date as the lighting is dark, the drinks are strong, and makes 7's look like 9's and 10's!?! If you didn't already know, this is a Tapas place so most of the food here is small plates, but like I always tell my playas quality over quantity! Anywho let's breakdown some of the food I ordered:Chips and Salsa (complementary) - the dark green sauce is must try, o so good! Brussel Sprouts - fried deliciousness, the only way I ever eat my veggies if they are fried...lolEmpanadas - so much flavor, the mushrooms and seasoning was unlike anything I've ever tasted.Beef Gorditas - the Barboca was cooked to perfection.Oxtail Tostadas - the meat was typical, nothing specialBean Stew - overpriced and it wasn't very goodTaco Tropical - the shrimp and sauce was to die for in these tacos!Now LoLo's isn't the greatest Tapas place I've been to, but I would definitely return to try more of their dishes. I feel like this place caters for towards the Latin side of tapas, but the I'm kind of spoiled living in San Jose I get to taste the best tacos this side of the bay so I'm picky. If you love modern tapas restaurants, you should definitely peep this place out!!!
I've had this place bookmarked for years- glad I was finally able to check it off my list! Especially since they appeared on 7x7's foodie list for 2016! Anyways, we ordered the Panko avocado taco (recommended dish from 7x7), the seared pork belly, diabla shrimp and sangria. I liked everything we ordered but especially liked the sauce for the shrimp! Mmmm.Sangria was great but they don't offer carafes... What's up with that Lolo?! Staff were constantly checking in, removing empty plates and so on. Bathrooms were clean as well (but only one stall so women you will be waiting in line).
YUM! Five stars in my books! :)I came here for my birthday brunch with my friends. We had made reservations early afternoon on a warm Sunday and were seated right away. Very interesting and creative decor all around the restaurant! Grapefruit Mimosas: Very refreshing and delicious. It actually comes with a slice of grapefruit too! Would be back for some more! :)Mexican Benedict Eggs: Came with two eggs over fried organic corn gorditas and refried beans. I was surprised at how big the portion was. This dish was the least of my favorite as it was not amazing to me.Tuna Tacon: MY FAVORITE! The seared albacore tuna was DELICIOUS and FRESH. Each order comes with two tacos. Highly recommended ordering. :)Avocado Toast: Also, super delicious, except the toast was a little bit hard. Instead of slices of avocado, the avocado is made like a guacamole. Very creamy. What really surprised me was the smoked trout mixed in the guacamole. It was a perfect combination! Carnitas: We originally didn't order this dish until we saw the table next to ours had ordered it. Cute set up of how it was served. Big portions and very flavorful carnitas! Loved how the carnitas were not dry; however, I didn't like the tortillas that came with it as much. When we ran out of tortillas, we ate the carnitas with the chips and it was a much better combination to be eaten with.Prices are very reasonable. Service was excellent during brunch time. We even got our chips refilled two times. Definitely will be back for more when I have my tapas cravings especially when I'm in the area. :)
I'M IN LOVE WITH THE LOL.I'M IN LOVE JUST LIKE NE-YO.This is one of those restaurants that makes me really want to meet the owner. The decr is so kooky -- it's fantastic. There's so much quirkiness in every nook and corner. From the bar, the menus, the bathroom, the plates, to the lighting fixtures, everything was decked out in odd and fun design. It's like, who chose this and why did you choose this and where did you get this and seriously who are you who birthed such a place. It looks like someone threw up Alice in Wonderland. I want to have a very merry unbirthday mad tea party here. The food is great too. The waitress was kind enough to warn me and my boyfriend about the amount that we ordered. Considering most are tapa/small plates here, we thought that's how much we needed. Make sure you make reservations and make sure you visit the bathroom too (yeah that's a weird rec but trust me you'll want to see everything). So much to see and check out. I'm convinced to try the Lol Cevicheria because of this place. This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants. Can't wait to come back.
I've always loved tapas-style dining because I don't like making choices, and with small dishes you can try lots of things! Their cocktails are good; the kale salad and guacamole and delicious and most of the small dishes on the menu are delicious. Some of my favorites include the chicken tinga tostada, which has a very generous amount of chicken, and the fish tacos with a delicious sauce. Lolo doesn't disappoint when you are in the mood for sharing some plates with a friend or two. Tip: If you didn't make a reservation, look for spots at the bar -- it's first come, first served!
Are you a pescatarian? if yes, is there a Tuna Tacon from Lolo in your mouth right now? No? Then get your ass over to Lolo now because there really isn't anything else you should be doing on this planet right now OTHER than eating one of these. It's probably my favorite taco on earth. Yes, EARTH. It even beats the pork belly fusiony ones I've had elsewhere. As is often the case with fusion tacos, the sauce does a lot of the work here; in this case it's an unagi based cream sauce. Pure magic that you will be mopping up with whatever else you happened to order.I know I know I know you're going to order the Taco Tropical because it's supposedly the Most Famous Thing Here. But you can really skip it, since it's not even in the same league as the Tuna Tacon. Our server, who recommended the tacon, also recommended the grilled octopus, which was tasty and super fresh - but also rather large and expensive. We would've gladly taken half as much for half the price - since we somewhat used it to mop up trace amounts of the Tuna Tacon sauce anyway.If you're ordering drinks, the one you want is the Ramos Gin Shrub, which is supremely well balanced, and not too sweet despite containing watermelon and basil.
I was really looking forward to my reservation based on yelp reviews. Decor is creative, (paper boats mural, metallic car door installation on back wall, chicken wallpaper in restroom wait area) festive and bright. With that much attention to decor I expected I would be overwhelmed by food flavor, but in the end I felt a bit cheated. Perhaps things started off a little poorly by the fact they waited too long to take my drink order. And then waited too long to take my food order. Especially when it was the start of the evening and the tables were just starting to fill up. Fresh Prince cocktail was ok. Grilled artichoke was cold. (The server did apologize and send it back and it was better 2nd time around). The grass fed beef taco was also just ok. Nothing flavorful enough to make me come back. Instead the overall experience made me wonder if I should have declined my restaurant reservation text an hour before my meal (although I did think that was a convenient option text 1 to confirm 3 to cancel). I did think the decor was a hoot - made me smile and puts you in the mood to celebrate, maybe it was just an off night but I think they should put a little more of the attention to detail in the kitchen.
What a weirdo spot this is. The decor is...eclectic. Suit jackets plastered onto booths, toy puppies jutting out of one wall, paper boats made of Latin magazines adorn another, and chandeliers made of vintage bicycle handlebars are just a few of the many oddball decorations. We loved it.I came here for dinner with a couple friends and we ordered a ton of stuff. We started with a few cocktails: a margarita, a shipwreck, and a ramos gin shrubb. All delicious.For tapas we got: -Panko Avocado Taco-Grilled Octopus-Guacamole-Ceviche-Taco Tropical-Seared Pork Belly SaladThe panko avocado tacos and the grilled octopus were out of this world tasty and fun to eat. I didn't care much for the tacos tropical nor the pork belly salad, but I appreciated the creativity of the dishes. We left completely stuffed and happy. Service was great. I'd absolutely come back.
First of all, the menu had no price on it. You simply order everything without knowing the price. We ordered the Fried Octopus, which had only TWO arms. Extremely yummy but it turned out to cost us $25. The waitress also recommanded the chicken taco. Chicken was very dry.... We had the ceviche as well but it was super duper sour to a point that my nose started sweating:( We came in only cuz we saw the reviews on Yelp. However, I figured that the pictures for Lolo are all taken professionally. Other pictures I found on here by customers are from 3-4 years ago and the course doesn't even exist on the menu no more. Be careful..
Great service, unique atmosphere, and good eatsSome of the standouts are the ceviche and the grilled Octopus over purple purred potatoes (which I thought was pretty great) but having the tiramisu was close to a religious experience hahah! The tiramisu is served in little bowls with chocolate on the side (never seen it served this way) and it was really really good. One portion can be shared by two but trust that you'll be fighting over the mascarpone/cream mixture. Some of the things I'd pass on next time would be the razor clams which I thought were a bit lost amongst the cheese/chorizo mixture. Also I prefer my salsa chunkier but that might just be personal preference.Everybody here from the hostess to the servers were very friendly and attentive. Even though there was a bit of a wait and people were constantly trying to get a seat, we never felt service hurt or were rushed by any of the staff. I'd recommend everyone who likes Tapas bring a friend, make a reservation and please have some tiramisu.
I wish I could give you 5 stars lolo! The food is delicious, very authentic, with their own twist on every traditional dish they serve. The cocktails are amazing, well crafted! The waitresses and bartenders are very welcoming. But why 3 stars? On my last visit I saw 2 cockroaches next to my plate. I'm not grossed out by bugs in general but I was eating and the cockroaches were making their way across the table. I def hope they do something about it! Such an and amazing place!!
Went here for some late night tapas on a Friday night and surprisingly there was no wait. I love eating at tapas style restaurants since it gives me a chance to try a little bit everything.My friend and I were not too hungry so we just decided to get:-Tuna Tacon: it was good but worth $11 dollars for two tacos? no. I don't really even eat that much but i literally finished my taco in two bites. Overpriced. -Some sort of pork belly dish.: I dont really remember it..the portion for this made up for that taco but all I remember tasting was a lot of lime juice in this. Was whatever. Didn't care for it.Service was actually really good and attentive. I do want to go back and try more stuff.. This place is 3.5 stars.
I LOVE LOLO!1 - DRINKS - The Fresh Prince is so good, its the yummiest cocktail I've ever had. 2 Birds 1 Stone is good too but is a bit of an acquired taste, probably from the celery bitters. Bartenders here know what they are doing!2 - AMAZING SERVICE - I have worked in the restaurant business and everyone here is super knowledgeable, helpful, and really good at their job. Tip them well, they deserve it!3 - FOOOOD - Lamb sliders are a must try! Probably the best thing on the menu and people just dont know cause they often come here for tacos. With that said, best beef tacos in the city and tacos tropical is good too!4 - Decor - It is so much fun to eat here because the whole place looks so cool, love the dogs and mens coats used as upholstery!5 - CHIPS/GUAC/SALSA - all fresh and super tasty!I heard the mexican vanilla ice cream is super good but i never have room for dessert, try it!
Great service. Great food. Everything is designed to be shared and that adds to the gret vibe of the place
Decent, lively neighborhood place for Mexican-inspired tapas. As in the huitlacoche, which came with requeson-stuffed wonton ravioli, the dishes and flavors are presented in a way that isn't necessarily 100% true to what you'd see in Mexican home cooking, but is nevertheless accessible to American tastes. If anything, be prepared for an unexpectedly spicy kick. Some more adventurous dishes, like the spicy uni tostada, meanwhile, just didn't rise to the occasion.Drinks are decent, and service is fast and on point. Overall, the prices here aren't unreasonable, although bear in mind that the portions you get are somewhat small even for tapas. Overall, an OK choice.
3.5 STARSOur party of three originally wanted to go to Lolo Cevicheria, but our stop before dinner took a little longer than than we thought. Since Lolo is open later, we decided to go here instead. It was Thursday, August 13th around 10:15pm. We walked in without a reservation and were seated right away.Food:*Fried brussel sprouts: shallots, hazelnuts, late harvest zinfandel vinaigrette ($7)*Corn on the cob: cotija cheese and cream ($6)*Shishito peppers: lemon olive oil, maldon salt ($7)*Taco tropical: panko and spice-dusted shrimps, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioli, on jicama tortillas ($10)*Ceviche: shrimp and rock fish citrus roasted pepper sauce and salted corn ($12)*Carnitas: with organic handmade corn tortillas, roasted tomato sauce, guacamole, pickled onions ($17)I enjoyed the shishito peppers the most. They were blistered nicely and had a good salty sour contrast. The ceviche had bold citrusy flavor, but I didn't like the addition of the corn. The carnitas were really good, but a touch dry for me. I didn't eat much of the sprouts and the tacos. I remember them being okay. The dish I would avoid would be the corn. There was an over abundance of cream that didn't add anything to the dish. I thought this would be like street corn, but it wasn't. Not good at all.Drinks:*Sangria: pinot noir, vodka, poppy liqueur, cardamom, served on the rocks ($11)*Nightcall: scotch, el silencio mezcal, creme the violette, amaretto, served on the rocks ($11)*Cheap trick: altos reposado tequila, chile ancho liqueur, vanilla bitters ($11)*The windshield ($11)The drinks were the highlight for me. I started with the Nightcall which was a dark boozy drink with an element of sweetness. I asked our server what I should get next and he suggested the Windshield. I need to order this the next time I'm here as that was my favorite drink! Not sure what was in it, but it was dark, boozy and not so sweet, which was exactly what I wanted.Service was great! Growing up in a restaurant, I used to hate it when people lingered in restaurants when they were the last party. Unfortunately, I was that party! But the staff was great. We never felt rushed. But we did try to hurry and finish up our drinks as it was getting late.I feel like I may have ordered the wrong food items for my tastes. Looking back at the menu, I would have ordered more tacos, maybe empanadas and the steak. I think I would have enjoyed those dishes more. I'll take it as an excuse to go back?
Hip spot in the mission with eccentric decor that somehow comes together with its all over disjointedness. We ordered the taco tropical, tuna tacon, and carnitas. While the taco tropical gets points for being photogenic, the fried fish and heavy mayonnaise did not taste as inventive as they looked. However, we were pleasantly surprised by the tuna tacon which had fish coated with soy sauce and almost tasted like Asian/Mexican fusion. The carnitas were also solid and filling, although I wish the serving of guac on the side was more generous. I'd be back to try more of their tapas!
Came here for dinner about a week ago and loved it! THE AMBIANCE: The decor is eclectic to say the least. A wall decorated of soccer balls? Check! A wall covered with dollies? Check! Suits attached to the benched seats? You got it. I love how vibrant it is! THE FOOD: It's a tapas place, so you definitely should share and try a little bit of everything. I went with a party of 5 and we each got 2 dishes, which turned out to be just the right amount. MUST GET DISHES -taco tropical, pork belly, and tuna tacon! But honestly, I'm sure everything is great here, so you can't go wrong with any dish.THE SERVICE: They were friendly and on top of it! I would definitely come back here, especially since they take reservations. No wait + great food = I'm there!
Stopped by for lunch/brunch on a Sunday morning and got the avocado toast as well as the taco tropical. I wasn't much of a fan of the avocado toast--while it came with generous portions of avocado, it had pieces of trout that didn't seem quite fresh, exacerbated by the capers that highlighted these fishy flavors. The taco tropical was a unique take on a traditional taco, using a large slice of daikon radish in place of a tortilla. While I thought there was too much relish piled on, I thought the flavors worked and liked the crunchiness the panko brought to the shrimp. Overall, the restaurant itself is cute and decorated very nicely, but unfortunately, the food was quite mediocre.
I've been hearing about how Lolo on Valencia, with its colorful decor, is such a cute, fun place that I decided to try it with a friend for brunch. There was no wait when we walked in around noon. Since Lolo has opened a new cevicheria in their former space on 22nd, I thought they specialized in ceviche and ordered one. While the shrimp was fresh, the darker brown rock fish pieces were off-puttlingly fishy compared to the white pieces. The ceviche was also too acidic; the citrus juices overpowered the fish (except for the fishy pieces). I told our server the fish was fishy but he didn't understand. Another server came by near the end of the meal to ask how everything was so I mentioned the fishy ceviche again. He offered to have the kitchen remake the dish, but we didn't want to try it again. We did like the taco tropical (panko fried shrimp with jicama as the tortilla) although we were surprised by how small the two tacos were when they were served. The kale salad portion, on the other hand, was huge. The table next to us had the tuna tacon and huevos rancheros, I believe, which looked good.After leaving, I recall that I have eaten at their old space on 22nd a long time ago and thought the food was average. My friend likes this place for their drinks so maybe it's better at the bar.
Wow! Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday and don't think we've both ever experienced greater service. Lolo is great, bursting with colorful energy and fun decor. We had an 8:30 p.m. reservation on Friday and arrived 5 minutes late. We were told the wait would be 5-10 minutes and could order drinks while we waited. We ended up not being seated for the next 20-30 minutes but no big deal -- we hung out by the front door and just people watched. When we were seated the staff was very apologetic even though we weren't the least bit annoyed. We got chips and guacamole on the house once we sat down (talk about kind service!). The tapas were delicious, we got the:-Tacos Tropical-Carnitas-Empanadas-Tinga Tostadas-Mexican ice cream dessert (omg)-Flautas Our server stopped by after every dish was dropped off and we were helped by almost everyone walking around whether it was getting more water, more chips, our check, etc. You can really tell this is an establishment that's family run and they care about each and every customer. My friend even said, "it's like they actually wanted us to be happy." We didn't like the Flautas too much (our fault, I don't like dairy) and they immediately brought us a different dish and apologized many times for us not liking them. I don't often send food back but they really wanted us to enjoy everything we ordered. Overall, love this place. Great date spot, lighthearted ambiance, wonderful staff, and delicious food guarantees a memorable night!
Definitely a decent tapas place. Street parking is difficult but thank goodness there is a parking lot nearby. Prices are a bit steep but it beats driving around looking for parking. My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday at 8ish. And we got seated right away. Majority of their tapas are different tacos.We tried a variety of things such as Tropical tacos, tuna tacon, pollo tostada and carnitas. Tropical taco and tuna tacon were so good. The shrimp was lightly fried and delicious. And the tuna was delicious. The carnitas was a bit dry but it was decent. I would say nopalito has a better carnitas. The pollo tostadas was also ok as well. It was decent but it wasn't anything to write home about. Overall, this place is decent but it's a bit pricy. I would come visit here again but maybe on a weeknight when parking probably wouldn't be as bad.Total for 2: $60
The service could be a little better, but if you get a chance to get a table here, the food will definitely be worth it.I have been here twice--once, I got in late with my sister, and the bartender was a little rude, pretty much was trying to get rid of us to close the place.Second time I got here, I got a table in the back and was excited to try out their food. The fan on the ceiling above my table was excruciating, the flickering light gave me a headache almost instantly. I was glad the waiter gave us a new seat after I pointed out the issue, and the night kept on.The food was delicious, just the right combination with the right spice. The price was steep, but can't expect otherwise in the Mission, so I was ok with it. The check was off, so I had to wait for a while until they fixed it and got me to sign a new check. The waiter couldn't do the fix so we had to wait for the manager.
4.5 stars for the congenial staff! You can definitely get cheaper Mexican food in the Mission but if you want something more refined with a fun, lively atmosphere you will lolo mi' LoLo!! LOL Service at the bar was a bit lax but super friendly. If you don't believe pigs can fly, try the pork belly with a side of house made tortillas OMG! The octopus came highly recommended but it will have to wait until next time. The guacamole was a little flat and required a lemon spritz and some salsa for my taste. However, the peanut salsa was sublime and the brilliant cacahuate more than made up for the dull aguacate. So much for my translations, get to LoLo and figure the rest out for yourself. I'll be a regular. Hasta la vista en LoLo.
Love this restaurant. Every item we had was exactly as the ingredients were mentioned in the menu, and amazingly delicious. The service was great and so friendly. Multiple servers and employees gaged us for conversation.So now the food:- flautas were delicious. Very airy, classy chalupa with the perfect texture of cheese.- fried Brussels sprouts: definitely my favorite. Crunchy and soft at the same time - fried avocado Panko - how did they batter it so well?!- bean rancho soup - so creamy and tasty! Had a sweet savory taste to it. - beet salad - not gonna lie, my least favorite because it was very acidic but still delicious.5-star service and flavor.
This was taco 5 out of 6 on our taco tour of San Francisco. We ranked this one #2. It's a really cool spot with some retro interior designs. A little more expensive than the authentic taco spots in the neighboring area but I think it's worth it with the atmosphere and the other items offered on the menu (read: tasty Mexican-styled cocktails). This is a spot you should bring your friends for a boozy meal and spend your time enjoying the food and the atmosphere.
Honestly between the food, service and drinks this place was fantastic. Great small plates to share. We enjoyed the empanadas, carnitas, tortilla soup (mmmm), and much more. You can't go wrong with also trying something new. My son wanted the octopus and I'm not a big fan but we ordered it. What a treat! Thanks to our amazing waitress and staff -- super personable and patient!Take-away -- try the prince specialty drink and tortilla soupWill go back for -- surprisingly the octopus and fried avocado taco.
Excellent food. Excellent. Came here on a very busy Tuesday night. 5 stars for food. The Kale salad was perfect. I highly recommend. The light dressing with lots of flavor and the candied walnuts make you forget you are eating kale. We ordered the guacamole with chips - also excellent.Our entrees were the Ceviche and Diabla shrimp. Both sauces in the dishes were so good I had to keep myself from picking up the bowls and licking them.2 stars for space/seating. The seating/noise space is slightly awful. We had an ok table squeezed between two other parties. I could hear the valley girl sitting next to my boyfriend better than I could him. Her dinner date next to me literally almost elbowed me. I uploaded a photo. This is *not* a good date place unless you are able to grab a set at the bar.Overall, I'd recommend coming here early and sitting at the bar. There was way more space and with the higher seats its not as noisy.
cool spot in the mission, great ambiance. went for brunch with a group of 4 on a saturday afternoonfood - 5/5 margaritas - amazinghuevos rancheros - SO good. must get!!!guacamole- good service - 4/5service was a little slow, food came out at different times, a little difficult to get waiters attention. will 100% go back.
Lol lives up to the hype. I've tried walking in a few times we no luck, so I finally bit the bullet and made some reservations. It's pretty loud, but the environment is definitely fun and hip. Everything we ordered was delicious; flautas, tuna tacon, short rib gorditas, fried brussel sprouts, guac/chips. and glasses of wine. Recommenced if you're in the mood for some non-traditional tapas in the Mission!
Sunday, 7:30 PM.Quickie:+ Food quality+ Friendly staff- Hygiene- Quick turnaround+ Layout+ Menu varietyAnd then...?Bring the group to share some food at Lol's. **********Stuffed my face in:1. Roasted beets with cotija cheese mousse, parsley infused olive oil, crushed black pepper   + Cotija cheese is delicious in mousse form too. 2. Huitlacoche and ricotta stuffed wonton   * Huitlacoche is apparently a delicacy in Mexico City.   * Indifferent about this dish. 3. Ravioli with basil and arugula sauce and pine nuts   + Sweet angle with the sauce.Constructive comment:*Source ingredients
My friend and I made reservations for 1pm on a Sunday, though reservations weren't necessary. The restaurant was busy enough that passerbys wouldn't question it being good, but there were still plenty of open tables.I love the general vibe of this place. Lively, hipster/eclectic/quirky with good food.FOOD: Yummy! Ingredients were fresh. The dishes didn't need the aiolis or sauces that they came with in my opinion, so I'd recommend asking for those on the side. Definitely recommend the PANKO AVOCADO TACO! If you're a ceviche person, their ceviche is pretty solid too. Unfortunately, their menu changed at some point and the pistachio salmon and octopus carpaccio that were popular dishes among Yelpers aren't on the menu anymore :(PRICE: Pretty reasonable, mostly ranging from $8 - $12. The portions might seem small with the taco dishes only having 2 tacos, but they're surprisingly filling. My friend and I ordered 4 plates, which came out to be about $50 after tax/tip.ATMOSPHERE: Lively. There's bar seating, booths and tables that are relatively close to each other. Bright with lots of light and high ceilings. Lots of bright, colorful, patterned wallpaper and cushions, and very eclectically decorated: suits on the back cushions of seats, a wall of car doors, slightly creepy hanging hand/glove art and dog statues everywhere.SERVICE: Attentive without being intruding. Our waitress gave us time to look at the menu and checked up on us once or twice. Food came out reasonably quickly. The servers were good about clearing the plates as we finished dishes to give us more space on the table and also asked to make sure we were enjoying the food.=====-CHIPS & SALSA (complimentary) - 2/5For a nice Mexican restaurant, their chips and salsa were rather disappointing. The chips were very average and both salsas (red and green) were pretty bland. -PANKO AVOCADO TACO ($9) - 4.5/5[oaxaca cheese, caramelized onion, anaheim peppers, red onion]Ordered this because it's on 7x7's Big Eat list for 2015. Honestly, I was a little skeptical about it being on the list and wasn't expecting to enjoy fried/breaded avocado, but I was pleasantly surprised! Contrary to my belief, the taco didn't feel heavy or unhealthy despite the cheese and fried aspect. The avocado was soft and silky on the inside and had a slight crunch from the panko breading, and the cheese was perfectly gooey.-CEVICHE ($12) - 4.5/5[shrimp & rock fish, jicama, salted peppercorns, citrus roasted pepper sauce]I really enjoyed this but I'm a little biased towards loving ceviche in general. It comes with only 4 large chips, but the complimentary chips they give before your meal work very well for eating the rest of the ceviche. The jicama and corn added a nice crunch and texture, the shrimp and fish were fresh and the citrus sauce was light and refreshing. The only problem I had was that there were only 2 shrimp in our ceviche!-TACO TROPICAL ($9) - 4/5[panko and spice-dusted shrimp, tropical relish, spicy aioli, on jicama "tortillas"]Asked for the aioli on the side since my friend and I generally don't like our food drenched in sauces. The tacos were really nice and light without any sort of aioli or sauces, which I personally preferred. The tomato and pineapple relish added a touch of sweetness and the jicama tortillas were a unique touch - absolutely loved them! I didn't care for the breading on the shrimp though; it was kind of thick and took away from the lightness of the rest of the taco.-TUNA TACON ($10) - 3.5/5[seared albacore tuna, avocado, shellfish aioli, roasted tomatillo sauce on the side]These tacos seemed very popular amongst Yelpers, so naturally we had to order them. Unfortunately, my friend and I both found the tacos to be kind of disappointing. We asked for the aioli on the side and I'm glad we did. Even without the aioli, I could barely taste the tuna. The piece of tuna wasn't very big and the flavor and texture of just the avocado overpowered it. Not a bad dish, but not special.
Food is good, but their so-called online reservation system is impossible. If you phone them for a reservation, they will refer you to their online reservation system through Yelp. But it will only give you 6pm or sometime after 9:30pm - even if you try several weeks out. Why don't they simply state they don't accept reservations for desirable times!
I only vaguely remember Lolo since my boyfriend insisted on getting pre dinner drinks at Latin America club beforehand. It was our fourth date and we were still basking in the new relationship (or alcohol-fueled) glow. I'm not exactly sure what we ordered but everything was pretty good. The drinks were strong and the ceviche tasted fresh. It was a bit loud but we both enjoyed the lively atmosphere. Check out viracocha next door for some speakeasy fun afterwards!
Trendy, loud ambiance with good selection of small plates. Would make a reservation or plan to wait 40-60 min. For two people three small plates seems to be the right number. We ordered four and between those and the complimentary chips and salsa had too much to eat. Not a terrible problem though since leftover carnitas and corn tortillas make a tasty breakfast. In addition to the carnitas we had, in descending order of our favorites, the tuna tacon (an ahi steak taco with a smoky sauce), mushroom and cheese empanadas, and fried Brussels sprouts.
Maybe I've been spoiled with good Mexican food in SD but these tacos were just okay. I do love the decor of this place though, it wasn't very Spanish but more of a fun spontaneous collection of items. On a busy Saturday night we were able to be seated at the bar. They didn't have a big craft beer menu (I'm used to SD having like 30+ on tap...) but I did see an IPA and got it. My friend got the Sangria and he said it was very sweet. Food items -Ceviche: I absolutely did not like the corn nuts in the ceviche. Corn nuts are hard to bite into and didn't go well with it. The ceviche was okay...definitely had better ceviche, this one was way too bland and not enough Mexican spices. -Panko avocado taco: It's just a fried warm avocado in panko, I don't know how I felt about this, but I remember eating and just thought of like mushy baby food. -Fried fish taco: The fried fish taco was decent, nothing memorable though.My friend who works at Twitter said the kitchen staff there makes better tacos than Lolo... and that's coming from a Mexican too. I guess you can say we were both a little disappointed when we left.
It took way too long to get seated but you can wait by the bar in the mean time and their drinks were great which was a good thing.The server we had wasn't really attentive to us our the table next to us which was a bit annoying since we had already been waiting quite a while( for 2!) and then longer to order... but end of the day it was a cool experience. They have funky decor and the vibe/energy is exciting.I would come back for drinks,but not sure about waiting to get fed though. It tasted good but the options were OK.The food portions although appear small but are quite filling. I didn't really finish my food, I had a fish taco which was hard to eat since it kept falling apart but it was tasty, the lemon was way too overpowering tho
AMAZING! We just left after having the best lunch in San Fran... Order the following:Taco Tropical - shrimp taco on a thin slice of Jicama. The most amazing flavors and texture.  Ceviche CarnitasAny of the egg dishes for brunchFlan for desertYou must make a reservation around lunch time on a Saturday - seating is limited, however there is a bar you could sit at.
It's been 5 days...and every day since, I have been craving Lolo! Lolo is a cute, colorful, festive tapas restaurant with both tables/booths and bar seating. You should try to book a reservation in case it's a busy day. Luckily, my friend and I were able to sit at the bar at 7:30, which is actually fine for dining between 2. I liked that we were side to side (felt more intimate). I will warn you that everything on their menu sounds so delicious! We shared 5 dishes,1 drink each. If you're very hungry, 5 will be enough and to be honest, you should probably just get 4....TUNA TACON: Tuna + avocado in a tortilla? Simple but oh so tasty. I thought the sauce pulled it all together (it was almost like a soy or teriyaki sauce) as it added saltiness to your otherwise very refreshing bite. I also liked the tortilla they used. I could snack on these all day! EMPANADAS: These might have been my favorite. Just very fresh and cooked perfectly. Soft, flaky bread on the outside with juicy mushrooms and corn inside. Mmm! CEVICHE: Maybe a little too acidic (citrus-y, sour) for me BUT I freaking LOVEDDD the corn nuts!!!! It added great crunch and contrasted well against the fresh acidity. I also liked the thin chips that were included. More crunch crunch! Overall, I would totally get this again.CARNITAS: I have to admit that I think El Techno's carnitas are a bit more flavorful and tender, but Lolo's are still good! Add the pickled onions and guac to your taco. All those flavors will be very satisfying. FRESH PRINCE (cocktail): I'm a sucker for cocktails that have egg whites in them. Makes the drink fresh and also adds a heavier consistency. Fresh Prince was refreshing and a bit fruity (citrus) with perfect amount of alcohol. I need to come back to try more of their dishes. Or, I might reorder all of the above again! Either way, I'll be a happy gal. *Good for friend catching-up or date nights!
Ambiance:It is cute and kitschy but feels very temporary - like the wallpaper feels like it is going to fall off any moment. I wonder how it will look in there in a year... maybe worse than Fritz on Valencia. Drinks:Nailed it. We tried a selection from the menu and everything was spot on in taste and well executed. If you super want to nitpick, the nice big ice cubes were cloudy, but then you should sthu.Food:Tacos were amazing (that tropical one and the tuna - tho the tuna was overcooked, the flavors were so on point).Guac was not spicy or salty enough but still decentPork belly was missing crispy skin, which make me sad. But I still managed to eat it ;-)End Result:Our bill was pretty stupid high, but we are lushes so I blame only myself for that. I am not 100% sure I will become a regular or anything, but I would send a co-worker if I sort of liked them and they lived in the south bay and didnt know where to eat in the city and were not super foodies.
My boyfriend and I enjoyed a late lunch at Lolo a while ago and we were very impressed. On a blustery SF day, we were happy to dip into the warmth of Lolo. The decor is really interesting, pictures of dogs everywhere, bright and fun colors, car doors on the wall, blown-up photos of palm trees are just a few of the things that you'll probably notice. We had fantastic, friendly, and quick service and loved our food. We love trying different restaurants whenever we head up to SF from San Jose but recently decided to eat at Lolo again when my bf's sister was in a town - high compliments from us to Lolo! I'm sure we'll be back again. When you've finished your meal, don't forget to stop for a coffee down the street at Ritual Roasters.The food highlights:cripsy chilaquiles - fried tortilla chips bathed until tender in salsa, peppers, cotija cheese, queso fresco, and sour cream. Mmmm, so good. Make sure to add eggs for a hearty breakfast (and the perfect hangover cure).taco tropical - panko crusted shrimp, tropical relish, and and spicy aioli on jicama tacos. Definitely the best thing there!ceviche - shrimp and rock fish citrus roasted pepper sauce, avocado, corn nuts. Definitely a little more citrusy than I'm used too but super delicious.
This is my absolute favorite restaurant in San Francisco, which is a huge title to have. Michelin stars, prix fixe menus with price tags in the hundreds, world renowned chefs, all put to shame.It's been a part of the neighborhood as long as I have, and they've been on point every single time, in terms of service, menu, and cocktails. Very glad they opened this new location in addition to Cevicheria because it's no longer impossible to walk in and get a seat for two at the bar--in fact I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes since then. Still, make a reservation if you can!Favorites: tuna tacon, cochinita tostadas, huitlacoche ravioli (the color and texture of this corn fungus is a bit adventurous for some, but I grew up with it--delicious). And the salsas, the cornerstone of a Mexican meal, are superb.First timers, you should go with at least four people so you can family-style it and sample as much as possible. I've sent a steady stream of out of towners here throughout the years and they always come out raving about it. It's a no-brainer!
Wish I had the chance to try this place out. Made a reservation over a week ago for 3 people at 9 pm. Arrive at 9 and the server greets me and says it shouldn't be more than 10 minutes because my take is waiting right now. The entrance Isnt big so I stepped right outside the door. I watch a table on the left get up and leave and then I watch her seat a group that just walked in randomly after me. She comes back after seating then and looks a bit shocked when she sees me. Then has the audacity to ask me if my whole party is here...yet... they were standing right next to me. Then as if she was doing me a huge favor and didn't just seat a walk in group at the table I reserved, she says im going to get you this great booth. The booth she gestures to still had drinks on the Yankee and fishy even have their bill. After another 10 minutes wait she asked if we wanted to sit at the bar. Unprofessional, made reservations for no reason and she should have just apologized instead of thinking we were stupid and trying to play it off. Went across the street to Dosa for amazing service, food and drinks. Too bad because I was looking forward to Lolo and was hyping it up to my sister and friend.
A total gem! The staff, the food, the feel of the restaurant were all so yummy and welcoming. Be sure to try a cocktail, they excel there too. I highly recommend the octopus tacos and ceviche.
Such a fun, hip, and yummy tapas place! I think this might be one of my new favorites in the mission!We ordered the following:- White sangria - just what's needed for a super hot night and not too heavy or sugary- Guacomole with cotija cheese - LOVED, but who hates guacomole?- Fried brussels sprouts - a definite must. Brussels sprouts were the right amount cooked and SO SO SO good.- Fried avocado taco - YUM, the avocado was so buttery and all the sauces blended so well together. I even put some of the guac on here cuz you can never have too much avocado :)- Tropical taco - the taco wrapper is made of jicama so it's gluten free, and besides being super unique, it was also delicious (though the avocado taco was my fave).Quite busy so make a reservation if you're coming with a big group (or be prepared to sit at the bar).Yum yum yum!
I came here with my friend for dinner on a weeknight. The wait wasn't bad at all, and we were promptly seated. We ordered four plates to share among the two of us. The chips and salsa they bring out to each table were great. I was a big fan of the chip basket. We ordered the fried brussels sprouts, ceviche, ahi tuna tostada (their special of the day), and the guacamole. The fried brussels sprouts were great - the zinfandel vinaigrette and the hazelnuts were amazing. The tuna tostada was also good - the perfect crunch with well-marinated fish. The guacamole was standard guac, but I did like the added touch of cotija cheese. The ceviche was the least memorable in my opinion. I like seafood, but the fish in the ceviche was not tender enough for me. I also thought the citrus flavor overpowered everything in the bowl of ceviche. I did enjoy the peppercorns, though.Definitely coming back here!
An underwhelming experience. We got the taco tropical and the avocado toast. Lolo really knows how to make their food look good. Unfortunately, the food did not taste as good as they looked.We started with some complimentary chips and salsa (red and green). The chips tasted fresh and the red salsa had a nice little spicy kick. I wasn't a fan of the green salsa though as it was too sour for my taste.The taco tropical was a solid dish. The shrimp tasted great and the sauces complimented the shrimp very well.We ended the meal with the avocado toast, which unfortunately was just not good at all. I'm not sure if it was an off day, but the toast just tasted bad. Usually I'm a fan of big servings, but it was honestly quite painful for me to finish this toast. The avocado toast tasted how one of those Chinese fish markets smell, and those fish markets smell pretty bad. The trout flavor was just way too fishy. It was like they sprinkled ocean water on this dish. I'm sad that this dish had to lower my rating of the restaurant so much, but honestly I was just not a fan at all of the avocado toast. If I just had the taco tropical, I think I would've given this place 4 stars.
Every time I have been in here, I walk out feeling like a new women. Those avocado tacos... what. Thank you...1. To the staff for being so warm and friendly (and not snobby)2. For having good wines on your menu3. For not being too busy at 6pm on a Monday4. For letting my friend and I take our sweet jolly time while gradually ordering tapas5. For reading my mind when my glass was low6. For being only walking distance from 24th and Mission Bart7. For refilling our chips numerous timesAnd that's all folks. Just go here!!
You must try the Taco Tropical - it was one of the best tacos I've ever had. It contains shrimp and panko on a jicama tortilla - a thinly sliced Mexican vegetable. We had also ordered the guacamole/chips and the carnitas. I wasn't really blown away by the carnitas, it lacked a lot of flavor in my opinion and was a bit dry. Overall, it's a place you must come see. I loved the decor and their amazing customer service - everyone is very welcoming and attentive.
First time here today. We made reservations for brunch. They even sent a reminder an hour before to confirm the reservation.The service was very warm and friendly. The environment was fun yet very accepting of our 7 month old daughter.We were a party of 3 (not counting our daughter). We tried the croissant French toast, Mexican eggs Benedict, chorizo scramble, taco tropical, and had micheladas. Everything was delicious. The french toast was very unique and worth trying. Although, I still think the best french toast is still at NOPA :)Ambiance is pretty chill. You fee relaxed and enjoy the liveliness while still being able to have a conversation.
We came here just for drinks on a Mission District outing. The sangria was notably good with poppy (floral) and cardamom bitters which added delightful dimension to an already delicious Spanish staple. The food certainly looked amazing, but we haven't explored the menu. Another recon visit will happily be in order to do so.
My friends and I came here for a quick dinner on a Monday evening, and it was packed. Seriously, if a restaurant has a 1-hour wait time on a Monday, you know you've found a happening spot!We ordered the taco tropical, tuna tacon, brussel sprouts, and ceviche. Oh...my...gluttony...the taco tropical?!?! I never thought I'd enjoy eating a daikon as a tortilla -- much less, crave it -- but now I know. Everything in the taco tropical was so well-balanced, light, and flavorful, that I can understand why it's the main hit on the menu. The brussel sprouts were slightly charred and accompanied with toasted chickpeas and sauteed onions, and the portion was large enough that we couldn't even finish it. The ceviche was also excellent. The tuna tacon tacos featured a meaty slab of tuna tartare that tasted on par with other restaurants in SF, but it wasn't as mindblowingly good as the other dishes we ordered. The ambience is playful and inviting, just like the food. Excellent service. We'll be back, especially to get more of that delicious taco tropical!
Love love love love loveJust an exciting and intelligent flavor fest that made me forgive the fact i was eating out for the 4th day in a row. The sangria had this zest and intense flavor I don't normally find in sangria, the tortilla soup surprised me with every bite, and the empanadas were simply the best I've ever had ( of course I'm partial to mushrooms). I'm also easily impatient when waiting for food, and not a second was wasted in delivering one food item after another. I don't normally write yelp reviews ( this is the first time), but i feel an obligation to entice hungry San Franciscans to Lolo and win them a 5 star yelp review.
Excellent food, drinks, and ambience.Went there for Halloween night and had a great time. What we triedMargarita, n a couple of other cocktails we tried were greatAvocado tacos excellent Mushroom empanadas- best we have ever hadVeggie quesadilla was good as well
Ate here for dinner with a bunch of friends and we had a good time. Only comment is this place portion size is quite small so you end up ordering a bunch of different plates to munch on. I don't remember what we ordered but it was sky since there was 6 of us. This place could get packed too so we were seated outside which was kind of cold. Not to mention the bums all around walking by , asking for $$ and all we can do is share our food but they instead they refuse to have it. Anyway,this place is good but I have had better tapas in other places in the city.
I came here after a good friend recommended this place and I decided to check it out with the wifey. Hands down this was the best dinner of the year the far. It's all about tapas. We ordered some tacos that were absolutely amazing. The pork belly is best I've ever had. And I already forgot the last dish, but it was also very good.I can't say enough about this place. There was a wait, about an hour. But the bar is open seating. So we sat down immediately. And then the service is exceptional. Every waiter or waitress is unique and had a sense of their own style. Go check this place out. You will not regret it!
one of my favorite spots in the mission - the ambience is great, perfect if you're a little buzzed with their amazing cocktails (the bartenders take their drinks so seriously there), the decor is fun and the music is hip and the waiters/waitresses are so friendly!this place has lots of fantastic seafood and vegetarian plates which are ideal for my diet but they have a variety of meat options as well. my personal favorites are their avocado tacos and lamb sliders and definitely try the croissant french toast and huevos rancheros if you're there for brunch!
This place is so cute, very eclectic decor and a lively atmosphere. As for the food, it's less traditional Spanish tapas and more Latin style fare. We had a vegetarian with our party of 4 and this place has tons of veggie options, and they're also very good. We shared the corn, the ceviche, guac, taco tropical, the pork belly, flutas, mushroom empanadas, and the horchata mousse. Everything on the menu was good, the standouts were the corn, the tacos, and the empanadas. All in all, a great experience and I'll definitely be back. I was fortunate to make a reservation because the place gets packed and we saw a lot of people coming in trying to get a table.
Croissant French Toast is sooooo good. Best French Toast I've ever had. No hyperbole I could eat 3 orders.
Had dinner here last night and loved it! Great drinks! We had the tuna tacon tacos which I highly recommend, they were phenomenal. The octopus and pork belly were also amazing.Could've skipped the flan for dessert, it was okay. But otherwise everything was delicious!
WOW I loved this meal. Started off with the SANGRIA -- best sangria I've ever had and it was because of the poppy liquor. It gave it a hint of rose, like a rose tea. I loved every sip. But it could've been a lot stronger (in terms of alc) -- my friend and I both loved our drinks but thought they were a bit weak. Then the TACOS -- taco tropical and tuna tacon. Taco tropical is a great shrimp taco that is so soft I thought it was fish, and wonderfully light and flavorful because of the daikon radish rather than a tortilla. The tuna tacon was also delicious -- more savory but a good pairing with the taco tropical. The tacos are a must here -- their flavor complexity is on point. Finally I ordered the lamb sliders and my friend the empanadas. We liked both but definitely thought the tacos stole the show. Lamb sliders were a bit too savory in my opinion -- but the addition of the jalapeo peppers was a nice balance. What I will say is this was by far the most filling dish, so if you come with someone who's concerned they won't be full order this one! It comes with a nice side of shoestring fries too :)10/10 will def come again. Great food, great drinks, and wonderful service. :)P.S. Make a reservation on Yelp -- super easy and it works!
Delightful food! Very tasty! The guac is incredible. Solid drink specials.
LOVE. I went on a Wednesday night and had reservations for 6PM. The reservation is a must even on a Wednesday! Right after we were seated, there was a line outside the door. I can definitely see why. We ordered the Tropical taco, Romaine Lettuce salad, Pork belly, ceviche, lamb sliders, and Mexican vanilla ice cream for dessert.The BEST dish of the night had to be the Tropical Taco. They came as a pair in soft shell tortillas. It is a tropical flavor blast in your mouth! The Romaine Lettuce salad is quite refreshing after eating a dish like the pork belly and lamb sliders. I thought the pork belly was just okay. My mom makes a better pork belly dish. And the lamb slider was bigger than other sliders that I've seen. It was just okay too. The Ceviche is ceviche and this was delicious. DESSSERT. I always have room for dessert. The Mexican vanilla ice cream with churro cinnamon sticks and caramel. It was huge and way enough to fill two people. It hit the spot! I would definitely come back :)
Great vibe, great food, great staff!! Can't fault it
Lamb sliders were really good, shisito peppers were good too, some were super spicy, and some weren't as much. The ceviche was not bad, not your typical ceviche you'll find at a peruvian place, but not bad. Chips and dips were good though, and service was excellent. Sat at the bar because it would of been an hr wait for a table.
I've walked by here several times during brunch hours and there always seems to be a long wait. Luckily for us today we checked around 12:30 and there was no wait for a table for two!I really like the decor of this place. It's quite spacious and can accommodate a lot of seating. Service was friendly and prompt.We ordered the crispy chilaquiles and another egg and ham dish in mole that I forgot the name of.Both were very tasty and sparked our interest to come back to try other things on their menu including coming back during dinner as well.
I want to love you, I do! Your decor is SO vibrant and colorful. I just want to stare at every wall all day and ask myself WHY! this is so random but so cool! The upsides: the drinks are tasty! I had 2 Mezcal drinks..the watermelon juice one was my favorite.The downsides: The food. Man, I really wanted to love you. But I've been here twice and both times we didn't think much of the food. The portions are tiny, the tuna tacon was ok but really small. The carnitas plate was dry, the corn on cob was good but just somehow not as good as the ones on the streets! The fried brussel sprouts were good. I think my favorite thing I enjoyed was the fried avocado taco. It's a great place for drinks and a fun atmosphere since it's open late and the decor is so cheerful, but for amazing tapas, it's a-ok.
I came here for a dinner with a friend. It's a cool place, a bit hipster, but nice looking place.The food is great, but they're small portions since they are tapas. It is a bit pricey as well. So I advise to go with a group and order a little bit of everything and split the bill.It's totally hipster, American fusion version of tapas. If you like fancy food, its great, but if you're looking for authentic, go somewhere else.The fish tacos were great along with the beef tacos as well. Everything looked really good and tasty. Plus for the the ambience and decorations in the restaurant, its cute.
Came here on a Saturday for brunch with a friend and had a really good time. I made reservations just in case since we wanted to eat around noon, but when we got here there were still a couple tables empty, so I probably could have done without them.I got the chorizo scramble and my friend got the huevos rancheros. We both really enjoyed our meals...the scramble was super tasty and the chorizo was chopped up much more finely than I expected so it wasn't in big chunks. I didn't try the huevos rancheros but the egg yolk was very runny and my friend commented multiple times that it was really good, so I will take his word for it. One of the reasons I picked this place was because they had a lot of vegetarian options for my friend, so it's definitely very vegetarian friendly.Decor was very colorful and fun!Parking was a bit of a pain, but after driving around for maybe 10 minutes I was lucky enough to find a spot on the street two blocks away. If you're driving here, make sure to give yourself some extra time to look for parking.
I was ready to love this place from the get-go based on the name alone (Lolo just rolls off the tongue, doesn't it?). Alas, the food and service were disappointing.Our waitress kept disappearing for way too long (well-intentioned but rather oblivious and inattentive). At one point my friend and I were left aghast when a bus boy tried to take our plates away while we were still clearly eating. (I could maaaaaaaaaaybe forgive him if he was feeling anxious and there were a lot of people waiting but by that point there were empty tables galore and no one in line.) I ordinarily have a lot of patience but this was just inexcusable.Of course, the food could have redeemed Lolo but it just really wasn't all that. The kale salad with gaja apples, cotija cheese and lime vinagrette was my favorite dish (which just feels wrong in a Mexican restaurant). The empanadas were pretty good but a little oily (I prefer Limon's rendition). The grilled beef taco was tasty, but the tuna tacon one (which we ordered upon the recommendation of our waitress) was atrocious. It tasted like a Japanese-Mexican fusion dish heavy on the mayo ... just completely unappealing.On the bright side, the space is amazing. Wasn't quite understanding the suit jackets pinned to the wall as decor, but the high ceilings and vibrant colors made Lolo feel pretty fun. Did I mention the margs are absolutely delicious, too? Quite possibly my fave in the city.Next time I'll come for the sangria + margaritas, and eat dinner elsewhere.
Overrated for sure. Husband and I stopped in on date night. Started off with cocktails, which were decent. I'd highly recommend the "two bird one stone" actually. But starting with the chips and salsa, uf. The green salsa was really tart, like almost unbearably so! The corn we ordered was swimming in crema, when I am used to my Mexican corn slathered in mayo, lime, chili and cotija. The corn was also steamed/boiled, which was disappointing. The rest of our food, avocado tacos and flautas were also subpar. The taco had that same too tart salsa in excess, but would have been delicious if used in super moderation. And the flautas were just insipid, and the cheese was burnt to inedible at the ends. If we were to come back, it'd be for the drinks but not really. Sad day, everything looked so promising!
We love the decor here. They have such a unique and style, we can deny and admire their sense of decoration and believe it or not, it makes their food taste even better, when you look around and eat their food at the same time.   And their foods are pretty good also, I can't say it's real Mexican food. It's more like a fusion but definitely good.   The only complain ( or maybe two ) is the price and the portion of their food. I would say ... their price is a bit high, consider the size of the portion. So if you come here and want one meal disc with a great prize to fill you up. We are in the WRONG PLACE.   I would say this is more like a trendy place that young people come and meet and hang out and drink and go though at least 4 -5 orders, just to ease their hunger....   Well, i would say, try this place, it's fun but i am not sure this is the place where you will come every week for your main dinner meal.... it's too expensive, too small of a portion to make it regular dinner place....
I don't even know where should I start to say good things about the place. We came in 30 minutes before the official closing time and were seated with a full menu on a table. I was ready to listen that kitchen is closed and you can have a short drink, but Lolo surprised me first time during the evening in a good way. So it was my first star for the place. Service was good starting from first minutes. We've got the usual chips and salsa and my second star came. The home-made salsas both green and red were spicy and hot in absolutely right way. I never pay attention to salsa, because usually I have never to say about, this time I was ready to buy a small jar from them.We ordered 3 tapas and all three were delicious and tasty. Our order was: grilled octopus, Brussels sprouts and chicken. The best dish of the meal for me was grilled octopus. The octopus itself tasted great, the style of serving was unusual but above all the balance of the salad, mash potatoes and sauce, was pretty much perfect. Didn't get a chance to try their' deserts, but defiantly will come back to do it.
We stumbled into Lolo at 6pm on a Wednesday and were able to snag the last two seats at the bar, I heard the hostess tell the couple after us that the wait would be 1hr - so make a reservation.We started with the shishito peppers which were okay. I don't know that I'd get them again. We also got the guac which I liked a lot and would order again.Now for the tacos.We ordered the taco tropical, tuna tacon, panko avocado and I think my boyfriend also got the chicken confit tostadas.They first brought out the tuna tacon tacos which were AMAZING, like the best I've ever had.They followed with the taco tropical and panko avocado but they just didn't even come close. My boyfriend was still hungry so we thought about ordering another round of the tuna tacon but in the end he went with the chicken.Whenever I'm back in SF, I'll come back for the tuna and guac.Ps. Cocktails + environment were good too!
It was fabulous. It took us some time to find a parking space. But then when we entered, it was crowded. Not in the bad kind, but very popular kind. Even when we made a reservation. We waited for less than five minutes so they can clean up the table. And when the food came, it was perfect. I have never taste any Mexican food so good that I even want to bite my tongue. It's so worth trying.
A late night dining option in the neighborhood. Food is innovative and tasty, though pricey. For example: two shrimp tacos served on a big circular slice of jicama rather than tortilla. Fresh and interesting, but just two nibbles per taco for $10.Atmosphere is dark, eclectic, buzzing with people in the waning days of youth. Finds good mix between bar and restaurant.M and I came here with our list of life to-dos. We decided to March Forth. I had 2/3rds of an Anchor Steam and felt pleasantly light-headed. So I oughta remember this place forever.
This was a fun experience in the heart of San Francisco's Mission District. There is a buzz about this restaurant from the moment you step inside...it has a lively atmosphere, it is bright and cheery, comfortable but relatively basic. There is a sense that it is all about the food and the business comes second. The server was good, welcoming, suggestions were helpful and all this without feeling being over attended.We had some great dishes including the Ceviche, Brussel Sprouts, Calamari, Lamb Sliders and Pork Belly salad.......we enjoyed every dish however the Ceviche with the jicama and corn added a delightful texture and a pleasant variant to it's flavour and made this the standout. Oh yes, and so too the Lamb sliders which were so tasty and succulent........We will be back as there is much more on the menu to look forward to enjoying....we will just need to pick the time as this place has many others customers wanting to enjoy the fine food and waiting is the only limiter about eating here.
great great spot! perhaps an under-rated, overlooked gem...wait who am I kidding this place seems to be getting really popular and it is so deserved. Everything we ordered was fantastic and perfectly flavored. Some of my favorites include: fried brussel sprouts, masa quesadillas, empanadas, gorditas and the floutas. I really have to come back here more often...if I lived in the mission I would make this a weekly spot.
This is the place that I go for every celebration. LOVE the fried brussel sprouts and carnitas.
I would eat here once a week if I could afford to. Dinner starts at 530PM and the seats fill up pretty quickly, especially if you plan on going towards the end of the week and between 7-9PM. I suggest making a reservation if you're pressed for time. You walk in and the decor and staff give you that warming feeling of Jalisco. I usually sit at the bar because I love watching the adorable bar gents make my drinks. I usually order the Fresh Prince (it has passion fruit and egg white.. YUM) but their drinks with Mezcal are worth a try. Believe me when I say you cannot go wrong with anything you order on both their drink menu and their food menu. I probably crave their flautas on a weekly basis. That crema on top perfects the dish, making me salivate as I'm thinking about it right now. Their brussel sprouts are full of flavor and one of my favorite starters. You will leave very satisfied!
Seriously one of my favorite Tapas bars right now. The food is generous in portions and very tasty. I always order their margarita with a spicy chili rim and their fried shrimp and ahi tuna tacos. If you haven't done so, you need to check this place out in the mission. It's a gem!
Didn't plan to come here, just so happened and I am So Happy I Did! Possibly my new favorite in the Mission. Friday night, everyone is trying to get into Superbowl city, this place is still packed. Grabbed two seats at the counter. Got attentive and friendly service, drink and food recommendation. My favorites were Taco Tropical and Mezcal Barbacoa, although pork belly was delicious too. Definitely coming back to try Grilled Octopus. Drinks are delicious and beautifully presented.
Loved this place! Love love love the decor, food, & drinks. The only thing i didn't like was that I was one of the first customers there when they opened. I ordered the tuna and she said they were out of tuna. I'm like you just opened. Anyway I ordered tropical taco and it was amazing! Drinks are a bit pricey but good.
The tuna tacon was awesome! Vibe was cool. Guac and drinks were delish. go go go.
YUM! My friends have always suggested to come here and was considering having my birthday here, but ended up elsewhere. However, this is a pretty good place. Damn. I ordered a bellini because you know sometimes, you need a drink. Bellini was decent, not the best one I've had, but then again, my favorite version is frozen (from Fat Tuesday). Regardless, I came for brunch to try their panko avocado taco. Fried avocado, onions and peppers in a taco. So good. When the avocado is fried, it's got this great crunchy outside, but then the inside is warm, gooey and silky. Definitely a great dish to share and get. Free chips and salsa - always great!The people next to me go the taco tropical and tuna tacon which both looked really good. Will have to try next time! Overall, cute little place. Very nice surroundings, beach scenes on the walls. Decent service. Protip: Get in early. Seems like they fill up quickly. But I went myself at around brunchtime and it was easy to be seated.
CAN I GIVE 10 STARS!! Holy crap this place is fabulous. And seriously the food is so so so so so SO DELICIOUS!! We had pretty much everything on the menu. But my favorite thing was the tortilla soup, Brussel sprouts and the homemade tortillas. My husband loved the shrimp Diablo. Everything was great and the service was quick and polite. Not only will we be back we will recommend to everyone and anyone in the area! Thank ya! Now we head to our food coma.
Great place! Creative/interesting decor. Nice atmosphere and good service. Very welcoming. Superb food and drinks, loved the salsa verde! I had the Tuna Tacon and my sister had the Tropical Taco, great flavors. Definitely coming again!
I want to like Lolo, I really do. But every time I go in there I feel like I'm not part of the boys club. There's something about the attitude of the staff that makes you feel like you should appreciate them for letting you inside (and not the other way around).The atmosphere is great, the food delicious and drinks are terrific. But they have this weird transition period where they stop serving drinks and food to prepare for dinner. I understand the prep for dinner, I really do. At least they could keep serving drinks during that transition period.Overall, I just wish there was less of a sense of arrogance in the air.
One of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco.
OMG yum yum yum yum!!!!First, I give it props for the fusion twists.Second, I give it props for the hipster decor.Third, I give it props for the delicious cocktails.Lastly, lets give an encore to the food.The Fish Taco on Jicama is amazing, as well as the Lamb Brioche Sliders.The crab croquettas were also good. similar to a potato ball. Still fairly relative to latin cuisne. (cuban potato balls)I have to come back here to try the brussel sprouts and empanadas.
Great food and drinks!! I would have to say the empanadas were the BEST, followed by the lamb sliders!
Given how close this place is to my home and how lovely the decor is, I really truly wanted to love Lolo. Went three times and promised myself to never return. The first visit was somewhat better, but then the food quality seems to decrease every time I go back. I've tried.. Avocado taco: mushy, lacking in seasoning. Texture needs work and flavor needs to be strongerTaco tropical: this is good. If you go, try this. Crab croquette: these mushy balls were disgusting. Maybe they didn't fry them correctly but they were basically tasted like raw flour mixed with crab flavoring. Yuck. Tuna tacon: meh nothing special.Lamb sliders: again, meh. Dry buns.Their chips need salt. Their drinks are good. Overall, it's not worth the wait or the price. For better tapas, go to Bocadillo in fidi.
Went with friends who live in the mission... $10 for a mini taco?? in the Mission? where you can get delicious tacos everywhere for 1/3 the price? We tried the tropical taco - fried avocado, fried pineapple and shrimp... May have been a bad choice, but we thought it sounded interesting. It wasn't. Small, greasy, confused flavors. $12 six-inch Quesadilla - ? Nothing special. The place was busy and I just can't figure out why. Maybe it's the full bar.
PROS: Decor is charming and weird in the best way, bar staff was really on top of it and had a real passion for making cocktails that are really lovely and unique, chips & salsa is really good! CONS: Pricey, often a long wait, some items are much stronger offerings than others. Pick wisely at Lolo, because while everything is good, a some items are MUCH better than others. Skip the chicken tinga tostadas, get the pulled pork gorditas instead, and load up on veggies -- corn, shishito peppers, asparagus, salads are all really good. The carnitas are 50/50 -- sometimes they're great, but on this visit they were pretty flavorless and... watery? They lacked the spice or citrus or even some fatty/oilyness to make them good, but other times they've been great -- I think it depends when you order them relative to when they were put in the steamer.
Came here because my friend wanted me to try this place. We arrive fairly early in the night- around 8:30PM, the hostess tells us it's about a 40 min. Wait, so we put our name down and walk down to the bookstore to kill some time. Come back at 9PM and she tells us that we're the next to be seated. We end up not getting seated until 10PM!! Absolutely ridiculous - for a party of 2?! Finally get seated, and it takes forever for someone to come by and take our order. Once we have someone finally stop by the table, they take our drink order and then leave- have to wait even longer for the drinks to arrive and only then did they take our order for food. After we ordered, the food came out fairly quickly but I felt rushed as they were more than eager to come and swoop our plates as soon as we were finished. We ordered the guacamole, tacos tropical, tuna tacos, and squid in black ink croquetas. Albeit the food was good, but the service and absurdly long wait soured my experience. I probably wouldn't come here again- as there are a plethora of excellent dinner spots in the mission that don't require more than an hour and half wait.
Definitely coming back again for the tuna tacon! We tried the taco tropical, tuna tacon, crab croquetas, & lamb sliders. Everything was really good, though my favorites were definitely the tuna tacon (taco with a slab of seared tuna, avocado & aioli) and the lamb sliders. I also really liked the taco tropical (taco with panko & spice dusted shrimp). However, if you only want to order one taco dish, I would pick the tuna tacon over the taco tropical.
Doses and Mimosas on a Sunday afternoon at a local Mission favorite. Had chorizo and beef tacos, Mexican French toast (I.e. loads of butter on top of a flattened butter croissant, which makes this dish devilishly divine!) and Mexican vanilla ice cream with churro tasting crisps. It was so hard to decide which tacos I liked the best. Chorizo is less oily, has green bell peppers and just enough flavor to bring it home. Not as tasty to beat out the best chorizo burritos at hole in the walls in La, but a great healthy option. Beef tacos were a "deluxe" version of El Tonayense taco truck due to guacamole and pickled onions. Along with the cute, colorful authentic Mexican decor (I.e. Day of the Dead skeletons hanging), good management and line chefs, I rate the overall dining experience a delightfully unexpected and cohesive one.
The bartenders are hot, and the drinks are strong! The sangria is not to be missed. Not your typical tutti-frutti sangria, but more boozy. And let's face it, if you're paying for alcohol, you want to actually taste it! This drink has a way of sneaking up on you, so be sure to order the guacamole to get a good base in your belly. It's very creamy, not too spicy, and topped with cotija cheese. The fish tacos, and quesadillas were delicious. We also had the flautas, but they were slightly less impressive. To me it was like a tortilla wrapped around a cheese stick, and deep fried. We had no trouble getting a seat at the bar, which is a good place to be, because you get the full vibe of the place with their outstanding taste in dcor. I would definitely visit again, because with tapas, you should try everything at least once.Thanks for a good time, Lolo!
No wait when arriving at 6pm on a Saturday night! Such a cute spot with eclectic decor... I think someone described it as Andy Warhol meets Mexico-spot on description!!Our dinner for 2 was amazing!!!Here's what we ordered:1.) guacamole to start2.) taco tropical (soooooo good)3.) tuna tacon (WOWOWOWOWOWOW)4.) flan for desertYou might look at the portions as if they're not enough, but wow Lolo's is truly about quality not quantity! We were so glad we finally got to try this place, left perfectly full & can't wait to go back to try more!!
With the move to the new space I didn't even realize I had been to Lolo before! Wow, what a difference a few years makes!My friend got reservations and when 2 of us arrived a bit early we were able to get seated while we waited for our third.I think we ordered: brussels sprouts, kale salad, ceviche, fish tacos and chicken tinga tostada. Everything was super delicious. If I had to choose a favorite it would probably be the tostadas but brussels sprouts a close 2nd. One of the girls in our party can't have dairy. Our waiter was very accommodating and helped ensure our food came out as requested.Service was friendly and my only complaint is that they kept trying to take our food away when we were planning to finish it all :)
GOOD EATS AND DRINKS(5 stars)Instead of working out, working late, or going to bed... There is always time for good eats and drinks.The mixologists are on point with those cocktails. Do not pass up the menu. They fine tune the cocktails to make them very enjoyable. The food is tapa style so expect small plates but enough to share (if willing). SANGRIA - yum! Wasn't the thick deep red wine and fruit you typically see. It was clear, similar to kool-aid punch. Light in flavor, not bold, however the buzz hits very well.LA DAMA - yum! Prettiest drink ever. I'd get this a lot "that would be a drink you order". Pink, "fufu", sweet and creamy, and a flower on top. YES!! I am all about beverages with flowers. It is VERY much me.CHIPS AND SALSA - nice crunchy chips and not oily. They provide two kinds of dipping sauce... Red and orange-red. Spicy, just a little but nothing overwhelming.CRAB COQUETA - four pieces. Dungeness crabs. Great flavor and texture. After two pieces I was getting full, the filling is very filling. Recommended.TUNA TACON - two tacos. OHMY! this was SO good it made my eyes roll in the back of my head. Please, slap me back to reality. Well executed piece of tuna on a tortilla drenched with amazingness. The orange sauce was the perfect pairing for the tuna and the soft tortilla. The tuna was not fishy and you can tell it was fresh. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Will I be back? You don't have to ask me twice.JABA APPROVED. Until the next review...
YUMMMM. I feel like you can't go wrong with anything on this menu and everything is so reasonably priced. My 3 friends and I ate here, split 8 tapas, spent about 30$ per person, and were comfortably full. Highlights were definitely the tacos. They made my mouth so happy! I would definitely recommend this place to other people.My only blegh was the decorations were a little too eclectic to the point where they clashed. One of their booths is decorated with XXXL men's suit jackets and I kept thinking the women sitting in the booth had these wrapped around their shoulders. Their food though makes up for any beef I could ever have with the restaurant.
Very friendly staff and fabulous ambiance. The blended salsas were delicious but really watered down, not sure what you can do to fix that? First, we had the grilled artichokes, which were cold but ok. The corn appetizer would have been better if the corn had some flavor, perhaps they should use frozen corn on off season?Dinner was fabulous! Carnitas platter was everything I'd hoped it would be. The homemade corn tortillas were to die for and the meat was really flavorful. My daughter had the avocado tacos which were amazing as well.I had vanilla ice cream with cinnamon for dessert...really good. When I come again, I would definitely have a cocktail and a salad (great menu choices), and maybe the taco tropical, a house speciality...but I will come back again.
There is literally nothing I can say about Lolo that hasn't been said already. The food is ridiculously good, the service is great and the dcor will keep you busy and the conversations alive. Ceramic dogs on the walls, a Chinese ceramic cat with a mullet and a mustache, cocks (ahem! Roosters :p) and hens as wallpapers, old black coats as seating dcor - there are conversation starters and then there are conversations starters :p We were a party of 4 and got the cozy little nook by the window, our Server and the Hostess were both very gracious. Among the four of us we ordered: fried Brussel sprouts, meatballs, crab croquettes, tuna tartare (special of the day) and the blue corn calamari sopes. All the dishes were great, but the calamari sopes deserve a special mention. These were very easily one of the best sopes I have had. The entire dish is black due to the squid ink obviously. The calamari is so perfectly cooked and works well with the blue corn, the crema and the squid ink. If you are not intimidated by the squid ink, I would definitely get the sopes. Another one of my favorites was the fried Brussel sprouts, they were crispy, perfectly salted and the zinfandel reduction provides some acidity to the dish. They also have a very interesting drink menu. I will be taking my bottom to Lolo the next time I want some quirky charm and sopes in my life.
Amazing ceviche, amazing cocktails, great service, cool music and nicel crowd.I will definitely be back again.
The decor here is quirky and interesting - there's a lot to take in. We sat at the seats against the wall of men's sport coats. The other wall - figurines of dogs inside shadow boxes, boots, and flowers. We started off with the panko avocado tacos which were indeed delicious with the deep fried avocados, caramelized onions and Oaxaca cheese wrapped in a soft tortilla. I can probably go for this as a satisfying little snack at any given time. They provide complimentary chips and dip so I was glad I didn't get the guacamole with chips. I already opted for the chilaquiles with eggs which was a bit spicy. Although not a bad dish I regretted not opting for something else on their menu. If you're craving for something that's more of a traditional breakfast item they also offer a croissant French toast and Mexican Eggs Benedict on their menu. I might need to drop by for dinner one of these days.
I love the food and drinks. The Panko crusted shrimp tacos with the jicama tortilla is so refreshing and delicious. My friend is vegetarian so I had the shrimp replaced with Panko crusted avocado- just as delicious! The service could use some improvement. The waitress was a little inattentive and slow.
Tropical Taco with mango, friend shrimp and daikon wrap is amazing! The amount was not much but it was perfect if not too hungry or paired with appetizers.We also had the delicious guac which was quite a decent amount.Drinks are too expensive though, $4 for a narrow glass of tea or soda filled with ice. (Especially the soda comes with the can)
good spot! Enjoyed the tuna tacon and salad. Dcor is funky, which I liked. It's just a little loud - hard to have a conversation.
Lolo is a beautiful restaurant with a delicious brunch menu. We made reservations for a Saturday brunch and got seated right away in one of the booths up front. I love the oosh and fun ambience -- high ceilings and the colorful walls and booths of the restaurant. Service was excellence -- very attentive and professional. A bit pricey and the plates are relatively smaller in portions since its tapas style. The food came out super fast. It's a great choice of a girls night out or date spot. Out group of four feasted on: -- Chips and salsa: complimentary on the house. The salsa was spicy and delicious. Chip was crunchy and fresh. I love free stuff! -- Croissant French Toast: this would have been a great sweet dish in a different meal, but it didn't fit well with the other dishes we ordered which were more spicy and sour. The texture was kind of like a doughy pancake. Pretty good, but didn't stand out compared to other dishes.-- Avocado Tacos: the BEST dish of all that we ordered. The avocado was warm and creamy, and balanced the crunchy crust perfectly.-- Kale Salad: loved all the fresh ingredients in this Kale salad - the apple shreds, the candied walnuts, the goat cheese, and more. The vingrette was a bit too sour for my liking but overall tasted very clean and healthy. -- Tuna Tacon: order this by popular demand but it didn't live up to the hype. Still a very good dish though. The tuna was a bit tough but the flavors wet super on point. -- Lamb Slider: another order by popular demand that did not live up to the hype. I liked the textures of the lamb with the mushroom cream sauce but the flavors were a bit lacking. -- Corn On a Cobb: not a fan of this dish. I thought the creaminess of the cheese was overwhelming and the flavors didn't mix very well.
We went here because we couldn't get a reservation at Foreign Cinema, but wow! we found a gem! It was Saturday lunch time- so the menu consisted of brunch and lunch items. Four of us got shrimp taco, two benedicts (forgot which one) and avocado samdwich thing.. All of them were great! Only downside is that the portion is not big. For me, it was just enough- but might not be the case for all.But the best was their BLOODY MARY! I usually don't like any bloody mary, but this one was really good.I would recommend to anyone!
Did someone say Mexican with an imagination! Creative flavours and delicious cocktails guarantee a good time. We were 8 of us so reservation was a nightmare but once we were seated the party got started with well done Brussels sprouts, fish tacos and flautas. I loved their ceviche and diabla shrimp. Recommendation for drinks? Just get one!
I thoroughly enjoyed Lol. I'd been trying to go for a while, always walking past it in the Mission and wanting to stop in. Finally, the stars aligned and I was able to snag a seat at the bar. I tried the tuna tacos, the lamb sliders, and the carne asada tacos. The lamb sliders blew me away. The flavor was incredible, the tenderness amazing, and the mushroom creme sauce just hit it home. The waitress was attentive but never rushed me and let me finish my wine in peace, even though the line at the door was growing. Definitely coming back and bringing friends.The good: omg the flavor, the food, the madness. The bad: tight squeeze on space. Just get to know your neighbor and say hello.
This place is so much fun! I came here last night, around 6:30pm, so just before the dinner rush. I got seated quickly, and service was speedy. The Decor is a bright exciting Mexican atmosphere with bike handlebar chandeliers and vaquero style booths. About three minutes after being seated the server came and took our drink orders. When he came with my drink, he took my order. I decided on fried avocado tacos, which were amazing!!!! The food came out really fast regardless of the dinner rush. The plate comes with two small tacos, pickled onions and mini orange bell peppers. Everything paired so well together. This is defiantly a place I will take my fussy and particular mom. Being that I wanted to try something new in the mission, Lolo definitely satisfied my needs. I will absolutely bring friends here and come again.
Truly a diamond in the rough kind of place. The decor was warm and fun and food and service were great!I came with a friend who has a gluten allergy, but that was not a problem here. Lolo offers a great selection of tapas that are gluten free.For the two of us, we ordered 4 items and were stuffed! The brussel sprouts were nicely roasted, the hazelnuts offered a nice earthy tone and texture to the dish. My favorite was probably the octopus. It was perfectly cooked and the arugula and potato puree offered a nice bitter and sweet note to the dish. Definitely a place I'd come back to. Only problem was that I was too full to order desserts...
This place really is as good as it gets folks. My fella and I have been a few times and are always so, so pleased. My favorite starter is the brussels sprouts - perfectly flavored and even more wonderful when you drizzle them with the salsa verde you get with chips, favorite entree is the avocado panco tacos - OMG. I would die for this taco. Really, I would. My fella is GF and as an added perf they have a ton of GF options. He got the tostada and was also very pleased!We are loyal Lolo customers!! Also I had a jasmine infused gin and tonic that I wish had a tad more jasmine flavor but was otherwise stupendous.
Overall: Food is great, but the portions are tiny. Definitely tapas sized plates, with dinner sized pricing. One person could easily have 3 "dinners" by themselves. We got the: - Guacomole: good and chunky, but very citrus-y.- EMPANADAS: soooo good. every bite just had a great balance of flavour, and there's nothing ordinary about it. - PANKO AVOCADO TACO: delicious!!! I could eat these all day long. - CEVICHE and TACO TROPICAL: my friends loved it, but since it's not veg, I didn't taste itI'd go back, but not on a day I'm super hungry :)
Best tacos I've ever had! The fish tacos were amazing. The service was great and awesome service. Definitely will be back next time I'm in the city.
Fantastic fun place. Two of us had 1 drink each, 3 sides and 2 entrees for 72 dollars. The decor is eclectic and fun. The food is tasty and comes out quickly. The service - efficient and helpful.  Definitely try the corn on the cob. Cut into 3 pieces covered in cheese and cream. Definitely not slimming but so so good. Atmosphere is definitely energetic. A great place to start a night out on the town.
Met my girlfriend here for a 9PM dinner res. Place was packed and a line out the door for tables, so I would highly recommend making a reservation if you're going on Fri/Sat.We were seated immediately and loved the puppy decor! The interior of these restaurant is very cute and well decorated. We even loved the menus.We asked for recommendations from our waitress since it was our first time here. For two people she recommended ordering 4 dishes and that was a perfect amount.For drinks, we both started with tequila cocktails. I'm a big fan of mezcal and ordered a Lorenita and my girlfriend ordered a spicy margarita. I loved my drink and she really enjoyed her's as well.They brought chips and salsa to the table and that salsa verde was so delicious. It's making my mouth water just thinking about it! We ordered the brussel sprouts, the ceviche, salmon fish tacos (special of the day) and an heirloom tomato salad with kalamata olive tapenade. Our favorite dish was the brussel sprouts and second favorite were the tomatoes. All in all, we had a great experience and the service and food were spot on.
Tapas!Great food, great service, perfect ambiance. The place is well lit with nice decor but the food was even better. I'd definitely will return to try out the other items in the menu.
A little hipster, but still very fun. The cocktails and food were great. I hope to go back soon! The menu was basically Mexican with some unexpected items + octopus!
I hate to advertise how great this restaurant is, as I fear it will be harder and harder to make a reservation. 4 of us ordered 16 items from the menu of 23. We wanted to order the other 7 but we don't have stomachs large enough. Every dish was very good-to-outstanding. The octopus and shrimp diabla were out of this world. Service is very good and friendly. Drinks were great as well. Absolutely loved our meal and will back again and again.
Walking into Lolo's you're immediately greeted by a host. A fun sized, adorable Latin American woman with a thick but very satisfying accent. We were told that we were supposed to wait an hour because there were a lot of people ahead of us. The weird part is, that I was okay with the wait because she was telling me, (LOL).We killed an hour and got drunk at the bar across the block, but saved our appetite for some tasty food. We ordered the beef tacos, flautas, tropical tacos, chips, guac and drinks. The food was delicious, but the vibe and energy throughout the restaurant was so much fun that It was a party on its own. Spanish music blasting in the back and nothing but smiling faces throughout the restaurant. Leaving the restaurant disappointed me because I live in Los Angeles, If they had one here, I'd be there every other day. Cheers to you Lolo!
Vibrant atmosphere, delicious food, and tasty cocktails. I think my favorites were the lamb sliders, meat is cooked perfectly and the sauce makes the even better. The tuna and shrimp tacos are also good. I had the fresh prince cocktail, loved it
Delicious food and funky trendy environment. But it's SO LOUD. Be ready to shout all night long if you want to be heard. The pork belly and tuna tacos are amazing. I prefer the smaller, less formal lolo cevecheria to the original lolo.
Long wait but the food was great and the margaritas were strong :) I particularly liked the avocado tacos! We had to pounce on some seats at the bar and that took a little time but we were able to finally sit down and had a fun time. The decor is very kitchy and fun. I'm not sure I would go out of my way to go here but it was very good.
Ahh, I love the atmosphere in here! It's so colorful and quirky. My first time here was for my birthday. Ceviche and sangria makes me a happy gal all year round. My second time back was to try that mezcal cocktail after discovering its amazingness-ness.CEVICHE ($12)Good, but needs more rockfish. It comes with three thinly-cut square chips. The complimentary chips goes very well with it and I always end up asking to refill it so I can finish my ceviche hahaTACO TACON ($10)The seared albacore tuna is absolutely delicious! ...on its own. The aioli and what tasted like teriyaki sauce overpowered the whole fish. I scrapped off the sauce from the albacore, had it on its own and WOW. It was jam-packed with the natural flavor of the tuna. Why the sauce, chef, why?SANGRIA ($11)Tastey tastey. Sangria is sangria and sangria is good. Unless it's Luna Park, then it's just water (obviously still not over it lol)LORENITA ($11)Basically, it's their margarita with mezcal replacing the tequila. Quite literally. Good drink but it tasted too sweet for me, especially since I like the smokiness of mezcal.It's a spot to keep in mind whenever I'm in the neighborhood and am just a litttleeee too lazy to walk up 10 blocks to all the other places haha
Love this place! we usually sit at the chef's counter which is fun as you get to see them prep the dishes.The food is consistently great and the prices affordable. Even the wine isn't that overpriced.We had the fish tacos, the shrimp and jicama (fabulous!), and the empanadas. It was all great. I was less impressed with the tuna tacos - not that they weren't good but the rest was super delicious. The decor is fun, almost a bit ludicrous, but makes for a vibrant atmosphere. Highly recommend.
Delicious food and cute decor! The pork belly and tropical taco are to die for. Made for the perfect birthday dinner.
Why is this restaurant so busy?! I made a reservation at Lol, hoping to experience a great date night, with highly-recommended tapas and cocktails. What we got instead, was:-a server who didn't greet us for ten minutes -tasteless appetizers (fried brussels sprouts soaking in oil, and stringy guacamole)-complimentary chards of tortilla chips with salsa served in a dish so shallow that you can't really scoop it out-great cocktails made by a bartender who literally shakes drinks with his pinkies turned out. Thanks for the cocktails, but we left after appetizers.Going to Tacolicious, after giving Lol an absolute fair shake was the best decision of the night. Tacolicious has the most attentive employees, as well as fantastic food and drink. Just walk over there, instead.
This place is fantastic. Their spicy margarita is the best I've ever had. The tuna tacos are also amazing. Serve is prompt and attentive. The decor is also so cute and vibrant. Looking forward to a second visit.
So the place is adorable, food was tasty, service was spotty but friendly, but my two biggest gripes were:1. I'm sober and asked for a mock-tail and my guest received a regular cocktail. Our server put  the regular cocktail in front of me, I guess she didn't want to squeeze between the tables and give him his, so I took a sip of the alcoholic one. NOT COOL!2. We both ordered entrees for brunch and also ordered a sweet entree to be shared and the shared entree came towards the end of our meal and not during our meal. When I asked where our french toast was she said it was "coming". Fast-forward 10 mins and we were done with our brunch and then the french toast came....felt like an after thought and our server never apologized or acknowledged the mess up.Anyway, I'll give them a second chance. I did enjoy the food, plating and the chefs were friendly and happy. However, the need to pay attention to detail in a place like this is imperative. Especially, because you see how much detail and love is put into the decor and food...the service should be equally as impressive.
Yum yum! I like this little tapas place. The decor is eccentric and interesting. Dog statues everywhere hah. Had the Lorenita--the mezcal had a nice smokey taste but the citrus made it sweet and smooth.Get the Tuna Tacon! Deliciously marinated tuna in a taco. Didn't think it'd be that flavorful and delicious but it was! I would definitely get that again. Crab croquetas are also very delicious and moist and the calamari sopes are also good. Some squid ink in there with the blue corn masa. It was goood but I still think the tuna tacon was my favorite of what we got. The carnitas was delicious but I was very full at that point. It was wrapped in banana leaves but I feel if it was cooked more in it, it would have a more infused flavor.Overall, fun place and tasty bites!
I've been here three times and been disappointed each time! I don't understand the 4 star rating. The food has consistently been greasy and uninspired, definitely not worth the price tag. The beef in the beef tacos are chewy, greasy Brussels sprouts, tasteless sliders. My date and I left more then half on our plates on my last visit. Will never be dragged here again! Too bad as its a cute place in a great location.
This place was great! If you're looking for a place for a date, or going out with a few friends you're at the right place. Got sangria, tuna tacon, beef tacos, mushroom empanadas, and arugula salad. Everything was delicious. I could not get over how good the arugula salad was, I don't think I've ever had such a simple salad that I could not stop eating.The place was really crowded for a Wednesday, but got seated (party of two) at the bar pretty much immediately. The bar table is actually pretty large so didn't have a problem fitting all four plates, chips and salsa and drinks.Definitely coming back :).
First, let me state that I want to already go back to eat here. That is rare for me to even think when writing a review. I sat at the bar and immediately loved the decor; from the dia del los muertos dolls on the wall to the random beach pictures that hide the bottles of liquor. A very hip restaurant. We ordered the lamb sliders that were bomb, tuna tacon which I could eat on repeat, empanadas, and the quesadillas which were just cheese to the vein. All of the bites were equally salty, savory and essentially hitting all of the preferred Spanish / Mexican flavor notes one could expect. Service was spot on and the plates came out at separately at random and consecutively after the next so there was minimal breaks between dishes we ordered. I even loved the spicy cilantro salsa they gave us upon sitting down with a bowl of tortillas. I want to try mucho mucho more of the menu.
OMG THOSE TACOS! I'M IN LOVEE! The soft taco tasted so fresh and the steak was sooo good. I'd come back just for the tacoss. SOO GOOD! MUST GET! Came here with a bunch of friends and we ordered a lot of different things, but the only memorable thing is the tacos. So just get the tacos, and you'll leave as a happy bunny!
Okay this place definitely reminded me of Tijuana!!! While the rest of the USA is scared to visit Mexico or Tijuana this place definitely had to be inspired by all of the cool, trendy restaurant that are popping up in Tijuana! Like La Corriente Nais! Anygey, the food was great the ceviche is definitely a must!!!! And since I don't like clamato the waiter made me a chelada!!!! Instead of their regular michelada, so I had a MiChelada (get it?). The decor is super NAIS, and the Saltado de carne was really good too! Honestly if I lived in San Francisco this place would be my Tijuana makes me jappi place!!! Salud y GrassyAss!
I don't know why I didn't leave a review for this place after my first visit. So damn good!This place has always and will always be packed! No matter when you go! But the wait is worth it. The staff has great energy and I think your mood gets better the minute you walk in the door. Cocktails are divine. You can stick with classic margaritas or they have really great cocktails. I had something with watermelon and basil in the ingredients (can't remember the name). The food is just as great! There's a sweet lady prepping homemade tortillas every time I come in, which subliminally makes me always get tacos. Steak tacos are everything! Same with the tuna tacos!As an Oakland resident, I don't frequent the city as much. This place is always definitely work the trek!. Thank you lolo!
5 star food:Tuna Tacon was so good I had to order another. 5 star drinks:Perfectly spiced Michelada and all of the mezcal drinks were well balanced and delicious.5 star support servers (water, clearing)Helpful and friendly to the toddlers at the table and never stopped smiling.1 star waitressNot sure what happened there. Broke up with her boyfriend? Hates life? Hates people/kids? Inattentive and annoyed at our requests and rolling her eyes while we ordered. Wow.
The food is good, the ambiance is really cute, it's just the service is non-existent. Literally had to ask for the waiter 5 times during the night. Just because of that alone, will probably not go back which is a shame because I really wanted to like it.
I really like this place. Killer Mescal selection and the food is really tasty. I especially love their guac. Even better that this place is open late. Service is meh, but it doesn't ruin the experience.
Made a reservation for 3 for Monday night, though I didn't to since there was plenty of space at 6pm. Ordered some drinks while we waited for the third person in our party. The waitress tried to push the guacamole on this but we decided to wait. After everyone got there we ordered: * guacamole - smooth texture, kinda boring, served with it's own chips * ceviche - good, served with it's own chips * mushroom empanadas - really good crust! * gorditas - really tender beef, yummy! * fish tacos - okay, nice relishI was really impressed by all the food except for the typical guacamole and the complimentary chips/salsa - salsa not spicy and kinda bland.Oh yeah, the plates are pretty small but filing. Each order has two servings. That's two small empanadas, two small tacos, etc.Really cute place, fun decor.Total $50 per person including a cocktail, shared bottle of wine, tax and tip.
Went here to celebrate my girlfriend's big promotion, because we fancy y'all :) We made it a point to enjoy the fuck out of this, and walked in there like we owned the place. We tried almost every cocktail on their menu - and their drinks are STIFF. You will get smashed drinking here, and it'll hit you like the Fist of Hercules because they are absolutely delicious. I highly recommend the "2 birds 1 Stone".We had a myriad of tapas including octopus, fish tacos, fresh-made guac and chips... all amazing. We were basically ordering and nibbling on stuff for hours. Eat what you feel like, you're going to have a great time. Definitely temper those bites with drinks though, else you'll be stumbling out of there like a few of the young couples we saw.
My mom was in town this past weekend and we have both been dying to try Lolo (last time she was here visiting, we couldn't get in). We were finally able to get a table on Friday night and oh man, it was worth the wait! Service was friendly and quick, but the star of the show was most definitely the food. We over-ordered a bit, but here is what we split between the 2 of us: asparagus and shisito peppers to start: both very goodbeef tacos: great flavor and lots of meatsalmon tacos: this was one of the specials of the night and my personal favorite thing of the meal. so yummy with bacon and a chipotle sauceshrimp a la diabla: although absolutely delicious, we were just too full to finishI can't wait to bring my girlfriends to try this place, as I'm sure they will love it as much as I did :)
love the energy and the food! It's a wait, even with a reservation, but, the creative cocktails and unique Mexican tapas are worth the wait. The panko crusted avocado was awesome, and everything else we sampled was equally tasty. It's definitely not traditional Mexican, but, that's what makes this place awesome.
I've been excited to try Lolo for so long! I finally convinced my friends to come with me last night and was fairly disappointed. We placed our drink orders and perhaps 10 minutes after that placed our food orders. We waited... and waited... and waited... finally, our FOOD came out first. Shortly after, our drinks came. Very annoying. They did not seem all that busy so I have no idea why our drinks took so long. They're really doing themselves a disservice, because we probably would have all ordered two drinks throughout the meal had they come in a timely manner. Food and drinks were pretty on point. I had the pisco cocktail and they knocked it out of the park. My ceviche was also super tasty. However, when we asked for the bill.... more waiting. The entire dinner took way longer than it should have. We had plans to go out after but we ended up going home instead because we were totally over it. Nice try Lolo, but I probably won't be back.
I was looking forward to trying this place out but I was overall disappointed. My gf & I were only able to share a few things since we're not big eaters. We ordered the guacamole, carnitas, and the taco tropical. The carnitas were the best. We wish our waiter had told us the carnitas came with guacamole because we may not have ordered it as a side. We had reservations and was seated upon our arrival. Service was on the slow side. Overall it was ok, was hoping for great.
The appetizers, chips and salsa and tacos were just to die for.  We tried many different types. Amazing food.  Really enjoyed eating there and the atmosphere was great. Very vibrant place.
I have never had a bad dish here. Everything is prepared deliciously. I would highly recommend the tacos in whatever variety they're serving. Their menu for both food and cocktails rotates, which is kind of sad, as you're not guaranteed to come back and have the same delicious dish you had last time. Like I said, though, it's all very good.The artisan cocktails are very, very tasty and often have cute little garnishes. The service is great. It can get packed later at night and on weekends, and they don't accept reservations for parties with more than five people. One of my favorite restaurants in the city, though.
Brilliant, "new," and unusual take on Mexican food! Ingredients and combinations of flavors & textures really work beautifully together. Excellent mixed drinks. Very highly recommended.
**FOUR AND A HALF STARS**I came here for brunch on a Sunday morning. We were sat at the bar. Service was quite awesome.My date and I had ordered a-many items on this menu that we were totally stuffed. This included the following:1) GUACAMOLE: I mean, you can never do no wrong with chips and guac.2) FRIED BRUSSEL SPROUTS: Good, but not a definite winner3) PANKO AVOCADO TACO: Although I love avocado, panko deep fried avocados were a little too strange for me.4) CHICKEN CONFIT 'TINGA' TOSTADA: Delicious -- would definitely recommend this.5) CARNITAS: We were SO full by the end of the meal, and we totally forgot that we had carnitas as well. I'm sure this would've been amazing if we weren't so full.
I've been here 5 times and used to eat at their restaurant when it was on 22nd Street. Their food, drinks, and ambiance remain stellar. It's a bit too loud, but after your first drink it's not so annoying. The staff, however, are a bit lack luster. I ate there tonight with 3 other friends and we all felt the same. It took at least 10 minutes to get our first round of drinks and no one came around to take our food order for at least another 10 minutes, and we had to flag someone down at that point. The music was so loud the the server misheard one of the drink orders, so one friend had to wait at least 20 minutes for her first drink. Not cool.
Searching for a last minute brunch spot in The Mission is no easy feat! I came across Lolo and thought tapas with cocktails seemed like a perfect alternative to your typical mimosa brunch. It was a wonderful choice--got to sample so many tasty dishes without committing to one thing!Reservations were easily made via Opentable. Seriously restaurants, please utilize this feature! It's so much more convenient than calling and I can forward reservation info to my friends if they get to the restaurant before me. I loved the bright, quirky decor in here. There's an entire wall decorated with origami hats and chandeliers made out of bike handlebars! Talk about eclectic. This is definitely a more intimate restaurant. I was able to grab a spot for my party of 3 on a Saturday morning and avoided the busier lunch rush. My favorites:+ Brussels sprouts...in love with the tangy zinfandel vinaigrette with toasty hazelnuts+ Empanadas...fresh mushrooms enveloped in a cheesy goodness+ Taco tropical...great spicy aioli sauce and I was amused by the innovative use of daikon wrapper+ Crab croquetas...consistency was almost like fried potato puffs and they paired well with the aioli sauce. Just wish there was more crab meat!Get your drink on:+ Mezcal cocktails..a different twist on the margarita using organic Mezcal+ Agua fresca...like a refreshing tropical vacation in your mouthTips:- Make a reservation, it does get busier around noon- Service slowed down during the lunch rush, so it's helpful to give a gentle reminder to the waitress about what dishes you're waiting onI braved the rain and wind for a few blocks and wouldn't hesitate to do it again, especially for those empanadas!
Great tasty food (tapas-style) and good cocktail. Good service. Decor is fun. And price is fair.Perfect for a fun dinner with friends before going out.Lolo used to be located in a small street between Valencia and Mission, it was less fancy but as tasty. Management did a good job turning the place into a bigger, fancier one while maintaining the quality of the food at the same level.The only negative point is that the menu is always the same. So once you have tried all the items on the list, experience is less fun.
So happy I finally got to try this place on my bookmark list since it's been there for a while. We were very fortunate that even though I arrived late and couldn't find parking for a while that we were seated almost immediately on a Saturday night during prime dinner hour! The inside is dark, dim, I guess kind of romantic but more loud. It's definitely a great place for a group gathering if you have advance reservations and also a fun place to get drinks since their bottled wine is SO CHEAP for a restaurant setting!We definitely got the recommended list of things, such as the taco tropical (amazing), the lamb sliders (yum) and ceviche. I was a particular fan of their taco tropical because of the taste, texture and just the tortilla. It was very well done and delicious all around.The wait staff was nice although the hostess left some things to be desired from her attitude ... but the owner / manager was amazing! Highly recommended and great food!
Lolo's moved to an expanded location a few months ago, just a block away from it's original spot. Their new location is super cute and often crowded. I had visited Lolos prior to the move and recall it being overrated, I admit this was my second choice since beretta had a 2+ hour wait. I returned tonight and was pleasantly surprised by the food, especially because many reviewers noted the quality having gotten worse since the move. I was especially impressed by their popular tacos tropical which were flavorful and fresh at the same time! And the best part was that the dishes were reasonably priced. * TACOS TROPICAL ($9) - 5 STARS:Panko and spice-dusted shrimp, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioli. The aioli was creamy and flavorful in all the right ways. The jicama was a tortilla replacement that added crunch and freshness to the taco. What a surprising but delicious taco - I could eat this every day. WONTON RAVIOLI WITH HUITLACOCHE AND REQUESON ($13) - 1.5 STARS: Huitlacoche and requeson stuffed wonton ravioli with basil and arugula sauce and pine nuts. The arugula sauce was way too bitter for me and the filling didn't match the ratio to the wonton ravioli. GRILLED GRASS-FED ANGUS BEEF TACOS ($12) - 3 STARS:Grilled kobe beef tacos, hand-made flour tortillas, avocado, habanero infused radishes. This tasted mostly like a regular taco that you could get at any of the mission taquerias except the flour tortillas were noticeably fresh and delicious when topped with the complimentary salsas. TUNA TACON ($10) - 3.5 STARS:Seared albacore tuna, shellfish aioli, avocado, roasted tomatillo sauce on the side. This was my second favorite dish of the night, which tasted similar to the taco tropical, except it was filled with a block of tuna instead of shrimp and on a flour tortilla. Affordable wine, complimentary chips and salsa, a variety of solid tapas, Lolos is better than I remember! I can't wait to come back for their popular croquettes, lamb sliders, desserts, and artisan cocktails!
This would be a five star review if the service was better. We came in on a Friday night and business was bustling. We ate at the bar and the bartenders were busy making drinks so we didn't get the best service. The bartender gave us a round of shots to save face after dinner. All the food here is good and the drink menu is very unique. Almost every drink has a signature glass or cup. Fish tacos. Tropical tacos. Avocado tacos. Order all of em.
Amazing atmosphere on a Wednesday!Arrived at 6.30 with two friends, and the hostess told us it would be about a 45 minute wait. Took our names, and we went for a drink around the corner. Arrived back and was seated immediately at the Kitchen Bar. We had margaritas (so yum!) the guac with cotija cheese (so good!), the beef tacos (really good steak!) and the quesadillas.All of the staff were lovely and pleasant, and the place had a fantastic vibe! Will for sure be back!
Can't understand what the craze is about. so so food, so-so service, so-so ambiance.
Great brunch! Grapefruit mimosa a must. Carnitas is lovely. (Croissant) French toast will put you in a happy coma. Book a reservation to avoid a wait.
Loved the vibe and food. Everything we had was beyond delicious. The shrimp taco on jicama....words just can't describe how amazing this is....I saw this place featured on good network and now I know why!
We discovered this gem on a quick weekend trip to SF. Their food was amazing! We were there for brunch and just loved the Taco Tropical and the Panko Avocado Tacos. So many other choices we just have the appetite to try. This will definitely be a place we'll come back to when we visit.An added plus for me - after a day of wine tasting the previous day, we ended up with a bottle of wine that we couldn't fit into our suitcase. They allowed us to drink it there for a reasonable corkage charge. Although I loved the wine we brought, I would have loved to have tried some of their drinks. Well, there's always next time!
I loved Lolo when it was small and quirky in its original location. It doesn't appeal to me as much now that they are located in a giant space on Valencia Street. The good quality seems to have suffered with the move to the larger space. I am happy they seem to be doing so well but I won't be back any time soon.
Been here several times with my husband, sans kiddo. The atmosphere is lively and fun. The cocktails are colorful, creative, and addictive! The food is simply phenomenal. We've never been able to get a table, but the bar is such a fun spot. Can't wait to go back!
One of my most favorite places to go to in San Francisco's mission district. I think everything they do is amazing from their cocktails to their ceviches to their tacos. I especially love their tuna tacon, which is superb as is their taco tropical which is served on a tortilla made from jicama and is a really fresh and interesting take on tacos. I love all if their cocktails specially the la sendita. It's made with fresh watermelon and tequila. Service is always prompt and especially when we sit up at the bar and get recommendations from their bartenders. We will continue to return.
Huge disappointment. The tacos were bland and the tortillas were stale. How is this place surviving? If you want tacos with atmosphere go to Tacolicious.
The decor of this place is awesome! It instantly took me back to Jalisco, Mexico. Service couldn't be better! and onto the food...My son had the Tuna Tacon: He said it was really good. I'm not a tuna person so I didn't want to taste....We shared the Gorditas. The gordita part reminded me of the ones my mom makes. I was not a fan of the bbq beef on top, it was a bit dry for me.We shared a steak special that they had going on that day, it was pretty good.I had their Taco Tropical: They were divine! I would come back a million times just for that plate alone. What is really cool about it too is that instead of tortillas they use very thinly sliced jicama, which is a healthier version, but you don't even miss the tortillas.I can't remember the name of the drink I had but it was like sandia something...watermelon with mezcal, a recommendation from our server and I would get something else next time.Their portions are small, and meant to share, kind of like tapas. So, I really liked that we could try lots of different food and you weren't overly stuffed.I would def come back again!
Given how far in advance we had to make a reservation for Lolo, we had great expectations but sometimes it is best to keep expectations low. Decor themes intentionally clashed but contributed to a different ambiance from every side of the table. Quirky. The meal was similar with clashing, loud flavors that didn't compliment the food as much as it did the walls. We ordered the romaine salad first. It was drowning in an overly sweet dressing so the pepitas, avocado, and jicama that drew us to the item where overpowered. The tropical tacos were similar with a sweet sauce overwhelming the friend shrimp. The grilled octopus was very good - grilled well on the outside and still moist, not chewy inside. The tiramisu was the best of all and so unique! I really liked the cocktails too.Overall, I'm glad we went but given how hard it is to get a reservation, I probably won't go back.
This spot was calling our name when we walked by and it was a true highlight to stop in and try it out on our trip in SF. The vibe of the restauant is contagious and we were instantly drawn to the buzz inside. Ordering many different dishes and sharing with your table is the only way to go because every single option is uniquely favorful and needs to be sampled. The authenticity if the food and the personality of the wait staff made this dinner unbeatable in the city. I cannot wait to bring friends and family back to this spot because it is essential to a great trip in San Francisco!
Nice place, great food, great drinks. Michelada was delicious. Taco tropical was awesome.
Reserved a table on yelp the day before for two on Saturday night before going to SF Symphony.We had the Tinga Tostadas, the Fried Brussel Sprouts, the Carnitas Tacos, and the Coconut milk bean soup. Each item was innovative and delicious and I thoroughly enjoyed each item. Despite it being our servers first day, he was very friendly and very helpful. Despite our reservation, we were seated at a table for two very closely between two tables when the restaurant had several open tables I thought they could have seated us at. Ambiance is lively. If you're looking for a very quiet atmosphere, this would not be the place to go. I could hold a normal conversation. I would recommend Lolo to anyone!
This place is good, really really tasty food. A little pricy, but it's all good!
Amazing place. Great drinks and decent crowd. I had the octopus which was tender and charred pretty good. Also had beef gorditas and they're pretty amazing.
Lolo encompasses everything that I love about dining out; it is unique with its quirky decorations and the food was absolutely delicious. Unfortunately, I'm knocking off a star (I wish I could give half stars) because I had a bout of food poisoning shortly after eating here. My sister and I decided to go here for our traditional birthday celebration by dining out with just us two and made reservations on their Yelp page at 6:30.We arrived a little earlier at 6:15 but were seated right away. We started with drinks, ordering the sangria (very good, not too strong but sweet) and another drink (I unfortunately forgot the name) with watermelon juice, mezcal, and a couple other things. Definitely need to come back to try all of their cocktails because my sister and I wanted to try ALL OF THEM-- they just sounded too tasty and we had a hard time choosing which one we wanted.Okay...onto the food. We ordered:-guacamole: guacamole was good, especially with the cotija cheese. I'm not sure I would get it again though since we were already given chips and salsa to start with.-fried brussel sprouts: one of my favorite dishes of the night. The sprouts were crispy, not too oily and went extremely well with the onion and hazelnuts. I'm making sure I order this every time in the future.-tuna tacon: very good tacos; albeit small, they pack a lot of flavor and I loved that they toasted the tortilla slightly so it gave the taco a bit of a crunchier texture.-taco tropical: sooo light and airy, I love the daikon concept for the "tortilla" of this taco. The result was a very light taco, and the breading on the shrimp was so light and crisp! I loved this taco.-huitlacoche: one of my other favorite dishes of the night. The sauce was really creamy and yummy, I wish I had more bread to dip it in! Pine nuts were a very nice touch.Service was fine, though it took them a while to notice that we had finished our dinner and were trying to get their attention for some to-go boxes. About my food poisoning...my sister and I took BART to get here and by the time we were about to board at 16th St., I started feeling very dizzy. Found seats (thank goodness) and that's when I felt profuse nauseousness and dizziness come on. Then come the clammy hands, extreme heat and an unbearable amount of sweating dripping down my face and neck. Vision became blurred and very bright, flashes every time I blinked O__o The whole time I was just hoping that I wouldn't shit/pee myself, vomit, or pass out because then I would be "that girl who ___ on BART" and my sister probably couldn't carry me.I love Lolo and their food but I admit that I am very hesitant at this point to go back. I do not want the experience I had last night to happen again. Right now, I'm just happy that I didn't shit or vomit on BART.
My last review was for night time bar tapas. This review is for their brunch menu.First off, the service was fantastic. We tried their sangria which was sweet and they only fill half the glass as shown in the pics I uploaded. It's pretty good but I wish they would serve you a full glass for the price. We then started with the brussel sprouts. good choice for veggies. They were delicious! Then came the tuna tacon which comes in two....also yummy! The shrimp ceviche came wiht chips that complimented the ceviche really well. Their crab croquetas are awesome but very filling. The serving came in four huge pieces :D I also tried their Padrillos 2012 malbec from Argentina. Really tasty! I love this place. I would keep going back :D
On Saturday, 10/4/14, my girlfriend and I ate at Lolo for brunch. I heard a lot of good things about Lolo so we made the trip out to SF.Atmosphere/Decor:Lolo is a cool looking restaurant. It is intentionally tacky yet artistically hip and comforting. The restaurant is a good size. Lolo has a nice sized bar. I like the odd decor spread throughout the restaurant. We sat in a section that had men's blazers stitched to the back of the booth. There was a section on the wall that had small dog statues, paper boats, car doors, and the light fixtures had bicycle handlebars attached to them. You'll also see a ton of soccer balls hung up on the walls inside of the bathroom along with cleats hanging from a string. Food: We started out with the GUACAMOLE (with cotija cheese and fresh tortilla chips) along with fresh salsa. The GUACAMOLE was good. It was different compared to your typical guacamole served in a Mexican Restaurant. It had a unique taste. I also liked the salsa they put on top of the GUACAMOLE. The tortilla chips were one of the best I've ever tasted! They tasted fresh and were very warm. The red mild salsa was my favorite! It tasted really good. Next up was the CHICKEN CONFIT 'TINGA' TOSTADAS (bacon, chipotle peppers, roasted tomatoes) and the GRILLED GRASS FED ANGUS (Beef tacos, onions hand-made flour tortillas, avocado, habanero sauce.) The CHICKEN CONFIT 'TINGA' TOSTADAS were packed with flavor! The tostada had the perfect crisp texture. The chicken had a lot of flavor and tasted good. The bacon, chipotle peppers and the roasted tomatoes added a little kick to the tostadas but in a good way. The GRILLED GRASS FED ANGUS tacos were good. The steak was cooked perfectly and the tortillas tasted really fresh. I liked the flavor of the tacos. It was a simple taco but they tasted delicious! We ended with the CARNITAS (with organic corn tortillas, roasted tomatillo sauce, guacamole, pickled onions.) The CARNITAS were one of the best I've ever tasted! They weren't greasy at all. They were cooked perfectly! The flavor of the pork was great and the texture was spot on. I liked the presentation of the CARNITAS. The tortillas were served on top inside of a tortilla warmer that looked like what an Asian restaurant would serve dumplings in. The CARNITAS were underneath wrapped inside banana leafs. The tortillas served with the CARNITAS were the best tortillas I've ever eaten in my life! They were absolutely delicious! The tortillas tasted like a mixture of corn and flour. They were sensational! Service:Our waiter Sebastian was very nice and personable. He made sure our waters were always topped off and asked us if the food was to our liking. He had a positive attitude and was very sociable. Overall:My girlfriend and I loved Lolo! The food was fantastic and the service was really good! This is definitely one of the better Latin infused restaurants we've been to. Hurry up and go give Lolo a try!
Super cute and fun ambiance. The staff is nice and knowledgable for selection recommendations. Hands down must haves: Empanadas, Taco Tropical and Fried Ice Cream (THE BEST)
One night decided to get together with some old coworkers and someone said they wanted TAPAS. I yelped and that's when I found Lol and fell in love (seriously because one time I was drunk and mentioned this place to my sister four times). The service is attentive without being annoying, the food is superb, and the drinks are strong. The party ahead of us got a little swasty and left some belongings at the table. One of the bus boys was nice enough to chase after them not once, but TWICE. I mean most places would just hold onto it and wait for you to come back to get it, so I give them a 5 star rating! It's a good place to come in a group to share and try a little of everything since it's a tapas place, but also cozy enough (and dimly lit) for a date night. Come here if you haven't and come back if you have! :)Just FYI, it's in the mission, so parking is a beezy, but still you must come try!
4 1/2 starsInteresting and unique flavor and textural combinations. The highlights were Pork Belly tacos: Tuns tacos; and Shrimp Diablo !!!!!! Nice space and clientele
This place is amazing!! I came here for brunch the other Sunday, and I liked it so much I came back on Monday. The bartenders are amazing! Cecilio is the man! Jaime is also so great! The cocktails were fantastic. I would recommend the Sangria, the Diablito, and the one with gin (i can't remember the name). I would also highly recommend the brussel sprouts, the pepper dish, and the avocado tacos. I will most definitely be coming back!
Such an awesome and fun place! Decor and atmosphere is super bright and fun and is a cool place to hang out. Service is excellent, as well as the food. We had:Drinks - El Venado. Fruity, aromatic and really tasty. A little pricey, but delicious. Food - Guacamole was good, especially with some of their complementary salsa to give it a little kick. Brussel sprouts were a little on the oily side, but were really tasty. Ceviche could have had more shrimp (there were only 2 pieces) but was very good. Taco tropical was our favorite dish of the night. Wasn't what we were expecting in the best way possible. We highly recommend this dish.We ordered the chocolate tamal for dessert and thought it was delicious and unique.
Really good tapas place! I highly recommend it. It is great for dates or large groups. The drinks are super unique.The ambiance is great and the decorations try to depict an old fashioned/unique art.I would suggest getting the guacamole with queso fresco, the crab croquetas, lamb sliders, and of course you can't go wrong with the taco tropical.
Made a reservation for a birthday dinner through Yelp! Since our flight was delayed I called 2 hours ahead of the reservation time to see if we could do slight accommodations to a later time. I probably called 10 times and nobody ever picked up the phone or called back after leaving a voicemail. Went to another restaurant instead and spent over $400 in dinner for 4. Could've made you $439.20 richer Lolo but you ignored me. Hire a better host.
Came here on a Monday night- was surprised by the number of people who were here! In a sketchy-ish part of the mission- did not feel very comfortable walking here from the bus station at around 6pm. Very eclectic decor, makes for a fun atmosphere- would recommend this place for dates rather than larger group gatherings.Overall, all tapas we ordered pretty good. Very nice waiters/ waitresses, bartenders, etc. However, my pet peeve about tapas places is always the fact that the food is expensive and the servings are small! We ended up paying around $80 for 6 tapas plates + 3 agua frecas. Tapas, in order of preference:(+) taco tropical.served on daikon like vegetable instead of a traditional tortilla(+) mezcal bbq gorditasblue corn masa pockets are very well done and perfectly thick; fits the amount of toppings well.(+) fried brussel sprouts.your hated vegetable as a child turned delicacy. (+) tuna tacon.good, but nothing special- think "tuna tower" from osha thai(+) pistachio crusted salmon.most anticipated (and expensive) plate we ordered, but disappointedly the least distinctive! (+) croquetas.very heavy, not what was expected. 1/2 is all you need if you must try.try also the pineapple agua fresca as mentioned above.
Yezzzzz Linda! Yezzzzzz! Eat here if you want very generic food that could be Mexican fusion but has both modern and authentic flavors wrong.Plus side! Other reviews said that the drinks were good, I agree. I can safely say that they have a traditional feel but are more refreshing. Stay away from any of the drinks that seem a little spicy because they are but if you like something more refreshing, take your pick. Negatives!When I read the websites description of what the owners vision was for the way the food should taste, I was really excited! I love tradition Latino food and i get turned on (Wink Wink) when most of the food is Mexican. Then I read that it was Latino food with a twist, I was even more excited! I love trying new flavors and new versions of the traditional food I love, after all, I am a fatty! and fatty's love food! Here is where they went WRONG. They chose food that were very ethnic but cooked in the way that only a micro pocket of Latin America would cook it. There is nothing wrong with that except that it lacked flavor and they used non traditional ingredients. For being overpriced, why not use better ingredients? I really don't mind paying more, but don't insult me by saying that the food is high quality. They chose the cheapest traditional food they could think of and charged the highest price they could get away with. Please try more traditional restaurants, eat here, and judge for yourself.  !!! In conclusion !!!. There is more than10 restaurants around the corner that are amazing! YES, they are a little more mom and pop, might not have alcohol, but I promise you that you will enjoy the food, like the feel of the restaurant, leave feeling like you just had food the way mom would have made it, and above all support small ethnic owned restaurants . After all, isn't that the reason you love easting in that neighborhood to begin with?
Very glad my other half and I stopped by this tapas restaurant on Valencia in the Mission. Sharing everything, I remember we ordered the Chicken Confit "Tinga" Tostadas, the Shrimp Cevich with avocados, and the Carnitas within organic blue corn tortillas, with roasted tomatillo sauce. There was nothing I couldn't put down, but the standout for me was actually the Chicken Tostadas. I'm a lover of carnitas AND ceviche, don't get me wrong, but the chicken dish included bacon and chipotl peppers!It was practically a trend to serve everything we ordered (unbeknownst to us at ordering time) on a hard shell. Not a problem at all -- it was always creative, unique to each dish and always tasted great.I also remember there were small parts of old cars and magazines on the walls, bent or reconstituted into other shapes... It was kind of intriguing, actually. Had nothing to do with food, but it was one way to shoot the breeze as we sipped our drinks and turned our mouths into food vacuums.
We visited Lolo on a thursday night, and it was packed - so glad that we had a reservation.They make the most of their space here, so expect to sit close to the table next to you. The food here is really delicious. The tuna tacon was ridiculously delicious (these plates are 2 tacos, by the way). We didn't order to brussel sprouts but they looked amazing (table next to us, these are the perks of being close by!). I personally found the dishes to be a bit overpriced, but i will admit that the presentation and the ingredients are very good. The service was also great, so it's all in a date nights cost - I'll take it.Definitely worth a visit and a try. Lolo's, well done.
I cam here with my date and really enjoyed it. The various plates are fun and good eats. It is a little pricey for what you're getting, but otherwise a good casual date spot for a week night.
THIS PLACE IS AWESOMEThe ambiance is very fiesta-like: loud latin music with fun/colorful decor everywhere. I will say that if you know you want to dine here, MAKE A RESERVATION WELL IN ADVANCE. I ended up waiting with a friend for over an hour, thankfully the food was well worth the wait, but we came very close to calling it quits during the wait.The food...WOW. So much flavor, it was unbelievable. I'm a guy that likes to stuff his face, so during the wait, I noticed all the tapas come with two portions, so I was very skeptical. We ordered the guacamole, taco tropical, pork shoulder, carnitas, and lamb sliders. All of which were delicious, minus the lamb sliders. But the lamb sliders might've been a little distasteful for me, due to the fact that I was pretty full at the time. I found it to be a little on the heavy side, but I'm sure I would've devoured it had we received the dish at the beginning of the meal instead of the end.If you're looking to order cocktails and you like whiskey, order The Player.My only criticism is that regulars get preferential treatment, which I feel is wrong. The only reason I know this is because I can speak spanish and understood what was being said when this guy started chatting it up with the lady working, as if she was his sister or something. Overall- MAKE RESERVATIONS- Great Ambiance- Great Food- Cocktail to Order: The Player (if you like Whiskey)- The sliders are a little heavy- The young hostess is beautiful, haha.
My friend and I made reservations for 7:30 on a Saturday night. We arrived early but were seated immediately which was nice. The ambiance is fun, loud, and makes for a fun little spot to dine. We ordered a ton of food because we wanted to try nearly every item on the menu. The salsa verde (which is free with chips) was amazing, probably the best salsa I've ever had at a restaurant. We also ordered guacamole, brussel sprouts, diablo shrimp, pork belly, and the bone marrow which was one of their specials. The serving sizes are larger than traditional tapas. We honestly could have filled up on just one or two dishes. Everything had a great, unique flavor. I would order the guac and brussel sprouts again but would try other things from the dinner menu. I'm giving 4 stars though because of the service. Our waiter wasn't particularly friendly, didn't offer water, and was fairly slow. I also found it a little rude that the staff came and asked the table next to us to leave because they were done with their food and they had someone else with a reservation. I know that's an issue with small establishments, but I find it to be in poor taste no matter how nicely they ask. All in all, we had a great time and I would definitely go back.
Loved this place. Cool atmosphere and trendy decor with a Spanish flare. The staff was super friendly and everything felt very authentic. Between 2 people we got 4 dishes which was perfect.
Loved it!Two of us went for lunch relatively hungry and ordered 4 small plates plus one dessert and we were more than full when we left. The favorite was the tuna tarcon--just amazing. The least flavorful were the carnitas but after eating the tuna, shrimp and brussel sprouts, everything else would have paled in comparison anyway regarding flavor! We finished with their version of ice cream sandwiches which comprised of small, soft almond cookies with espresso ice cream in between and then covered in a melted bittersweet chocolate sauce.Service by the waiters was topnotch! The ambiance is mellow yet filled with vibrant colors and random artifacts--really interesting artistic choices!TACO TROPICAL . . . 9.00panko and spice-dusted shrimp, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioliTUNA TACON . . . 10.00seared albacore tuna, shellfish aioli, avocado, roasted tomatillo sauce on the sideCARNITAS . . . 14.00carnitas with organic blue corn tortillas, roasted tomatillo sauce, guacamole, pickled onionsFRIED BRUSSEL SPROUTS . . . 6.00fried brussel sprouts, shallots, hazelnuts, late harvest zinfandel vinaigrette
Great food, fewer vegetarian options, but everything tasted great. Loved the pineapple mint fresco. Our server Trean (hoping I got it right!) was very accommodating and helpful. :)
I have been to lolo many times and I am so please with the food. It is always fresh and preesented in a beautiful manner.
This place wowed me with two things. The crafty cocktail and the tacos. Fusion and fine dining try too hard to reinvent the wheel with their fancy combinations....truth is...it's just not good sometimes. The black mojito was unique. The 'Tropical Taco' was divined...a well balance of flavors, texture, and ideas. A fluffy fried shrimp on a thin slice of jicama as the tortilla. It just came together so well and its definitely non traditional. The pineapple salsa and spicy sweet aioli brings the flavors together while the jicama and shrimp has this complementing texture of crispy and crunchy and yet the contrasting of hot and cold, Hearty and refreshing. Ahh I just love it. The pulled pork sandwich was good too. But still can't get over the taco.
After struggling to find somewhere with an open kitchen at 10:30pm on a Wednesday night, was fortunate to come across Lolo.Despite it being late, half the restaurant was still full with folks eating dinners and having drinks at the bar. We were immediately greeted and got started with a mezcal mule and a 1451, both drinks were damn good! Dinner consisted of the carnitas, chicharron, tuna tacon, taco tropical, and the sopes calamary. Every dish was damn tasty although I could have probably ate numerous dishes of the taco tropical and the chicharron! On top of the amazing food and drinks, service was top notch and the decor looked like something someone who smoked too much while wandering around in a junk yard in Tijuana, threw together. Awesome......
It's rare for me to go to a restaurant, especially a tapas eatery, and be OK with ordering anything from the menu to share. Blame my picky palate on a "meat and potatoes" upbringing? Or maybe some people are more open to going into a meal relatively blind? Though my eating has become much more adventurous over the last few years, I usually have a "type" of dish and stick to it.Not at Lolo. Everything sounded so good! Yes, I was especially hungry. Salads for lunch have that effect. Even if I went in relatively content in the stomach region, I'd still eat (and drink!) a boatload here. First and foremost, the drink menu is perplexing... in a good way! It's hard to pick one cocktail to start. Do I have a traditional margarita? What about the Lone Wolf? Or I could have a glass of rose? Settled for something in the middle: Started with a mezcal margarita at the beginning of the meal and ended with a glass of Syrah. Just enough booze to mellow out and enjoy a Wednesday dinner.Here's just a few dishes that our group of 7 enjoyed:+ GUACAMOLE+ SQUID IN BLACK INK CROQUETAS+ FRIED BRUSSEL SPROUTSAs well as several house specialities that night. One dish, whose name I somehow forget, consisted of octopus, bacon and beans. It was heavenly, my favorite of the night! Just goes to show you that going slightly out of one's foodie comfort zone can be a good thing.Is Lolo good for groups? I'd say so! The restaurant is pretty large by SF standards, but definitely call ahead and reserve a booth. There's a clean/large bathroom for patrons, and I noticed they play island music inside (something like a rainforest CD from The Nature Store or maybe one of those Muzak stations for spas?) to relieve the jitters from those shy bladders out there. Definitely plan on returning, would be a wonderful spot for girl's night out or date night. In fact, if I were trying to woo someone into liking me more, Lolo is where I'd take them! Drinks will loosen you up and small plates force you to share. Also, it's a great opportunity to figure out whether or not your +1 is willing to try new things... See where I'm going with this?
Delicious tapas style dining! I got the taco tropical (panko-crusted shrimp with tropical salsa and spicy aioli) and brussels sprouts with shallots, hazelnuts and a zinfandel vinaigrette. Both dishes were filling! And off the bat you get chips and three types of salsa.I also got their pina colada which had horchata in it.I would love to come back and try more off their menu! Reservations are definitely recommended.. this place gets packed.
You know it's going to be a fun place when the drink menu is more pages than the food menu. As soon as we entered the colorfully creatively decorated place I knew I would love it.We had the guacamole, the Brussels sprouts , crab croquettes (definitely try !!!) and avocado tacos which were all delicious.Our server was absolutely wonderful- very friendly and attentive.Great experience overall
The food here is phenomenal and the service is great. The only bad thing I have to say about this place is that the single stall bathrooms are gendered. There is absolutely no reason to have single stall bathrooms be gendered. Not only is it not trans friendly in one of the largest LGBT friendly cities it's stupid. It's a pretty poppin' place and just creates long waits to use the bathroom when you gender bathrooms like this this.
This place was decent. I went here for Sunday brunch, my favorite meal of the week. The kitschy design is amusing and fun to gawk at as you dine. It was a bit noisy, and our server kept bringing all of her tickets to the wrong table, and once the wrong credit card. Awkward. But hey, it was Sunday and she was probably just as hungover as me.I had the ceviche, fish tacos and fried avocado. It was an interesting twist on Mexican food in a city bombarded with such. I'll go again to try dinner.
Fun place, but still need some flavor improvement. Ambiance reminds me of East Village peeps in NYC. Female host not that smart in selecting tables for customers. A guy was seated 45 minutes early before his friends came to join him. She should just sit that table for the other customers who were waiting ahead from this dude. Poor guy was just sitting there in a big table and waiting for his friends. We were done when his friends came. My fav dish is the SHRIMPS TACO. Ceviche needs improvements. Best ceviche still comes from peruvian and Mexican in Mexico.
Let me preface this review that it was for Sunday lunch at 3:15pm. By that time we were not interested in eggs, and their menu was more than half eggs. This was a disappointment for us, because we were in the mood for tapas and only had a handful to choose from. We ordered sangria (which was very good and very strong, but $12 a glass!), we had ceviche (which was a bit more tart than we experienced at other restaurants, but a very large portion), we also had taco tropical (which was our favorite, but very small for $10), then we had grilled beef tacos (which were really great, tender, and well worth the price of $9), and finally we had carnitas (for $17, it was extremely overpriced, although very flavorful, the guac was the best part). Our check came to $85 and my husband wrapped up the meal perfectly, "it was a trendy, nice, place with average service...but with so many options in the Mission, we will not be returning." Lolo is a great place to be seen and have a first date (make a comfy impression), but otherwise - eh.
Oh yes.What's not to love about Lolo's??This place is ideal for anyone who's looking for some bomb Mexican food, a good time (day or night), and awesome drinks. Aka me.The energy at this place is super contagious and lemme tell yah, I already can't wait to go back. Once inside, you can't help but stare at the vibrant walls filled with crazy-eccentric dcor.Think: walls covered in car parts and different colored spoons, old suit jackets are sewn into booths and tropical murals behind the bar.Drawing inspiration from the vibrant street markets of Mexico, this family-owned restaurant has created a unique experience for all San Franciscans to enjoy in our very own Mission district.The first "must get" are these tacos called:+ Taco Tropical ($9/2 tacos): It's a modern twist on a taco. The "tortilla" is a slice of jicama (type of root used in Mexican cuisine) and is topped with panko shrimp, and aioli/relish, and pineapple.The shrimp was perfectly cooked, moist on the inside with a crispy outer layer. The use of jicama gave it a refreshing and unsuspecting crunch.It's life changing. I wish more tacos places would make use this jicama.+ Next, I was blown away by this Avocado Toast (~$10/2 pieces).I know, I know. You're prob thinking "It's just avo on toast."But trust me, this is not your average slice of bread with a few slices of avocado on top.It's a thin, pan-toasted slice of olive oil bread, topped with a generous helping of avocados chopped into a chunky-guacamole consistency with: smoked rainbow trout, capers, sun dried tomatoes, and arugula dressed with meyer lemon olive oil.+ Third, these lamb sliders are what they're known for. While I personally wasn't a fan (I thought it was too dry), everyone else seems to rave about it.It comes on a brioche bun w/ porcini mushroom sauce.If you're a fan of lamb sliders, these might be your thing. But if you don't like anything too "gamy," I'd pass on these.+ We all loved the ceviche ($12). It's made with shrimp and rock fish, a citrus roasted pepper sauce, avocado, and salted corn. Overall, the fish was very fresh and the flavors worked very well together.My only wish is that they'd give us more than three pieces of chips! To sum it all up:Come to Lolo for some bomb Mexican food and drinks. They do it right during brunch with the girls and I'm sure they're equally as impressive for a fun a dinner date.If you get anything here, you must try the tacos and avocado toast.PS: they're open late on the weekends, till 1am.Tip: make your ressies before you go! The lines get pretty long.(For all pics and deets, visit the blog! Link in profile)
Lolo is quirky and endearing, and sitting among the deconstructed vehicle parts makes my day brighter. The food is an inventive take on traditional Mexican flavors. I think there is usually a wait to get in, but we came right when it opened on a Saturday and we were seated immediately.- Taco Tropical ($9/2 tacos): VERY interesting modern twist on a taco. The "tortilla" is a slice of jicama (type of root used in Mexican cuisine) and is topped with panko shrimp and aioli/relish that includes pineapple. It has a very refreshing/down-by-the-beach flavor and texture combination.- Tuna Tacon ($10/2 tacos): While simpler in presentation than the Taco Tropical, the Tuna Tacon was my favorite piece of the meal. The seared albacore paired perfectly with the tomatillo sauce in creamy and raw flavors. Even the tortilla was better than tortillas at regular taquerias.- Fried Brussel Sprouts ($6): I have concluded that roasting brussel sprouts is the only way to go. Frying achieves a similar crunch, but is probably more unhealthy. The sauce was tangy and the hazelnuts were an interesting twist, but these were just ok compared to other brussel sprouts I've had.- Avocado Toast (~$10/2 pieces): This is not your average slice of bread with a spread/slices of avocado on top. A thin, pan-toasted slice of bread is topped with a very generous helping of avocados chopped into a chunky-guacamole consistency and mixed with herbs and capers. I don't like capers at all, but they gave a very unique citrus/pickled kick to the creamy avocados.Lolo can get a bit pricey if you're looking for a filling meal, but the food is such a unique and engaging experience. This is the kind of meal I dream about, where every bite is a delightful surprise.
A long wait (without reservation) but loved the drinks and tapas! Especially loved the lamb sliders, ravioli, and cheese fondue. Also, loved the couple of cocktails with 'mezcal.' Definitely a must-add on anyone's list of tapas and bar in SF.
The place has fun vibe, the food was yummy, and the server and bar folks are pros!Thanks for good dinner and good value... for San Francisco!
Love the decor. Any place that has a baller Norteo Maneki-Neko parked near the restroom, gets bonus points to start with. We started with the guac, which tasted freshly made and was sprinkled with cotija cheese. Good way to open up our taste buds. For my entree, I had the panko-crusted avocado, topped with spicy aioli, cilantro, tropical relish+side of picked onions. My taste buds exploded. I could've had ten of those tacos! Our waiter was nice and attentive. We will be back, for sure!
My cousin and her boyfriend took me out last night for a belated birthday dinner and I'm glad they picked this place. It was AMAZEBALLS!! Its a friendly neighborhood joint and I will definitely be back when I'm around the mission. Anyways! It's a quirky, fun and down to earth atmosphere that serves... TAPAS!! Uh yes, my type of place. They don't have a crazy extensive menu either, so order a bunch of plates and enjoy with a cocktail. I will say that I didn't enjoy my Bloody Cesar though. It wasn't spicy enough and kinda sour. My cousin's drink on the other hand was delicious and refreshing. About the food... Empanadas are awesome. Lamb sliders are even more awesome. Carnitas are good and so are those grass fed angus beef tacos. Taco tropical was also amaze balls. Instead of a traditional tortilla, they use jicama. They fried the shrimp perfectly and dressed it well. Bow chicka wow wow. Best believe I'll be back.
Definitely a place you must check out in San Francisco. I went for dinner and the food was amazing! You will want to try everything since every plate is delicious. One of my favorites were the tropical tacos
Ironically my Yelp photo was taken at where else...? LOLO! Came here for my best friend's birthday and I seriously felt like I walked into a Urban Outfitters turned into a tapas bar. The ambience is super trendy / kitschy (however you take it) but it's cute! The staff are your typically SF inhabitants who probably live in the Mission. Love the vibe.Had myself a Sangria which was refreshing for a Saturday afternoon but I was a little disappointed as I expected it to be a bit on the stronger side. Maybe I just make my Sangrias heavier on the alcohol side...Opt for the tropical tacos bc they are HEAVENLY! I absolutely loved the panko shrimp's nice crunch in addition to the refreshing jicama tortilla.
This place is yum! I don't believe that the food is worth the price though. I had the pork belly and felt like it was unevenly cooked or something. The flavored are there for sure but I preferred their cucumber drink and guac above all else. The corn was also overcooked. I would recommend trying the tuna tacos, they taste pretty good.
okay so I'm obsessed with this place. i stopped here for Sunday brunch this past weekend with my family while we were visiting San Francisco and had the best experience at Lolo! we turned up around 1 in the afternoon and much to my surprise, there was no wait! i had read the reviews beforehand and honestly expected to wait at least 15-20 minutes, but we got lucky! we also got lucky with parking and found a spot just across the streetthe decor was super cute and I had a lot of fun just looking around at what was on the walls. food-wise, everything was delicious! we loved the complimentary chips and salsa mexican eggs benedict: amazing! super delicious sauce and loved that it came with the side of potatoeshuevos rancheros: loved the blue corn tortilla and sauce! smaller portion but still great(can't remember the exact name) pork shoulder torta sandwich: i hadn't seen anyone write a review about this prior, but my dad ordered this and it was probably one of the best sandwiches I've literally EVER eaten .... meat was delicious and tender and I loved it with the avocado slices and the crunch bread. would eat this everyday if i couldtaco tropical: i'm allergic to shrimp so I didn't try this but my mom enjoyed it! only two tacos so not a big portion but not bad for the price! if I could knock like 1/4 of a star, it would only be because it was a really hot day out and there was no air conditioning so the place was quite stuffy! but i wouldn't mind dealing with it to eat here again. gonna be recommending this place to everyone i know!
Everything is great, the flavors are amazing and genuine. The prices are reasonable for what the food is, and the drinks are unbelievable. Everyone needs Lol in their life.*drops mic*
Fun little spot in the mission. Their small plates are good for sharing, but I'd reco you have 2 people share each dish. Any more than would mean people would get like, half a taco.I especially love their salsas. The tortilla they use on their quesadilla is amazing too. Service was great.
Came here after reading the reviews. Being from NYC I guess I was expecting really great Mexican food. The service is terrific, and the margarita was top notch, but the food left me underwhelmed. It was good, but none of the 9 dishes we ordered were great. We ended up asking for a plate of limes to help brighten things up, and salted things which helped. It's not like it was bad, just bland.
I LOVE THIS PLACE! I've been here twice and both times the food and service were amazing. If you can get a reservation do it, walking in the wait can be long but it's still worth it just gab a drink and hangout. Or if you want to get a drink at another bar they'll even call you when your table is ready. Small sharing plates so you can try a little bit of everything. I love the kale salad and corn on the cobb. The tostada and flautas are amazing and you can't go wrong with tacos and grilled picanha! So so good! Also they make a killer margarita :)
Had the shishito peppers, guac and chips, and a couple of drinks. It was all very delicious. Will definitely have to come back to try more!!
Lolo moved?? I was wondering about this because I bookmarked it long ago but it doesn't look like what I remembered. LOVE THE INTERIOR, so cool and so much fun, we can't stop taking pictures and looking around! The food are amazing--the portion is bigger than we thought! (We at first thought this is more of a tapas place) We ordered:Arugula salad: Love the dressing isn't overpoweringFried brussel sprouts: a lot of vinegar!! But I like it :PCarnitas: meat is very soft, has a special aroma (probably from the leaf?) Calamari something: This was on the menu but I couldn't find it on the online menu? It was a squid ink dish...can't explain it, but it was amazing and delicious! Actually it is our table's favorite, because we never had it before too (and we were all craving for some squid ink dishes :P)The service is very good, attentive, friendly, and even funny! Enjoy our time here a lot! Wish next time I'll have the mood to order some drinks, they look amazing!
This delightful Mission tapas restaurant is just steps away from Esperpento one of my favorite tapas joint. What makes Lol different is the culinary combination of Mexican and Turkish influence on the creative small plates. The chefs do a brilliant job mixing cross-cultural cuisine and spices, creating a completely solid dish that gives you a great dining experience.Though the restaurant itself is quite small and very hard to move around without bumping the person seated next to you, but I can get over that since I really enjoyed the food here. The wait was not too long! Service is quick what is not to love.The Whimsical dcor, including wallpaper made of Mexican lottery tickets, lends an unpretentious feel to the fine dining experience. Small Plates that stood out:Octopus Tiradito ~ my favorite dish thinly sliced octopus, then topped w/ chili and sea salt. Carpaccio style was slightly chewy with a mildly smoky and citrusy taste. A must try!Taco Tropical ~panko crusted shrimp w tropical relish and spicy aioli I savored each delicious bite!Tuna tacon ~ was also a really pleasant mix of flavors. The guacamole was perfect and I loved the blue corn chips left me wanting more since it was only two pieces.Lamb Sliders ~ were fabulous - tender and bursting with good lamby juicesHuitlacoche and Requeson~ a clever Mexican-Italian fusion substituting wontons for pasta with pesto. The earthy huitlacoche and pine nuts helped round out the dish, and the sauce smooth, buttery and rich.Empanadas ~ it was nice and light not heavy at all, flaky crust with an interesting blend of mushroom and oaxaca cheeseAngus Beef Tacos ~ subtly spiced, beef was tender making this one tasty taco!Lol is not pretentious, not too noisy...it is an ideal place to sample the innovative, fun, fusiony approach to high-end cuisine that defines SF's food scene. Not too good for big groups but definitely a place to go for fun dates and small cozy gatherings with friends. Solid 4 stars!
From Phoenix we can get a bit snooty about food called Mexican but this place is beyond legit!!!! Mexican moms and grandmothers in the kitchen banging out seriously incredible plates!!! Try a bit of everything but don't leave hungry!!!! Heat wave was a refreshing bit of awesomeness to drink as well.
Lets talk about Lolo's mezcal game. Lolo's mezcal game is on point. The El Diablito will put a moustache on your moustache.Let's talk about Lolo's ceviche game. Lolo's ceviche game is also on point. They put corn nuts in it. Corn nuts. Seriously. I don't know why, and I don't care; It adds an amazing textural curveball to every bite once you run out of the chips they give you with it, which you will, because they're like angel feathers fried in Zeus' tears. This ceviche is so good it would turn Danny Trejo into a pile of kittens.
Lolo - you ruined us.From our first bite of your Tuna Tacon your ruined every other bite to follow of our San Francisco treat. I am not even joking - it changed our lives. You tell us this piece of heaven is "Seared albacore tuna shellfish aioli, avocado, roasted tomatillo sauce on the side" but there is something much, much more going on there... pure magic. The cocktails were fantastic, the Avacado Toast and Lamb Sliders delicious but that taco is an experience that blows all others out of the water. In case you didn't get the hint - get the Tuna Tacon. Also enjoy the wonderful and friendly owner as well as ogle the ridiculously fantastic dcor.
Good service, great cocktails but BLEH Blah food. I hate to say it but drastically overrated when it comes to food, flavors and combinations. I would only come here for a drink.
Cool place, great decor, ambiance & service was awesome. Food: well...delicious! Pricey but I don't mind paying for great food. The reason why it's not a 5 it's bc of the wait...I understand the place is hip and all but there were tables empty and we waited more than an hr...I would love to be back but I know I won't bc I really don't think I should wait more than 15 mins for a table. Sorry, this is not a bad review everything was amazing and I highly recommend this place if you don't mind waiting. It's more of a 4.9 than a 4 but I can't do that here so...sorry
Delicious food, very cool atmosphere and decor. One of my favorite restaurant in SF. A little bit on the expensive side but it's perfect for a date since it's fancy. Great service. Try their cocktail they are to die for !
Skipped over our reservation with attitude. The food was okay. Some dishes were really good (tacos tropical) and some dishes were not (corn esquites, clearly made from frozen corn). The service could be vastly improved.
Waited an hour for our table, which wasn't a big deal, just because there were some places my friend and I wandered off to while waiting.The place was bumping on a Friday night, with an odd assortment of items for decor. Even the restroom was decked out with deflated soccer balls over all the walls, and a faux-window as the mirror.For drinks that night, I just got a Domesticated Wolf, which wasn't the best drink I had that evening, just the most interesting name on the list.Jicama for tortilla shell? That's kind of the reason why I wanted to get the Taco Tropical. Love the fact it was pretty refreshing crunch from the taco shell, everything else didn't wow me. The lamb sliders were a little overdone and a bit messy to munch on. The table next to us ordered the same food as we did, and had similar reviews about this place.A nice place to hang out, but being overcrowded and a long wait for a table for a meh experience, I think I would want to try something else.
My friend and I went to Lolo for the first time on a Tuesday night. The drink menu is varied and our waitress was very knowledgeable about each one, which helped my friend make the right decision. We ordered a few dishes between us and shared some. At the table we had steak tacos, empanadas, fish tacos and ceviche. I enjoyed the ceviche and the little bread/cracker thing you eat with it, but I didn't think it was out of this world or the best shrimp ceviche I have ever had. The starts of our dinner were the mushroom empanadas and the fish tacos. My personal favorite was the empanada - you wouldn't expect it to pack such a punch! The flavor of the mushrooms combined with the rest of the ingredients was soo flavorful and balanced. I know I will be dreaming about this dish for awhile. The fish tacos were also reallyy good (and I have had a million fish tacos!) Definitely worth ordering even if you normally don't get fish. The fry on the cod was nice but not overbearing. The tortilla was super soft, felt fresh and authentic. Finally the star of this dish was the mayo/slaw concoction they had topping the fish, yummo!!! We both scarfed down our fish tacos even though we were already full. Overall, cute place for a date or a small group. It is a small place and have seating for slightly larger parties, but nothing over 5 would be comfortable. The decor is very original, kitschy and random. Loved the ambiance. Probably a 15ish min walk from 24th st BART, depending on your shoes.
I LOVE LOLO! The tapas and all food is delicious, always fresh, and unique. The atmosphere is delightful. The service always good. This is a great place for a fun date or a group dinner. Definitely make reservations because I think this place fills up in advance.
Went to Lol last Friday and maybe I chose the wrong day to go. It was very packed at dinner, which I anticipated since I tried to make reservations earlier in the day and they were booked through 11:30 pm (I checked around noon.) However, I think 4 stars is fair given that the food was REALLY good. We tried the octopus (must try), the ceviche and the tacos tropicales as well as the tinga tacos. Everything was really good! It didnt take too long to come out either considering it was busy. My sister tried the sangria and my friend the margarita and they were very good drinks. I will come back a different day when its less packed. I will say that their customer service was at the best it could have been considering how busy it was. But, I will discount a star for allowing other patrons to hover while we were still eating. Its kind of small and when packed, even smaller.
Met up here with one of my besties and some of her friends for brunch earlier today. I'm not sure if we had a res but at 11 AM I'm sure anyone could have walked in and grabbed a table.We shared a bunch of different dishes over some coffee, and for a tapas place the coffee was pretty darn good!All the food was, at the very least, decent. Most memorable were the tacos tropical. I HIGHLY recommend ordering these. We were 5 and I wished we'd ordered more than one serving. I would also recommend the chilaquiles. We ordered them with scrambled eggs on top, but I probably would have preferred them with carnitas instead. Regardless, they were delicious for my first time having chilaquiles. The guacamole was good, different, but good.The chorizo scramble was good but it was just scramble, nothing super special. We also ordered the beef tacos, which were really uninteresting in my opinion. Again, would have rather had more of the tropical. Brussel sprouts were flavored well but way too greasy for my liking; I think they would have been better grilled. Finally we ordered some other egg dish (I can't remember the name, but it wasn't the Benedict). It was also too heavy and not memorable. Overall, at $25/person with tip, I will definitely go back to try some more of their lighter dishes.
Great food and service. It's impossible to get into this place unless you plan in advance and make a RSVP. Prices are a little steep: $151 for 4 people before tips. We would return if it was not so hard to get in.
This is a cute Mexican tapas place in the Mission with quirky, semi-kitschy decor and a fun atmosphere. Bonus points for being open way later than most other restaurants (1am on Fridays and Saturdays)! We had a 9:15pm reservation on a Saturday evening but were half an hour late (I tried calling multiple times but no one ever picked up). The hostess gave us somewhat of a hard time when we got there but we were seated immediately because the place had cleared out given the hour. After ordering a bottle of wine we had the following:Tuna tacon (seared albacore tuna shellfish aioli, avocado, roasted tomatillo sauce on the side). Despite all of the positive reviews, I was still doubtful as to how good this dish would be. It was GOOD. Definitely order this, it was my favorite of the evening. Lamb sliders on a brioche bun and porcini mushroom sauce and shoestring french fries. This dish was solid. The mushroom sauce gave it a nice flavor (but also made the brioche buns extremely soggy and somewhat unappetizing). Gorditas (mezcal bbq beef pulled short rib).  A decent dish that came with lots of meat. Fine, but not amazing. We settled on this after attempting to order the carnitas and later finding out they were sold out. Mexican corn on the cob with cream sauce and oaxaca cheese. This was kind of bland despite all of the cream and cheese sauce on it. I ended up dousing the corn in hot sauce to give it some kick. I've definitely had better mexican street corn. We also ordered the guacamole but thankfully they forgot to bring it out because this was more than enough food for two people. Overall, the food is solid; service could be better but seems on par with the general vibe of the restaurant, aka super laid back. The menu has lots of interesting dishes on it and I would gladly go back to try more of them. It also seems to change quite frequently (many of the dishes shown on yelp were not on the current menu).
This is one of my favorite places to eat and drink at the end of the night. The Panko Avocado Tacos and margaritas are so delicious! But I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the food or cocktail menu. Service and ambiance are so warm and welcoming, too. I really want to try brunch here soon!
I'm updating a review for Lolo...the last two times we've went have been unimpressive. The service is lacking, food is rushed out, and the quality of the food seems to have declined. Perhaps their success has gone to their heads and they don't believe they have to try anymore. But, we've decided that we won't go out of our way to eat at Lolo anymore.
Great for our group, that our server didn't serve and boot us out from the booth in quick fashion; but on the flip side, bad that she didn't because there was a wait forming, and lots of group envying our prime real estate. Also bad, and the ding of one star, because our server took a long time between dishes to see if we needed anything else, and we asked for the dessert menu 3 times. Besides the service, I'd go back to Lolo's, because the food and drinks are amazing!When you walk in, your senses can't help but feel overwhelmed (in a good way). The decor is bright and kitschy like visiting your abuela, that crazy bright things don't match, but who cares, its cozy, warm, and eclectic, that's what you love about your abuela. Our group couldn't help but admire the suit jacket bench, or the car doors on the wall. We were seated in a booth, and our joyful senses rejoiced some more, when we read the menu items. Very clever use of ingredients (liquid smoke) in the cocktails. Sounds off, but really tasty in the 1451 Stevenson. Other drinks ordered were gold slinger, haimacon, mezcal mile, sangria, and margaritas with a chili salt rim. Although the cocktails were $11 ($8 for sangria), we were feeling the good vibes, that it didn't matter.On to the food, we went towards more the vegetarian options, since we had one in our group. We ordered:Brussels Sprouts, roasted to perfection with chickpeas.Beers with corona cheese with parsley oil dressing, heavenly.Panko crusted avocado with pickled red onion, surprisingly the heartiest dish for us, so good.Tuna Tropical, ahi fish taco, unfortunately the fish was overcooked and dry.Squid ink sopas with squid ink sauteed calamari, cilantro cream, and topping of micro greens. I loved it, not to overwhelming fish taste, the sopas had crispy edges, and held up pretty well considering that the calamari and greens were on top. Portions were perfect for sharing in a group of 4.To me, the best part of any dining experience, is asking myself, was I full. I'd have to say, I sure was! This is my first time having more vegetarian dishes for dinner, and Lolo's, was on the money. I'd go back!
Everything was so great from the moment we sat at the bar to where we walked out. Great service drinks were on point and the Food i mean the taco with deep fry shrimp served with a hikima instead of corn tortilla. I can't wait to go back again soon!
My friend from out of town came to visit, and I decided I'd take her to the Mission. Originally, I'd planned for something classic Mission like El Farolito, but when I asked her what she wanted, she said, "I just want to eat somewhere clean," and I realized I'd have to give our dinner a little more thought.A co-worker who lives in the Mission ended up recommending Lolo, and since neither of us had ever had tapas before, we decided we'd give it a shot. The place itself is adorable. Every wall has a different pattern, and decorations are so cute and quirky (I sat against a wall of origami sailboats). The food was wonderful as well! We started with the heirloom tomato salad special, and this dish was easily my favorite. The tomatoes were so fresh, juicy, and sweet (tasted just like summer!), and the cheese beneath was soft and spreadable, and it made me wonder why heirloom tomato salads are typically served with such solid, rubbery cheeses in the first place. Next, we had the taco tropical -- each bite was full of flavor, and it was such a great twist on shrimp tacos. We also really enjoyed the fried brussels sprouts and chicken confit tostadas.I'm so glad I had my first tapas experience at Lolo; I only wish I could have brought more friends along to try more tapas!Edit: I have since returned for brunch, and it is AWESOME.
I've had the pleasure of dining at Lol a few times. It's on my "to -do" list for out of town guests! The ambiance is an electric combination of art, music and Mexican culture.  The service is pleasant and mostly attentive with occasional service dry spells. The food is Mexican style tapas with a twist. Some small, some big shareable plates. My favorite dishes are the tacos tropical, grilled broccolini and the mexiterranean cheese fondu. As for cocktails - the sangria is very tasty along with their creatively delicious cocktails like the Lol Margarita and Pia Colada w/ horchata.While the location on 22nd is by far my favorite (for its more authentic/less commercial feel), Lol offers an exciting and delicious experience that is well worth the $$. I gave only 4 stars and not more because of the inconsistent service and sometimes inconsistent food (i.e. Sometimes they charge for chips and salsa, overcooked eggs at brunch and leaving items out of to-go doggies bags).
Went today to try it out thinking their ceviche would be the best since it was pricey but ended up leaving and hungry. The fish wasn't so well seasoned, still needed to be wAsh a lil more... The glass where they serve my water was DIRTY! With dust!! The food not well cook at all. Which, I end up going to another restaurant that full me and made me a happy camper.
Best place for cocktails! It is hard to find a bar that makes real margaritas (no simple syrup, no sweet and sour, etc). Bartenders just put the right effort into making the drinks correctly. The food is also great. The tuna tacon and fish tacos are tasty, simple but full of flavor. Even just a side of corn is surprisingly good.
This is not a place where you can relax and enjoy dinner.My family came to visit and I took them to Lolo. We reserved a table from 8pm to 10:00pm. Since we ate pretty fast we got the bill and paid and wanted to stay and chat for a bit. The waiter rudely asked us to leave the moment we paid, which was less than an hour since we sat at the table! First time this has happened to me in San Francisco
I wanted to love this place, but just couldn't get there based on my experience. We had brunch reservations on a Sunday - it was busy, but not packed, and we were seated right away.We ordered the guacamole & kale salad to start - both good, not great. I had the Taco Tropical - which involved jicama as the tortilla base. I loved this element, so creative and fresh, however the shrimp was deep fried and there was so much sauce.  Fun decor, good vibes, mediocre food?
Just tried the Windshield, courtesy of Miguel: smokey Mezcal, whiskey, lime, agave and averna. Wow.Try it with the tuna tacon
Like that they serve brunch late on weekends.Mexican egg Benedict - it's not the best Mexican breakfast meal I have had, a lil bland for me. But still pretty good.Lamb sliders are amazing.Also ordered Sangria a few times - it was hit and miss. One time it was Amazing! But sadly the next 2 times I didn't get the same Sangria!But all in all still good food with friendly staff and good vibes.
Great carnitas tacos and avocado toast. Fun vibe, good service and tasty salsas! Great for brunch, lunch or dinner.
Excellent food! We sat at the bar and watched chefs make hand made tortillas and other gorgeous platos. We loved the carnitas and soft-shell crab tacos. Service was also perfect. We will be back for sure!
I really enjoy coming here. The ambiance is fun and this is great for groups. Everyone will find something with their huge selection of small plates and great drinks.
The food was very good but I'm pretty disgusted with what we were charged for ice teas (price wasn't on menu) the glass was small and full of ice and the tea was nothing special and cost $4 EACH. $16 bucks for about 3 large gulps of tea per glass. When we questioned them, they didn't adjust. That's just ridiculous and if they had it printed then it would be our fault but it wasn't nor did they tell us when offered a refill each. Ugh. We spent enough on food and alcohol beverage- not like we were only taking up a table drinking tea. Left a bad taste.
It really hard to find a restaurant that sells good tapas. I was really impressed with the quality and freshness of the food. The people were really awesome as well. SF gave me a warm welcome. Shout out to my bartender Louis who made me some really awesome drinks. Great experience and if I'm ever in San Francisco again I'll be sure to visit.
This is my favorite bar in San Francisco. Their drinks menu is creative and everything tastes as perfect as it looks. If you're a mezcal enthusiast, this is your go-to spot. The Lotera-inspired cocktails are my favorite. Each one is completely different, you should seriously just try them all. El Cotorro has chia seeds. El Cantarito comes in an earthy clay terracotta container filled with crushed ice and mint. La Dama is an egg drink with cute little rose petals on top. La Sandia (watermelon) is so tasty too... Nothing here is boring. Drinks here tend to be on the strong side, particularly the Mezcal drinks, since Mezcal has a high alcohol content. If mezcal isn't your thing, there's tons of incredibly delicious non-mezcal options too.They also have great fusion-y latin foods and generously sized tapas. My friends love the gluten-free options available on the menu. Some of my favorite menu items so far are the taco tropical with jicama tortilla (!), avocado taco, cheese fondue, shishito peppers, and the top sirloin which pretty much blew my mind. Near the kitchen, you can watch the tortilla lady make fresh tortillas by hand. Brunch is good too. I tried the croissant french toast. It satisfied my indulgent breakfast food craving.Staff is friendly, efficient, and easy on the eyes. ;) The atmosphere is classy, fun, and colorful, with plenty of quirky things on the wall to look at. The place has a positive vibe about it which is probably another reason it's such a popular place to visit. It can be very busy at times, so you may have to wait for a seat.Five stars!
Service: 10/5 stars (I know it's it of 5...) food came super quick, bartender regularly refilled our wine and water, busser cleared plates at the perfect time --- everyone was on the ball, very friendly, and genuinely cared about our experience.Food: 5/5 stars... through the roof tasty, health conscious, and well rounded in the pallet. I recommend ordering multiple dishes and sharing.Vibe: clean, bright, fun, friendly, urban, chill... Not swanky or pretentious, perfectly unique.Big thanks to Airbnb's local companion for making the recommendation!!
Food:Panko avocado taco - amazing. After a few margaritas, one might say life-changing. But it is a new way to have avocado and I love avocado. The whole taco has a creamy, comfort-food sort of quality to it. Avocado slice is rolled in panki and flash fried -- yum.Carnitas - I loved this. The banana leaf gives the pulled pork a distinct flavor that goes really well with the guacamole and salsa they given you to build your tacos. Nice subtle smoky flavor to the meat. Pickled onion is an underused topping that really adds an awesome burst of flavor.Guacamole - I'm a bit of a guacamole purist -- I want to taste mostly avocado, and a bit of cilantro and onion, basically. I don't like too much overpowering avocado. The guacamole here has a lot going on. Salsa and cheese (?) are poured over the top, which makes for a flavorful guacamole, but not adhering to the most traditional expectations of flavor and texture. Freshly done though and satisfying.Chips - Do the job, but I would've liked them to be salted a little.Salsa - Freshly made. First batch that came out was rather hot and spicy. Waiter brought us more when it ran out (we didn't need to ask) and the second batch was much more mild. This is a very thin pureed salsa. Is it not like a pico de gallo, which is my preferred style of salsa. But the freshness and flavor is still great.Crab croquettes - Awesome. Balancing the garlic aioli was a rather sweet sauce that really pulled the dish together and made it a surprise hit for the table. Nice one-bite starter to share for four people. as four croquettes came with it.Gorditas - Subtle barbecue flavor that left me wondering whether the dish wanted to be barbecue pulled pork or not. It was good, but too in-between that I would either get the carnitas or go somewhere else for southern BBQ pulled pork sliders. With that being said, I still happily enjoyed them.Beef tacos - seemed kind of like a pile of grilled beef to me with not much else going on. But the beef lovers of the group raved about them.Shrimp tacos/taco tropical - I did not have these but others at the table loved the flavors. Said it was reminiscent of sushi with the creamy aioli and spicy flavor.Drinks - Pretty good too. Beware that anything with mezcal will have a smoky flavor. The margarita salt also has that flavored, so I salted rim may make the drink less traditional tasting.Overall:Loud place with the sort of atmosphere for a good time. If you're not drinking and you're not sharing your food, you're doing it wrong. Come with a group and order several items. Food comes out pretty quickly, so we ordered in rounds of a couple plates at a time.
Great spot!This Mission restaurant was really great value. The food is delicious and fresh and the drinks are flowing and tasty - really creative cocktail menu! Great place to meet friends, but be warned - this place never answers their phone, so group reservations are tough!
It was utterly delicious! It was our first time here and I loved their salsa and chips. I also bought their tacos and I must say amazing!!!! Wow! Wish I lived here and I would come all the time. Everything looks and tastes amazing!! Good servers too!
Amazing amazing cocktails. Just go there and tell the bar tender to make you his fav cocktail. I had 4 drinks and all 4 I told him do your thing. Each One was better than the other. Awesome avocado tacos. Must have. I will defi return. One of my fav cocktails places on the peninsula !!
I've been here twice and will definitely be back! Lolo provides a great combination of high energy ambience. friendly & personable service, and wonderful food. Both visits we started with the guacamole, which is the one dish that I found a bit spotty (first visit it was wonderful, second visit just ok). I've also had the carnitas (steamed in a banana leaf), the queso fundido, the gorditas, and the quesadillas. All of them were wonderful.Dessert is great as well. Both times we had the chocolate tamal. Rich, bittersweet, and warm! The second visit we also had tres leches mousse. Soft, light, and covered in cinnamon!Make reservations, or go early or late. But do go.
Always a good time when I come here.You start with warm chips and salsa.Pretty extensive menu perfect for sharing. The tacos come in orders of two but there was three of us so they made the orders for 3 each. I thought that was a very nice accommodation.Musts are: Brussels sprouts, crab croquette, & the shishito peppersI always order the Dama as my cocktail.
Ceviche and flautas were delicious - some of the best I've had in SF. The restaurant was packed and the line very long when we arrived, but the staff were very accomadating in finding an extra stool so we could sit at the bar and eat with no wait. Didn't check out the cocktails, but we will when we go back next time.
Late week night out and hungry and ran across Lo Lo. Fun, festive Latin environment. Crazy eclectic deco and people.Now for the good stuff, cute waitress comes up with a smile and a drink menu, I pick the sangria. Then I ordered my food from an open kitchen and a fun looking staff making some great grub. I ordered the Lamb Slider s and they were PERFECT!! 2 of the best bites I have had in a while an some little crispoy shoe string french fries . Oh and the Mushroom Sauce for the Slider's was to die for. Perfectly cooked and just so damn good i amy be going back this week. Why not a five stars? Well it took forever to get my drink and got my food at the same time. That is the only thing. Did I mention the cutest waitress ever. !!!Go get some of there grub and hospitality!!
Great variety of food to enjoy tapas style as advertised. Hip, young vibe. Enjoyed a good evening with friends. Only we wish they had flexible accommodations for parties larger than four (we were six and crowded into a booth. Would go back again.
food is great, service is good and the place is always packed!
Came here with my buddy! They have really interesting drinks! The place is fun and creative. Food is good too. I enjoyed their octopus and Lamb taco. The Tapas size is also something I want. Perfect to allow you order more but not over stuff yourself.Overall, I would recommend this place to my friends for a fun Friday night dinner.
Went for brunch and really enjoyed it! The mimosas with grapefruit juice are delicious - I couldn't help but have two! I highly recommend the kale salad. I also had the chorizo scrambled which was tasty. I would definitely come back and try other things. Give yourself some time for parking.
The perfect spot in the Mission- great food and amazing drinks- good service as well!
It's a popular place, and we didn't have reservations, so we had to either wait 2 hours for a table or battle the rest of the Mission yuppies for seats at the bar. We chose to wait at the bar, and it took about 30 mins for a couple stools to clear up and there was an awkward moment when some lady was excessivelly aggressive.If you like mezcal drinks, this is the spot for you. Mezcal errthang. Their drinks are pretty much like conventional drinks, except with mezcal, and with another ingredient as a twist.. like rose water in your gin and tonic. Nothing crazy, but pretty quality stuff.We ordered a few dishes to share: the ceviche, which was soooo fresh and a great starter (comes out fast too which is a huge plus when you've been waiting for a seat). the grilled asparagus, perfect with the cheese. the carnitas plate with fresh homemade tortillas mmmm so indulgent...Fabulous food, great prices, good service. Everything on the menu looks good and I don't think you can go wrong. Just don't be a b when you're waiting at the bar.
Came here for brunch based on a friend's recommendation and it did not disappoint. First of all, the decor here is really cute, a combination of trendy, Latin, and borderline hipster. Next, the food was delicious. I split the ceviche, tuna taco, chicken tinga tostadas, and eggs benedicte. We could have done with just 3 of the dishes for 2 people, but really wanted to try a variety. My favorite was the tuna taco, with the ceviche a close second (nice portion too!). Everything just tasted so fresh and flavorful! And I loved that the brunch was Mexican. Normally I am not really into brunch menus (I'm of the opinion that I can make eggs, bacon, and pancakes at home just fine) but I would be excited to come back here for it.
Great service, loved the Taco Tacon and Carnitas. Kale salad was just 'ok'. Would be nice to have a more interesting dressing.
Lots of fun! The place was colorful and energetic. I loved their cocktail menu; I remember playing this bingo growing up and it was amusing to see the alcoholic interpretations of these different characters.The dishes were good to share; they provided enough bites to give you a good idea of the flavors, but left you wanting a bit more. But generally, the price of the dishes was commensurate with the size, no complaints there.I might recommend this place for drinks and a few snacks over having full dinner, but it is a good option either way.
I would give Lolo 3.5 stars-mainly due to service. Food is pretty good, our group shared a bunch of plates from the guacamole to the queso dip to the lamb sliders to the kale salad to the grilled corn and a couple more I can't remember right now. Everything was good but nothing blew me away. Cocktails were very good. Service was terrible which is why I'm rounding down to the 3 stars.
The food is sooo delish! I came hungry and was ordering with my eyes but fortunately my tummy was equally satisfied! The portions are perfect for sharing and the menu is diverse - seafood, meats, and salads. Your taste buds will be happy! They have a great cocktail list too. The service is super friendly and it was great to feel so welcomed and treated with such honest warmth!
Lolo is our #1 choice for Brunch in the 'hood! Always fun, delicious, inventive food, great drinks, happy staff, bright & cheerful atmosphere. And having reservations too keeps the stress level down!
Yay! I finally tried this place, and it didn't disappoint!My friend and I have gotten into the habit of having dinner together to celebrate both of our aging. This year, we decided to go to Lolo. Actually, I gave her a list of options and she picked Lolo. SO glad she picked it!!We met up around 5:30, and didn't realize Lolo opened at 6. Was all good, as the neighborhood is now a place you can wander around a bit. When we got back at 6, there was already a LINE! Yes, a LINE at 6PM! But it was a relaxed line, and we made sure other people who were there before us got seated first. Because...its polite.We were seated near the back, right near the restrooms. Normally, I would be a bit peeved by this, but the space was done in a way that didn't have bathroom-anxious people waiting right next to us. Awesome!!Our waiter was super nice and helpful. We could only decide on a few items, and asked for his recommendation. He suggested their new menu item, a salmon al pastor taco, and we agreed. He also suggested 4 dishes for the 2 of us...which we did need to order another. We eat healthy, ok??The food:Beats: Delicious and super creative. The cream cheese looked like bits of fat on a delicious beat steak. If you're a vegetarian, you'd go crazy over this dish. I don't tend to eat fat on my steak, so it was a little strange for me not to carve out the cream cheese. But don't carve it out. Its delicious.Shiseido Peppers: Roasted peppers. Salt. Amazing. They're NOT spicy, despite being peppers. They're just delicious. I could eat 3 plates of those things.Tuna Tacon: on the menu, they warn you about it being raw, so I expected it to be a lot more rare than it was. It was still delicious (though I had expected more tuna flavor). Salmon Al Pastor: SO good. We didn't know, but we were evidently the first customers who got this dish. And it was SO good I'm surprised not more people had it. The salmon was fully cooked (no tuna tacon!), and the flavors were great. It WAS on the sweeter side, but I assumed that had to do with the pineapple sauce-thing they had on it. While we were leaving, the owner (or chef? Manager? somebody...) asked us how it was. He seemed so relieved to know we loved it!Finally, the 5 add to our menu: Sopes with pork chin and oyster. It was really good, though the oyster was a little too giant for me. If you really like oysters, this is delicious for you. The oyster was the size of a child's hand. Seriously.The ambiance is really cool. I'd recommend it for a first date, actually. If the person becomes dull, you can look at or discuss the cool stuff on the walls. The waiters were STELLAR. Seriously. We were never low on water, and they changed our dishes quite frequently! All their staff were super friendly, and netted a significant tip from us. =)
Just this side of fantastic, Lolo is and inventive, laid back bit of alright.This is Mexican like you won't find anywhere else, take tried and true and add Mexican tradition and you have Lolo - in the way of fruity delicious sangria and not pansy wimp sangria, crab potato croquetas, taco tropical which boasts crusted shrimp, loads of fruity relish and lovely aioli and chicken confit tinga tosatadas.Where the two missing stars go is while all of these dishes were creative and fun, they had fundamental issues. The croquetas were hot, cruchy and tasty too - but the crab, which is of course the star ingredient here, was totally lost in that mushy potato mash. The taco tropical had great flavors except the main attraction here felt lacking as well LESS relish. MORE shrimp. Chicken confit was the one that I liked, but the least. You could have said that was any meat - flavor was a little muddled. Honestly, none of these dishes were deal breakers - they just weren't the belles they could have been.Service is prompt, knowledgeable and friendly and of course; an Francisco hipster.All a little familiar, a bit of a Frakenstein of Food, certainly there is at least one thing you will love here. Two. I am confident there are at least two things.
love the food, love the atmosphere, love the drinks!
Great little tapas spot. My wife and I sat at the bar because of a long wait time, it was Saturday night at 9pm after all. The service was still amazing and the bartenders were friendly and entertaining. The food was excellent and the drinks were as well. Definitely recommend
Ambiance - amazing, need to come back just to see all the beautiful and unique art.Food - delicious, fresh and fast. portions are small/tapas style, come with friends, and order everything.Drinks - creative and crafted. You know the scene.Service - typical SF - slow in a good way, not rushed, but getting the check was so slow after we had indicated we didn't want dessert.** special note - I ordered a drink at the bar before my dinner date arrived and was charged for more tip than what I wrote in. I keep my receipts to check tip, specifically. It was a small amount, but still, very disappointing and shady. minus 1 star for that.
Walking in to this restaurant the first think that strikes you is the funky, eclectic decor. The drinks are crafted beautifully with fun twists like spicy salted rims on margaritas. The small plates are really delicious. I ordered the empanadas which are a really delicious vegetarian dish. One of the seafood tacos comes with a jicama tortilla which was a thin slice of jicama that adds amazing freshness and crunchiness to the taco.I will definitely be back and if you like modern Mexican cuisine you should definitely try it!
Everything is so good here. Get the Taco Tropical, Ceviche, Carnitas, Empanadas, and the chicken confit tostadas. Its the bomb. Service is great, my water is always filled and they always ask how the food is everytime new ones appear. Honestly, i don't have much to complain, but i do suggest making a reservations cause the place is always packed! Pus the weird quirky decor is my fav part of the restaurant.
This place is a gem. Came here for a bestie's birthday and needed a restaurant that would take a reservation of 9+. Chose Lol bc of our love for tapas and casual spots. Seating outside is adorable. They have heat lamps and tables that comfortably fit all of us. Sangria, chips and salsa y guac, ceviche, lomos tacos, etc. etc. everything was amazing. Service was fantastic!! These guys are incredibly attentive and the recommendations were spot on. If you're looking to have an authentic experience, not be rushed, and enjoy a great meal-come here. FYI I called early, but on the same day. They fit us in. Bravo Lol!
Great food. This place elevates Mexican food, while keeping it comfortable and familiar. We ordered about 1/3 of the menu, everything was interesting and tasty. Cocktails were light and fresh, perfect with the food. Can't wait to come back.
Amazing food and super cute decor!Must order: Tacos Tropical (best thing I've ever tasted), Lamb Sliders (messy but so good), and the Carnitas (perfection).Skip: Shishito Peppers (they're not usually too spicy but the batch we got were on fire), Brussel Sprouts (they're popular, but better other places)Also, we ordered some coconut cocktail with arugula garnish that was very good.
What a great gin and tonic! Was here for brunch and wasn't particularly thrilled by the mexican eggs benedict but my companion raved about the beef tacos. Will visit again.
This was my 2nd time at Lolo and it didn't disappoint! I first went for brunch at the weekend and the food was fantastic! Excellent tacos especially the Tuna tacon. This time we also tried the kale salad and the octopus which were fantastic and my cocktail was also just perfect (it was called the Heat Wave) I think. Definitely worth the 5 stars!
Perfect place for lazy rainy day brunch. Best brunch cocktails served by yummy young bartenders. And the food is delicious with just enough of a twist not to be annoying....
Delish!! We had taco tropical, tuna taco, brussels sprouts, and the octopus. Everything was absolutely fantastic and delicious!!! Solid service as well!
Love the food - an eclectic mix of Coastal Mexican and Californian - the cocktails are great, and the eclectic decor is fun and whimsical. Make a reservation if you are coming for dinner, this place is super popular! They also do weekend brunch with a bunch of fun and delicious egg dishes.
The ambiance is the best part. The food is fair, but nothing wowed me too much. I'll definitely be back!
Mark my words. Best tapas joint in SF.Immediate seating at dinner time rush (outside, but it wasn't too cold with the heat lamps). Quick and friendly service. Great recommendations from our awesome waiter. Our favorite Best of all, the vibe seemed to be organic throughout the night. There was a short line outside, but never at any point did we feel rushed or that our food came too late or too soon. It was just as if the perfect experience was premeditated, and even if it was, well done.It's hard to nail such a great vibe and keep so many customers happy. Kudos to Lolo for bringing up the standard to small party dining. Don't settle for anything less.
Everything we had was fantastic! Special mention to beet salad which was presented as a terrine with cheese layers. The best thing we had and totally unexpected! Flavor was perfectly balanced. Kale salad had a lemony dressing which complemented a vegetable that I have difficulty enjoying. Pork shoulder and pork cheek gorditas had good flavor. Shrimp diablo had just enough heat plus mushrooms which blended perfectly. Berry trifle was the perfect end to a lovely meal on a rainy night.The decor is eclectic and the bar looks fun. We will return!
the tune tropical is my favorite! everything is so fresh and flavorful. love it!
This is one of my cousin's favorite restaurants and now it's totally one of mine.The place is small and has a homey vibe. I love the decor and after reading more into it, I found out that the interior designer actually used recyclables! Super cute! Everything was in small plates so we ordered a bunch of stuff to try. Amongst them were some of my cousin's faves. The shrimp tacos (so good), brussel sprouts (yum) and there was also another taco type dish that had its sauce on a spoon (also highly recommended). I don't drink but the drink's all looked super cute and yummy. Staff is friendly and attentive and the check comes in a little shoe. Yes, that was worth mentioning. I might even have a little birthday dinner here soon :)
Yolo at Lolo!Sorry, I had to. In all seriousness, Lolo is at the very tip top of my recommendation list - for tapas or just sf dinner in general!! I came here with a friend for a weekday dinner catchup sesh, & neither one of us were prepared for how amazing our dinner was about to be.Ambiance: Immaculate. Every inch and detail is accounted for, from large, brightly framed mirrors behind the bar, to colorful wall and booth decorations.Service: Quick, friendly, knowledgeable. And our bill came in a baby's little leather boot!! Could not handle the cuteness.Food: TO DIE. In the good way, of course. We split our tapas of chips and guac, corn on the cob, tuna tacon, and lamb sliders. Each dish came in a delightful & fun presentation, and all were bursting with new delicious flavors. My personal favorites of the evening were the tuna tacon and the lamb sliders. Seriously, really, honestly, ORDER THESE!!! You will not be disappointed.I want to come back and eventually try everything on the menu.tl;dr - Yes, a thousand times yes.
The good thing about tapas? You get to try a lot of things because they're small plates! Duh! It's even better if you have a big group because you get to try even MORE things! So needless to say, when I came here with a group of 7 people, I definitely enjoyed Lolo & trying a lot of their dishes. We had a table in the room that had a bar. There's two doorways but you enter through the one that has 3234 on top of it even though the address on Yelp says 3230. The decor is very cute. Why? (You might ask.) Well, it's because of all the colors and different things on the walls. The lamps over the bar in particular look like they are handmade. There are also lots of different mirrors around too. To describe the decorations in one word... I'd probably say vibrant. As for the food, I think I liked all the different tacos the best. They were reallllllly good. The tortillas were very thin but still able to hold up when you lifted the taco from the dish to eat them. (I don't have the exact names of these dishes but they're close enough...)-- TACO TROPICAL has fried shrimp and some sauce on top. Hands down... This was my favorite of the night. We had to order another order after all the food came out because we liked it that much!-- TUNA TACON has avocado and a special sauce that comes in a spoon for you to sprinkle over them. -- BEEF TACOS come with 3 tacos. Theres a sauce for you to drizzle on top but try it first before you pour too much on because it is spicy! -- PORK SHOULDER TACOS have a thicker tortilla and its meat is very tender. Yum. I loved this one too. We also got a few other things:-- DUNGEONESS CRAB CROQUETAS are fried balls of crab and potato. I liked these a lot. I usually like croquetas though! -- CEVICHE comes with chips that taste like sun chips and some avocado. They're good with the ceviche on top. -- BRUSSELSPROUTS taste like seaweed according to my friends but I'm not a big fan of brusselsprouts in general so I won't comment on them really. They're cool. -- OCTOPUS comes on a flat rectangular dish. If you looked at it, you wouldn't know it's octopus because it's sliced so thinly and placed on the plate with a lot of seasoning. The taste definitely reminded me of dried squids but it was good. -- SALMON WITH PISTACHIOS were cool but they weren't my favorite dish. I wouldn't say it's a must try but if you like fried salmon, that's basically what it is. There's some green pistachio sauce on the plate to dip it in too. (I don't believe I saw it on the menu either so you just ask for it.)-- LAMB SLIDERS come with two on each plate along with some fries. The lamb does have somewhat of a gamey taste so if you don't usually like lamb, don't order it. I'm ok with it and liked it but one is definitely enough for me. The fries aren't your usual fries. They are crunchy like chips because they're so thin and small. Definitely liked those! I also tried the black mojito. It's different from a normal mojito because it has spiced rum and vanilla. I liked it.Service is also pretty good. The food comes out one after another and the waiters clear the plates pretty quickly after you finish a dish. It's nice that we had time to finish some dishes before the next ones came out because the food was never cold from just sitting at our table. To get seven of us full (we doubled up on some of the above dishes), our bill was about $278. That includes one drink per person as well as a 20% gratuity because of our party size.
I have to agree with previous reviews in that this place is pretty over priced for the amount of food you get, so minus a star for that.With that said, I think the food is super solid here. Here's what we had:They start you out with super fresh chips that they are constantly refilling - you can see the kitchen making them and dumping them right into the bucket. Super fresh. They give you three salsas with it and they are all yummy, especially the lime cilantro one. We ordered a bunch of veggie tapas: fried avocado tacos, shisito peppers, brussels sprouts and a quesadilla. All of them were really good, particularly the avocado taco. Loved the sauce and the fresh tortilla, which I should add was made by hand in the kitchen. The drinks are solid too - my friend and I ordered a set of maragritas, which come with orange liquor in them (my favorite). They are much bigger than they seem. We also ordered one of the other drinks and a glass of wine. Everything was great. We finished up with the Mexican creme brulee, which was the perfect mixture of flan and creme brulee. Absolutely delicious. I'd recommend this place for more of a snack with some good tequila based drinks!
had a great dining experience here at lolo!came a few minutes before it opened on a weekday and already there was a small group waiting to go in as well.the decor is so random but really colorful and fun.my friend and i tried a good amount of dishes - the corn on the cob, tuna tacon, panko avocado taco, gorditas, and a la diabla shrimp. the corn on the cob was good but i wish they added some heat to it. i really liked all the tacos but the panko avocado one was probably my favorite. we already knew it was tapas style so when the la diabla shrimp came out we were both really surprsied what a big bowl it was. it was delicious and comforting. i loved the spicy sauce with added bacon! mmmmmit's not a place i would frequent but it definitely did not disappoint. just wish they still had the pistachio crusted salmon! bring it back pleaseeee!
On our SF weekend hangout, once again, Elise recommended an awesome place to try (and how embarrassing for me that I live in the city and have not even tried this place). She urged us to get here early as it gets crowded quickly. Though we strived to get there at its opening, we failed by arriving an hour after the dinner opening, and boy were we SORRY! The hostess informed us that the next available seating from the current 6pm time would be 9:30pm. Though the bar is open seating, we were left to fend for ourselves as it was first come first serve. No clipboard list is available to reserve for the bar. We decided to stick around and yelp our way to other nearby restaurants. We even contemplated on their sister location. Within maybe 10-15 minutes, the hostess noticed an opening and told us to hurry up and swoop on it before the table was even cleared. And just like that, we flocked our tailfeathers to the bar! Major kudos to the hostess and sorry I didn't catch her name to give her a more personal THANK YOU. I loved that she helped us and appreciated their customer service that much more. We finally sat down and order the Tropical Tacos, Crab Croquettes, Arugala Salad, Beef Tacos, and drinks. Each order was roughly about $10 each, so be prepared to spend some $$$. My favorite was the Tropical Tacos consisting of battered shrimp with toppings served on jicama. It was so flavorful and refreshing at the same time. I also loved the crab croquettes. It was reminiscent of Takoyaki, a batter like fried ball stuffed with crab meat, also very flavorful.
Holy crap. That was an amazing dining experience. The servers are like entertainers. They're all swarming around, speaking Spanish, grinning at you, making faces and thumbs ups at you behind each other's backs, laughing and smiling, etc. There's so much positive energy and joy being exuded from every member of the staff here, it's really incredible. The cocktails (and alcohol choice) in general are superb. As is EVERYTHING on the menu. It is so thoughtful and well-crafted. There is enormous flavor in every bite and it is perfectly balanced. My date said he was going to create a Yelp account just to write a review for Lolo.Truly perfect. Make a reservation, because there will be a wait - or put your name in, and go to Shotwell's around the corner for a beer. They'll call you 10 minutes before your table is ready. Truly enjoyable and delicious dining experience that left a smile on my face. Awesome decor too. I can't more highly recommend Lolo.
So good....We went here about a week before they moved to Valencia. The service was top-notch, the ambiance/decor excellent...drinks FABULOUS...and food was great as well.I remember that we just thought the guacamole was so-so, but everything else we ordered - including the ceviche ws awesome.
The staff is as delicious as the food!!! Come here often as long as you don't take my seat!
My cousin and I were looking for a place to eat around this part of the Mission and found Lolo right on time! We were able to get a table before the place got crowded. Food was delicious!SETTING --Small cozy venue, dark/romantic ambiance, it could be a nice place to take a date ;)-Apparently all the festive decor is made from recycled materials, very cool!-Service was excellent. Our waitress seated us right away, brought us water and a free bread appetizer, later read us the specials, took our order, and checked in with us throughout our dinner!FOOD --Jalapeno Sliders were super tasty (and cute!). It came with two beef sliders and crunchy thin hash fries. - We also got their breaded Salmon special. I'm not sure how often they have it but I hope they serve it more! Breaded on the outside, and (intentionally) a little raw on the inside, sliced and drizzled with a white sauce. I thought it was a brilliant tapas dish and will definitely try to ask for it again.-A side of guac + chips to munch on the side. PROS - -Good tapa dishes! I feel confident about coming back and trying their other items off the menu.CONS - -Tight seating since the area is small. I wouldn't come here if you have a huge party.
Ah what can I say. Went last night to Lolo for my friend's birthday. From beginning to end the food, experience and ambiance was everything. I loved walking in to all the cute dog statues and the bright colors all over the walls made for a fun experience. The staff was also very nice, our waiter was friendly and very attentive. We ordered the chips and guacamole, chorizo and shrimp quesadilla, avocado tacos, fried brussel sprouts and the BEST horchata mousse. Everything was amazing, very flavorful. All the dishes had their own distinctive flavors and perfectly seasoned. I can't wait to go back. I highly recommend it for 2 people because it is the perfect amount for sharing, but make sure and make a reservation!
Pretty decent tapas place. Got a drink and got STUFFED for $36 after tax and tip which is not bad at all. Service was great. Be sure to book a reservation on Fridays and weekends. Though it was super busy at 7 it cleared up around 8:30. Lots of peeps at the bar, and totally justified - the drink menu is extensive and inventive! Very attentive staff.Sangria - interesting kick of SOMETHING. Trying to see the menu online but not available :(Fried brussel sprouts - basically what it says. Dressed with a vinaigrette which is a perfect balance to something fried and didn't make me feel heavy or like I was gonna get a heart attack.Special ceviche of the day (spicy tuna & scallops) - decent ceviche with a spicy kick in big portions for $11. Not a lame small cocktail sized cup.Taco tropical - interesting taco! Jicama tortilla which made the taco lighter. Fried shrimp and light fresh fruit which was a great balance to everything.Tuna tacon - SKIP this, nothing special. Just seared tuna taco but I didn't find it special.Lamb sliders - YUMM my fav of the night. Perfectly cooked and juicy and not too gamey. The brioche bread was SCRUMPTIOUSSSSSSSS (I freakin love bread)I still like Cha Cha Cha better as a tapas place, but the 2 are not comparable at all. Different types of food!
11/18/13. Birthday DinnerOn my birthday I returned to the one restaurant whose flavors have made a deep impression in my taste buds. Lolo is a tapas restaurant with funky decor. You're greeted by warm colors and funky psyche. Ship origami fills one wall, kids tux and dresses another. Pom poms dangle off lamp shades over the bar. It's fun, warm, and welcoming.The three of us were seated at a table for four, very roomy and comfortable for this tight, claustrophobic space. We have plenty of room for our water bottle and wines. One of the waitresses didn't speak very good English, and she didn't know the wine I was getting. But she quickly salvaged the situation by confirming with another server.I was surprised the entire menu stayed the same, so most of the items are familiar. About half of the menu is gluten-free, which scores extra point with me. Over wine and cocktail, we wait for a friend to arrive. *Guacamole ($6.50): with cotija cheese and served with blue corn chips. Chips are the kind that are thick but crispy. Guac is okay, nothing special. I personally would prefer it without the cheese.*Fried Brussels Sprouts ($6): pan fried with shallots and hazelnut. Very strong flavor from Zinfandel vinaigrette. Tasty and different!*Taco Tropical ($9): Panko and spice-dusted fried shrimps topped with tropical relish, served on very thin, almost invisible jicama wrap. It's savory, tart, and crispy.*Chicken Confit "Tinga": shredded chicken with bacon served on hard blue corn taco. This is by far my favorite. Chicken is marinated but the flavor not too overpowering.*Squid in Black Ink Croquetas ($9): the reason I come here is for this item. So yummy it's like eating fried potato cage but with pured squid filling.*Grilled Grass-fed Beef Tacos ($14): grilled angus beef tacos with avocado and a habanero radishes. Beef is very tender and flavored. I could have eaten 5 of these!*Crab Tostada ($15): perfectly done, with crab in every bite, and chorizo and leeks.The whole meal was fulfilling. Lolo Durante disappoint with their rich array of flavors. A bit on the downside is the small size of the restaurant and so the noise can be pronounced. Service is very friendly and they clear empty plates promptly. It's certainly a gem in the Mission and the hip Valencia, where greater focus is put on style than on substance.
My first ever YELP review. The "Taco tropical" is hands down the best taco I have ever eaten. Service was low key and excellent.
Definitely coming back. Great food, ambiance and service. Lamb sliders are recommend!
Situated in the mission district, this little, dare I say cute restaurant sits quietly amidst a bustling area. On a Saturday night, a friend Jenn. W. I had not seen for years, and I ventured upon this restaurant for drinks and tapas. Packed, we sat outside accompanied by the overhead heaters that so conveniently was not working as we attempted to collect heat from our neighbors. In spite of the cold but due to the hidden away feel, we forgot about the cold but also that we were in SF because of the tucked away feel from the wildness of the SF night. We ordered the shrimp ceviche (amazingly fresh), the pork shoulder (not memorable or forgettable), the palance (forgettable), and another dish we cannot remember. This all did not matter because the best part of the entire meal were the cocktails. My date and I ordered the Player (rye whiskey with an exotic and delicious yet manly flavor), the Windsheild (also rye whiskey but on the boring side), while she ordered the Drake pronounced Drak-aye! Together we entertained the different pronunciations in hopes that our educated backgrounds gave us a leg up - we weren't close. -_-' Freezing nearly to death, the waitress transferred our bill to the bar located in the adjacent and yet further tucked away room. Swarming with beautiful colors, architecture, singing bird sounds in the bathroom, and large windows to observe 22nd, it feels as if we have front row voyeuristic seats to the Make Out Room and the sketchy activity. No we did not see people making out, but we did see some crazy police activity where a man was searched for drugs. Was this a dream, a movie, or perhaps the ambiance of the restaurant that made this a beautiful experience? Or was it the alcohol? Either way, it was unforgettable. A must visit place.
This little restaurant has so much character and the food is amazing!! It's decor is fun and bright and made of recyclables. I.e. There are huge flower displays on one wall and it's made of bicycle tires. There are cowboy boots placed around the restaurant and are used as flower vases. Definitely a great place for a casual dinner and date night. I'd make reservations though since it's a small place. They serve tapas and each dish usually comes with 2 servings. My absolute favorite was the taco tropical. It's a must order! After drinks and 4 dishes and 1 appetizer, our bill came out to be $55. Not bad at all considering the a quality and service of this place. I can't wait to come back!!
this place is a fantastic diamond in the mission. luis, the youngest bartner to sweep sf off its feet, shakes up the meanest, thoughtful cocktail this side of pecos. try the avocado taco!!! it's sublime.
Started out with the guacamole and elote. Guac was nothing too memorable, but the elote! YUM! No overwhelming mayo or cheese like you get with "street elote" they were smaller cobs but had big taste! My friend had the carnitas that we're so so, and I had what seems to be the favorite on Yelp here, the Taco Tropical. Definitely a nice change up with the jicama, two thumbs up!
Funky Mexican food. Get the tuna tacos. All desserts were amazing and unique.
Favorite spot in SF or anywhere else. Great food, great atmosphere, outstanding service, and an all-around good time.
Good tapas, good drinks, cool decor, great location. There are a lot of options in the Mission, but this is one I'm looking forward to getting back to soon.
A great spot for a casual dinner or small group gathering with a funky fun vibe. Everything I tried - the Taco Tropical, Tuna Tacon, Dungeness Crab Croquetas, mushroom and corn empanadas - were very, very good. The highlight of the evening though was the A La Diabla Shrimp: warm, hearty, rich and just a little spicy. Loved every bite. Even my drink - some kind of dry gin and rosemary-infused whiskey combo (can't remember the name) - was excellent.I generally think tapas places are a racket - overly inflated prices for minimal portions. Lolo might be on the pricey side for visitors, but it's not a bad deal for SF. The quality of the food is outstanding and well worth the price.
First impressions are first impression. The hostess was aggressive and vindictive. I walked in at 6:20 pm to meet my parents who were visiting form out of town and didn't realize you needed a reservation, which is our fault completely! The hostess looked at me like I was an idiot for not knowing that LoLo's required a reservation. I tried to explain that maybe my parents had made a reservation. Which they had not. It was 6:30 on a Monday night. I apologized and ask if she had any openings and she said she could seat us but we would have to finish in 1 hr and 15 min. When I told her I had to wait and ask my parents she looked annoyed. When my parent arrived and said yes, they could in fact eat in an hour because they were tired and wanted to go home; she then changed her mind and said the table was no longer avaialbe and we could sit at the bar. THERE WERE 8 OPEN TABLES! I live in the neigbhorhood and have been going there for over a year to eat and drink at the bar. Never realized you needed a reservation to Lolo's. They are putting on pretense trying to be something they are NOT. If it were a nice enough restaurant that you needed reservations they would hire a classier hostess who could actually know a repeat customer when she saw one. I'm NEVER taking anyone to Lolos again. The food isn't that great and the tequila sucks!
I absolutely adore this place. The atmosphere is fun and eclectic. The owner really put a lot into the place, and the details are amazing. The food is so damn good. We got the Brussel sprouts, ceviche, and the fish tacos. All golden. Can't wait to go back. Favorite place on Valencia.
This place is a new go to. We were wandered in without a reservation and ended up getting seated pretty quickly. I would recommend a reservation. Great vegetarian options and the flavors! Great cocktails, friendly staff and super cute inside. Great for a group but make a reservation.
I loveeeed Lolo! My friend took me here, raving about the tapas. I was immediately amused by how quirky and fun the ambiance and decor was. Bright colors, fun prints, and doggy statues everywhere. We came pretty early, a little after they opened for dinner and the two of us were seated immediately at the bar, which we didn't mind. We ordered the Tropical Tacos, Crab Croquettes, and Panko Avocado Tacos. The crab croquettes came out first, which reminded me of a crab version of Japanese Takoyaki. It was very rich, creamy, and the sauce went well with it. Next up, the Panko Avo Tacos, which consisted of deep fried panko avocado, oaxacan cheese, and a creamy sauce on a flour tortillla. It was pretty good, but a little too rich for me since everything was so creamy. I started to get a little sick of it towards the last few bites. & I guess they saved the best for last- Tropical Tacos. Panko crusted shrimp topped with a sweet pineapple salsa. Sounds simple, but this dish was PERFECTION. The scrimp was succulent, seasoned and cooked just right. The salsa complimented it perfectly. I also liked that it was light since it wasn't on a flour tortilla. We didn't plan on getting drinks, but after seeing how pretty the drinks being made in front of us were, we both went with a margarita. Unlike your basic margarita, the rim had a chile lime kick to it. Yum. Basically loved everything about this restaurant. Prices were decent- about $50 for the both of us- 3 tapas & 2 dranks. A great place to grab a fun bite with friends or take someone on a date!
This place was great! the food was good, the drinks are good. This is a great place to catch up with a friend and over delicious meal. Reservations well in advance are recommended.
Always always good... it's become a staple :)
Nice decor and amazing staff. Their shrimp curry and fried Brussels sprouts are the best.
The only reason this place gets two stars is the drinks, service and dcor. The decor is cute, different and creative. I most def got a Mexico feel from the place, but the food...Oh the sad sad very very sad food. There were three of us and we ordered a variety of different dishes and nothing wowed us. In fact we were underwhelmed and disappointed to say the least.  M & R did enjoy the Brussel Sprouts. The Tuna Taco was "eh" at best. The Calamari Black Sopes was aesthetically unappealing and it tasted just as bad as it looked. This was a one biter for M and I. A La Diabla Shrimp was tasteless and overcooked. I had two bites and was done, done, done and I never ever ever walk away from shrimp. I thought the Epanadas and Dungeness Crab Croquetas were okay, but M & R did not feel them at all. The Lamb Sliders were tasty, but R pointed out that perhaps M & I thought they were tasty because everything else was just bad. Bad! We had other dishes too, but I can't even recall them only to say that they were bad too! And, to think we could have eaten at Cha Cha Cha (Haight location that is). Service was great and the drinks were good. I highly DO NOT recommend this place if you want good eats. Sorry for those of you that enjoy it!
I went to celebrate a friend's birthday on Saturday afternoon.When we first walked in, we were impressed by the colorful, fun,creative, arty decor. We shared and loved the Tuna Tacon and the Kale Salad.The ingredients were fresh and delicious.While tasty, the Rainbow Trout & Avocado with Capers on Toast dish was too salty. The service was friendly and very attentive.Plan to return to try their dinner menu.Would highly recommend for great tapas and fun, friendlyatmosphere with wonderful background salsa music.
Cool space and vibe, friendly service and some healthy/light menu items, all good. Unfortunately execution was not as strong. Wish the flavors were stronger, deeper and richer. Kale salad was just meh. Great potential though! Much better than Radish where we had just come from, defeatedly.
Fun & casual atmosphere, great menu, super-friendly service. Everything is tasty, though the ceviche is a touch salty. Empanadas are yummy and the beef tacos are WONDERFUL!
Cute place; good food; value for money.Took off one star because the restaurant was a little loud and the server didn't hear/ see our gesture more than once. Nevertheless, would come back again.
Update on one of my favorite little restaurants - although it got less "little" with the new move. Six of us went for dinner last night to the new location on Valencia and had a great experience; the food was still just as tasty as it was before, and the ambiance was fun, colorful and quirky, however, I felt it lost a little soul in the new, bigger/more open location. I loved the intimacy it had before. Great service all around: Leon at the bar shook-up some tasty tequila mixes with a smile, and yes Leon the salt worked in that Paloma ( : -- and Roberto was attentive to all of our requests at dinner, with a great attitude throughout.
It's been over a month since I came here, but honestly, I haven't gotten over how effing good their tacos are since then! I think I got the steak tacos... The meat was so good and juicy and flavorful, and omg, don't even get me started on their guacamole. I swear to god, if I didn't live all the way in Hayward, I'd be eating their tacos all day every day. Also, the decor is freaking awesome! It's like a traditional Mexican restaurant and a hipster had a baby. A baby with delicious food.
You need to make reservations on weekends. If you didn't, go early, expect a bit of a wait and grab a drink at the bar. The service, drinks and food are all really good. My favorites were the margarita and the tuna taco. The decor of the restaurant is cute and the atmosphere is fun and cozy.
I have to admit that I was a very bad yelper when I came to Lol , I did not take any pictures (!!!). We waited 3 hours for a table and by the time we were seated we ordered fast and scarfed down the plates as soon as they hit the table. Lol is located in the Mission district and is really different from anything else in the area that I have come across. We failed to make a reservation so we knew the wait was going to be long, so we headed to a bar to wait. Once we were finally seated the waiter gets us drinks fast and rattles off the specials. Lol is tapas (small plates) that you share with you group. We were a party of five and in total ordered around 8-10 dishes and we were STUFFED! Here are the most memorable:Elots: corn on the cob with crema. Reminds me of an upscale faire favorite. Empanadas: perfect blend of cheeses and mushroom with a crunchy shellAngus beef tacos: chunks of seasoned tender beef. Jicama taco shell- get out of town! The sauce on the side was equally as good, I wanted to drink the stuff!Carnitas: served in a banana leaf, sides of salsa and guacamole served with blue corn tortillas. Delish. Ceviche: shrimp and fish, huge chunks with the perfect salt/tart balance. We ordered two dishes that did not come out which was unfortunate and we didn't check the bill until after we left. Oh well, I won't hold it against them and I will be back WITH a reservation
Love this place! Great veggie options! My two favorite dishes are the brussels sprouts and avocado tacos, but everything I've tried has been good (corn, flautas, quesadillas). Excited to try more of their dishes! Also, their drinks are delicious!To get a table, it's better to make a reservation ahead of time, but it is fairly easy to get a seat at the bar if you walk in.
Didn't have the pistachio salmon :( I was so excited to order it too from the photos and all the reviews!But, the boyfriend and I ended up getting a few others...and we were so full and satisfied by the end. We had:fried brussel sproutsdungeoness crab croquettestaco tropicaloctopus tiraditohuitlacoche & requesonI recommend:Fried Brussel sprouts--SO good. I recommended this. The fat from the fried brussel sprouts mixed in with the acidity of the vinaigrette. ON point.Dungeoness crab croquettes-- creamy, yummy. We both agreed it could use a little more crab...but it was still very tasty.Taco Tropical-- YES. the daikon is perfect with the crusted shrimp. It makes the dish a lot lighter than if a tortilla was used. Loved the aioli with it.Huitlacoche -- if you're down to try moldy corn or feeling adventurous, go for it. I personally liked it a lot, and we ended up dipping our bread in the basil arugula sauce because it tasted so good.Ehh:Octopus tiradito. I didn't think it was amazing. The smokiness with the chili flakes is nice touch, but I personally wouldn't order this again for $12. I wanted to get dessert...but we were just way too full and had to take home leftovers...but that just means I'll be going to Lolo again :) and try more stuff on their menu!
The most delicious "gourmet tacos" I have ever had. Order the Tuna Tacon!! You will not regret it. The Octopus Tiradito was intriguing but not really my speed. Everything else was above average.The drinks are absolutely delicious and my friend and I weren't planning to drink much but after tasting the first drink we got 3 more. We got the Hamaicon (hibiscus, St Germain) and another amazing colourless drink (with cucumber or mint in it I think).My only complaint is that, typical of SF, especially in the Mission, the food and cocktails are top-notch (and the prices to match) but diners are schlubbing here on a Saturday night in hoodies and sneakers... Can you please humour a girl and dress up a little to make her night?
Came for dinner one night with a group of 4 and for some reason all our (similar) orders came at different times. The food overall was tasty but small portions (I know, I know, it's a tapas place). Get the calamari sopes.
Order the Brussels Sprouts and a cocktail. Pass on the fondue. Make a reservation so you can sit inside.Their extensive and interesting drink menu was a welcome sight on a Friday evening. As were the small plates, specifically the Brussels Sprouts and fondue. I already love Brussels Sprouts but Lolo really takes theirs up a notch -- perfectly cooked and complimented by hazelnuts, shallot and a vinaigrette. Yum. The fondue was disappointing. It was also difficult to eat with the handful of chips provided. Our server was happy to bring out some bread, once requested.The woman who seated us seemed put off that we were there (which put me off a bit) but the rest of the staff were fine. We were able to sit outside without a reservation. That was nice except for the alternating smells of cigarette and marijuana smoke during our entire visit. Unhealthy as well as unappetizing. Service may have also been more attentive if we had been sitting inside.
I came back. What I remembered the most from here was their Fried Brussel Sprouts and Crab Tostadas. So I took another stab at them and they were just as amazing as the first time. I was reminded how their Corn on the Cob and Oxtail Empanadas were very addicting. I also remembered how their Sangria was on the fruit-less side, and how their fries resembled Pik Nik shoestring potatoes.  And there's no way I can forget the friendly staff and vibrant atmosphere at this place. Along with these memories, I learned how fatty a ribeye can be. I learned how there wasn't any chicharron in their Scallops & Chicharron Ceviche dish. And I learned that they didn't have Roasted Shishito peppers on my last visit. Still, History shall repeat itself....I MUST return!Soon.
You HAVE to have the Taco Tropical. And all the desserts.  Great food cool atmosphere and decor. I will come back for sure !
I really enjoy this place. I have gone twice now for din and brunch and have zero complaints. Easily made a brunch resi on a Saturday for a group of 6 and showed up on a Saturday night without one and got seated at the bar within 10 minutes. They mezcal margarita is amazing and their mimosas are unique (with grapefruit and aperol). For din you must get the guacamole and carnitas! And on the brunch menu order the avocado toast and the amazing buttery melt in your mouth croissant french toast to share for the table. I ordered the Benedict which was incredible but got the cream sauce on the side (much more a sirracha gal with my brunch). The vibe is very hipster and chill and the staff is all very friendly and attentive!
Super long wait for a table but the food and drinks were delicious. Once we sat the service was fast. Small plates to share so you can try a bunch of things!
Finally! After many a failed attempt in the past to come to Lolo (usually as a result of waiting to make impossible last minute reservations with a large group), I finally made it out here (well, without reservations) a few weeks back. After a half hour wait or so on a Saturday night, the three of us are seated outside, and order [ Photo: instagram.com/p/dLS1BCQf ]:* Brussel Sprouts - Not nearly as good as the ones you can get at Marlowe, Barbacco, or Burma Superstar, both lacking in flavor and crispness.* Oxtail Empanadas - While I don't remember the particulars, these were definitely good, and had pretty great flavor to them.* Figs Serrano - One of their specials for the night, I believe, these were roasted figs stuffed with bleu cheese, served on slices of prosciutto. Tasty when eaten together with the prosciutto, but personally a little too bleu for me (my friends loved it though).* Huitlacoche Ravioli - So, one of my friends loves ordering food that she finds to be really strange. That's what this dish happened to be (and fortunately, it was actually rather tasty). For those who don't know, huitlacoche is corn smut, which is a type of plant fungus that causes smut disease on corn crops. Yup, and you just ate it.* Tuna Tacon - Probably my second favorite dish of the entire mean, and just plain... tasty. Be sure to try it.* Taco Tropical - As well as this one. While this came in second for my friends, I absolutely loved the explosion of flavor with these "tacos", which are actually served on thin slices of radish, rather than tortillas.If you're going to check out Lolo (and you really should), do yourself a favor and make reservations ahead of time! This place is poppin', so, unless you like waiting (and many a San Franciscan seem to)...***Accessibility Info***Venue - Since we were seated outside, I can't really comment on the accessibility inside. There are two walled off halves to the restaurant, and the side we sat in front of seemed like it made for a tight fit inside. Outdoor seating is marginally more accessible, but the table legs are likely to get in the way.Bathroom - Didn't try, so no comment.
Great food friendly service. Long wait but we sat at the bar and it was worth it. The bartender took great care of us and was very attentive. We will be back for sure.
Awesome awesome food and drinks. The wait staff is attentive and mskes sure that you have a great time. I love the vibe of this restaurant. It's fun and stylish, it's hip Mexican. My go to's are the panko crusted avocado taco and the margarita. Yum! Make sure to get a reservation, it gets busy and there's not a good waiting area.
Stopped in when walking around in the area for Sunday brunch. Was not that busy, so we got seated right away. Our waitress was nice and we got our food fast. I got the avocado salad and my friend got the fish tacos. They also bring out salsa and chips. All of it was delicious! This is a really good spot with funky decor!
They were very accommodating increasing our reservation last minute.
AWESOME brunch! I mean Awesome! I had the Mexican Benedict Eggs. The Mexican Benedict was amazing. It was a great size brunch, not too big and not too small. Everything together was great... To be exact: 2 eggs over fried organic corn gorditas, refried beans, creamy poblano sauce, fried shishito peppers. Wow! It was just WOW... great. I also had some of the fried brussels, and they were shared by the table. They went incredibly quick too. The salsas that were served were great too. A few different flavors of salsas to use for our main meals was really nice. A great brunch spot in a great part of town.
Interior of this place is so nice that I feel sad about giving 3 starts. However, if I am rating a restaurant, food is the main thing I review. Everything else can move the needle only so much.Service (2.5*) generally lacks at the bar if you are there at a busy day (every Friday and Saturday), although I never had a problem with bartenders or anyone else working here. They just can not keep up with all the orders within a reasonable amount of time.Drinks (4.5*), are great. You may not be discovering a unique cocktail that you never had anywhere else before, but the presentation and the quality is pretty darn good. I could only had 2 drinks last time I've been there due to the lack of service and I am fast a drinker.  Food (2.5*)... what a disappointment. I have tried so many different things here, just to give another chance, including kale salad, calamari, peppers, tacos and some other things that I can't remember but I would probably be giving more than 3 stars to only taco tropical. Everything else is only okay. I will be back for sure but I am not excited about it anymore.
Mexican food, nothing out of the ordinary. Portions are small and pricey. The restaurant itself its pretty cool and decorated accordingly. Parking is a nightmare. I noticed that the majority of the staff are very good looking. I think this place is all about the looks. So I would rate this restaurant atmosphere 5 stars and food 2 stars.
FINALLY! A restaurant in San Francisco with tasty food. Okay, so not to be a bitch but I'm not from here, I hail from Baltimore, and maybe it's just an east coast thing, but food is waaaaaay way tastier back on the right coast. I was beginning to give up hope on eating out in San Francisco after having consistently below par dining experiences when I stumbled upon Lol. THANK YOU JESUSWent with boyfriend and were seated immediately despite it being very busy. Ordered 2 items from the specials: Friend and stuffed Squash blossom (EXCELLENT) and pork belly tacos (AMAZING) and 2 items from the menu. We got the tuna tacos and they are really really tasty, great sauce, perfect portion, perfectly cooked tuna. Then we got the huitlacoche ravioli. Having had huitlacoche several times in mexico, I have to say I wasn't crazy about this ravioli, it had a very distinct bitter aftertaste that I wasn't a fan of, but the initial bites were decent. My boyfriend like it.So yes, go to here!
Lol rules. The food is inventive and delicious, the people are fun and welcoming, and the space itself was dreamt up by a crazy person. It's a full on high-energy experience, one that I hope exists for as long as SF exists.
The Panko Avocado Taco is one of the most interesting tacos I've had in awhile. Loved it. Still thinking about it days later.Fun old school cocktails too. Definitely get the guac to start.Can't wait to go back.
I may have had too high of expectation since the reviews are all so awesome. I came here on a saturday night and they were able to squeeze us in. I started with the guacamole and a margarita and was not impressed by either so we ended up paying our tab and heading out.Pros- nice artsy atmosphere, full barCons- $11 watered down margarita, bland guacamole, reservations highly suggested
This place is really easy to get seated at especially if you are ok sitting at the bar area since there are barely any tables here and you mostly need reservations for those. All of the food was great although the Sangria drink definitely didn't really taste like sangria since it had vodka in it. Would be nice if they had pitchers of regular sangria.
This has to be one of the best food places I have been to!! Hands down the staff is so friendly and so nice and the food is exceptional!!loved it!
Get the fried brussels sprouts! And that crazy cocktail with the mezcal and the carrot juice and something spicy.
All right, was looking for their octopus but it only provides at dinner time. Need to find a night to come here again!!!Fried Brussels sprouts: 4 stars. This was my first time to try brussels sprouts and I think it's super delicious. I like the flavor but it would be better if they add a little bit lemon juice on it. It seems like lack of something when few bites after. Or fried foods always feel greasy after few bites and lemon juice really helps to reduce that feeling. Tuna tacon: Oh lord, this is so perfect. Nothing is too strong and overlapped. Everything is on the right position and just waiting for you to bit it, seriously!!! Tuna cooked perfectly!!!"Shrimp taco:" 4 stars. Even though they use radish to replace the traditional taco shell; however, in my opinion, it doesn't help a lot to reduce rich feeling for the taco. I think the sauce may be too strong for the taco, and somehow I only had sweet and sour in my mouth after first bite. Radish shell and topping are all taste sweet and sour so that mat be the reason. Berry trifle (dessert): it has interesting taste when you have everything together, from top to the bottom. I hope they can have more berry flavors with the dessert due to the name of this dessert. Overall, I like this place and wanna try their dinner menu for sure.
went here for the first time for Sunday Brunch, and all I can say is WOW. I loved the decor and atmosphere, but nothing was better than the Sangria! sooo delicious. I ordered the chorizo and it is honestly the best brunch I've ever had! definitely recommend and definitely will come back to try the dinner!
Went here over the weekend with a few friends and I'm definitely a fan. Service was quite slow to start (we had chips, salsa, guac, and an appetizer before we even had water at the table). But from there, it was pretty much all uphill. We ordered a ton of things to try and all of them were pretty stellar. My personal favorites were: the diabla shrimp (spicy shrimp in a rich tomato sauce), the carnitas (make your own tacos), and the ceviche (I'm a big fan of ceviche and I thought this was done really well). We also had the octopus (super tender, but I could have done without the bean puree on the bottom), the huitlacoche ravioli (sauce was excellent, but the huitlacoche itself definitely has a distinct flavor; totally awesome to try though), the flautas (nothing remarkably special, but the sauce was awesome). Drinks were good, but standard and took awhile. I'll definitely go back maybe on a random week night.
The taco tropical and the lamb sliders were to die for! The service was kind and fast, and the prices were reasonable. I only take off 1 star since it closes at 11PM. It's later than it's other location which closes at 10, but I'd love to post up here for some late night bites and cocktails next time I'm in town. Great vibe. Great food.
I love this restaurant!! This is the newest jewel of the Mission District. Try their delicious shrimp tacos, carnitas and drinks to start! Lunch on the weekends is just as awesome with a slightly different menu - it's soooo worth it!!
I enjoyed the tuna tacos a lot . But the El Punal cocktail that was recommended by the bar tender.... Not a repeat. It was overpriced ($11 ) my boyfriend had a ship wreck and l loved it and it was the same price.
We had brunch here this morning and it was very good. We ate at their old, cramped place, lots of times.  This place is very nice interior.The complimentary chips and three salsas was nice to start.Then we had the Brussel sprouts (the vinegar is strong ). Liked them a lot.  Perfectly cooked.The shrimp tacos were uh-maze-img.  Served on a weird pure white flour tortilla (or so we thought) and then we bit into it, and it's jicama! Yum yumThe eggs Benedict were really great (the yolk was a bit over cooked tho but that might have been waitress fault)I think some salt at table would have helped. The dishes are a bit on bland side.
Great restaurant for a casual night! Me and my husband had dinner here this Friday and the food was amazing! The portions were pretty big for Tapas. We had the Kale salad and the lamb sliders, loved both the dishes. We also tried the tres leches mousse which was delicious as well! I'm not giving them 5 stars because it was a bit hot inside the restaurant , partly because the restaurant was packed on a Friday night; but something that needs to be taken care of for everyone to have a great dining experience
Cute place in the Mission. Well, the part of Mission I like better (by 24th street). It's just a couple of blocks from the BART station so very easy to get to. We had reservations for Friday night and were seated promptly. The place has a fun atmosphere, very cool colorful decor. Their menu is strictly tapas.. there are no main dishes. Which is fine.. you can order more of the tapas! Their wine list, cocktails, mezcal menu was extensive. We ended up ordering 3 cocktails each ($9-10 reasonable). Most of the cocktails we really enjoyed except for a couple.. the Mexihattan was ok. And another drink tasted a little like cough medicine but it's prob my taste. They were all pretty strong though.Tapas:- fried brussel sprouts were good, pretty big order- dungeness crab croquettes very good- cheese fondue was served with heating element at the bottom so that was cute.. but fondue itself was just ok- tuna tacos (I think?) were good- beef empanadas were good- ravioli served with green sauce (forget the name).. really liked, it was very creamy- dessert Mexican creme brulee (I think) was goodOverall I think this place tries hard to impress. The dishes have flair and imagination. Service was good. And the prices were reasonable. Definitely something to try.
Hate to do this, but I did have a bad experience.Saturday brunch and the place was about 1/2 full, was seated next to the kitchen area which was nice. Service and food were ok (had to have our waitress redo an order since it was lost or someone else took it by accident). Nevermore, everything was fine, but then a cook came out from the kitchen and asked us to move our table just a little to the left. Reason being was that he needed to have someone take out the trash and our table was in the way. We move our table a little and a large (and quite dirty) recology garbage bin comes strolling next to us and gently grazes our table. The person who took it out apologized to us and went on their way. Not sure if it's policy to take out garbage next to customer tables while they are eating, but Lolo's should consider not doing it at all.After owner contact (changed from 1 star to 2):Looks like my situation was not part of their regular process and more of a one-off. Just a couple of not great things occurred at the same time. Again, nothing terrible happened and I wouldn't discourage people from checking out Lolo's.
Creative, delicious food. Lively, creative decor. Good Sangria. Only negative is that it's too popular now! So hard to get in.
Excellent. Great scene, amazing food, awesome drinks, pretty good service. A pleasure to go for brunch, and the avocado toast with smoked trout is about as good as dishes get.Ceviche is also epic. Keep it up Lolo the lines are well deserved
Lolo is a fun spot to stop by and have some drinks on a Friday night. While the service and drinks were good to start, I was turned off when we were forced to sit at a table halfway through the night. Clearly the waitress wanted tips, but it was later and the place was almost empty. We wanted to stay at the bar, and sitting at the table caused a bunch of bill issues. Lame.
Delicious! Had the tropical taco and the shell was made of jicama! My boyfriend had the beef tacos and he said they were amazing. Cocktails are $11. My only complaint is that they brought my food out five minutes before my boyfriends. I don't like to start eating without him.. But I also don't like watching my food get cold while I'm hungry..  Definitely going back (:
Tapas always hit the spot. I don't frequently go to the Mission to eat, but I'll definitely start coming here more. There are tons and tons of great restaurants in the Mission!I went to this restaurant with a friend who booked reservations ONE WEEK in advance. I didn't believe it! However, upon arriving, I saw how incredibly busy the restaurant was. So glad that we had reservations for 7:00pm on a Wednesday.We ordered a bunch of dishes. Anything on the menu is very good. They also give you complimentary chips and salsa with everything you order. Among the Mexican restaurants in the city, Lolo definitely ranks on my top 3.
Expensive but very worth it!The other place I've been to that serves this type of food is "Colibri" and I'm glad there's a second one "Lolo" which is also owned by a Mexican chef. The food was AMAZING..every flavor, every taco, every drink...Everything they served us was unique and worked perfectly in the mouth, yummy!The tacos were interesting and the flavor combinations as well but it all just works, I don't know how but it just does.Heaven!The decor is fun, with drinks and alcohol even more fun and the waiters are super friendly. We really enjoyed going there and next stop is to try their "Brunch".
I really love Lolo! Seriously, it's so amazing!!!Every single thing I got here, I loved. It was interesting innovative food that was super delicious. I also recommend the sangria here. It's great :)Ambiance is good - trendy and it's got a lot of cool decor that really match the Mexican/Turkish food.Best part about Lolo - it feels really unpretentious. It's not the most popular tapas place in SF ( even though it's great and has a million reviews). It is delicious but it's not overly hyped up. I would definitely come back here time and time again!
What a fun place! We wandered in the other night not knowing anything about it and the place turned out to be a good surprise. Creative, yummy cocktails Flowers and the spirit of summer on the walls Fun and patient server, Elena Right amount of noise, so we could actually talk It was a perfect set for the late Friday night!
I walked into Lolo with high expectations, but was ultimately disappointed. First off, the decor was great. Super colorful, eclectic, weird, and fun. The service was acceptable but not stellar. Our food arrived before our drinks even got there, and the waiter didn't take the time to tell us the specials til we asked if they had any. But hey, water glasses were filled and food came out quickly so why am I complaining? We ordered the guacamole, tacos tropical, salmon ceviche, and beef tacos. The guac was okay--I liked the sizable chunks of avocado in it but not enough flavor for my taste. The tacos tropical were tasty, would recommend those. The ceviche was suggested by the waiter, but turned out to be just not my thing--a bit too fishy. The beef tacos were a solid "meh," good seasoning but the beef was a little tough and the sauce too acidic. I really wanted to like this place. It seemed quirky and fun with delicious food, according to the reviews. But it just didn't hit the spot for me, and I wouldn't return.
Seriously delicious food and cocktails. Our table had to get seconds on the tacos tropical! Surprisingly reasonably priced, especially for SF. The restaurant is in a great area and is decorated eclectically. Highly suggest that you hit this place up! I will definitely be back...Cute side note- apparently the staff eat family style after service every night. :)
One of my top fav restaurants in SF for so many reasons. The cocktails are to die for. definitely try the mescal, hibiscus, balsamic concoction. So good! The menu is great. Some highlights are Kale, Soft shell crab tacos, corn with sour cream, fried oysters and pork cheek tacos.The decor is out of this world!! I love the new location even more. The atmosphere is very fun and festive. But it's really tight and small so I wouldn't recommend bringing a big party. 4 people max I think. It is also pretty hard to get a reservation so I would plan a week and sometimes even two weeks ahead of time.
Too too TOOOOO damn good. Brussel sprouts- amazing. Beef tacos- completely delicious. Squash blossoms- creative and tasty. The cocktails? Oh. My. God!! My fianc had the Windshield and it was great. I had their version of the gin & tonic and had them add a splash of champagne and I was overwhelmed by how good it was. I said "I think this is my new favorite drink!" Like 5 times.
We had the best time at this kitschy, funky restaurant! The decor was crazy creative and the food, delicious. Everything was so fresh. I especially loved the kale salad and avocado/panko tacos...so unique! Can't wait to go back!
Incredibly good food! Even though I didn't have any drinks, they looked amazing. Definitely trying their cocktails next time. When I went, there was a line before the place even opened so I would recommend having a reservation if you don't want to sit at the bar!
Seriously one of the best tapas restaurants ever! I felt like Anthony Bourdain trying such amazing food! My tastebuds couldn't handle all the amazing flavor! The sangria is a good choice if you aren't sure what drink to have. It was so fresh and not diluted like sangrias usually can be. Def coming back!
I recently started a reoccurring food outing with some friends : where every other Tuesday we dine at a different eatery. This past Tuesday, I choose Lol for our Eat of the Week. And, I was pleasantly surprised. From reading some of the lower starred reviews, I was anticipating some bad service. But for the most part it was a great experience, and I will be back! Here are the dishes we ordered:- CORN ON THE COB (with crema and cotija cheese) ALWAYS DELICIOUS (I make this at home quite often) - NOTE: OURS CAME OUT WITH PARMESAN. I kindly asked the server if they ran out of cotija, and they said no, and brought out a bowl of ACTUAL cotija cheese for us. Make sure you know your ingredients!!!- GRILLED ASPARAGUS (with queso fresco and roasted red bell peppers) - the asparagus was cooked nicely (good tenderness/firmness), and wasn't too salty. That with the queso and the roasted red bell peppers made for a light and delicious dish. Clean flavors - SQUASH BLOSSOM and OAXACA CHEESE 'QUESADILLAS' with guac, sour cream, and salsa - this dish is fried, but not as heavy tasting as it looks. Was quite delicious, but a muddled squash blossom flavor.- GAMBAS BRAVAS - basically, it just some shrimp in some tasty oil- HUITALCOCHE - my FAVORITE dish of the night : requeson stuffed wonton wrappers with basil and arugula sauce, and pine nuts. Deliciously light, with a creamy faint "pesto-like" flavor. I want to replicate this dish at home! Come here without any expectations, and you will enjoy yourself. Fortunately for me, the company with which I dined, made it a more pleasurable time! Enjoy! And, eat on!
Lolo was on my list of places I wanted to check out before the end of 2014. Just went dinner tonight and loved my experience. I was expecting a long wait since I heard it gets packed on weekends but we walked in around 7 on a Friday and my friend and I were seated right away in the last open table. Score! First off-- sensory overload in the best way possible. Every single crevice of every nook, cranny, and wall is covered in the most creative and colorful decorations. I found myself just staring at the walls for the first ten minutes. Pair that with the most creative and unique menus = I was sold. My friend and I shared a bottle of red wine & shared 4 tapas -- more than enough, we were stuffed! My favorite was the "taco tropical" and I almost wish we ordered two servings since they were only 1 a piece. The tortillas were made of jicama! I wasn't crazy about the crab croquettes, they were a little too fried. The carnitas also weren't amazing but I definitely give this place a solid 4 stars for ambiance, service, and overall experience. We left very stuffed and satisfied. Best of all we got the chocolate cake dessert thing for dessert (forgot the name but it was like a molten lava cake) and it was SO good. Perfect first date spot or just for drinks with the girls.
Cute tapas style restaurant with two rooms and an outside patio area. We ordered the fried brussel sprouts, octopus tiradito, and the tuna tacon. The brussel sprouts were delicious, the balsamic vinegar made it amazing! The octopus was sliced finely, and almost disappeared when laid on the white plate - however, the smoky taste was a bit overwhelming for us. The tuna tacon came with a spoonful of delicious tomatillo sauce - a great combination!The restaurant also used lots of recyclable products on the walls, on the menus, tablecloths, etc. Casual, fun restaurant in the mission.
Good service and drinks kicked off the evening well. The Ceviche was memorable, the drinks were solid
Amazing tacos and fun environment. Tacos are expense and small but worth it. Have a bunch of different stuff and good bar selection. Good to try every now and again, keep it in your back pocket for date night
Was a little disappointed to see that some of their most popular dishes weren't on the menu (pistachio-crusted salmon, fondue...) Also, the fried brussel sprouts are anything but fried.While I may have had too high of expectations for Lolo based on the previous reviews, this place fell short of my expectations. 3 stars for excellent service and tasty drinks, but all in all, was very upset with the food.
Great dinner! Ambience, decor, food and Sangria. We had the tropical tacos (best), the crab croquetas, beef tacos, empanadas with the flan for desert. Amazing meal! Must try a Sangria, too:)
3 stars for food, but 4 stars for drinks, service and atmosphere. Tapas style, at ~$10-$15 per). Decor is delightfully tacky, in an array of colors and random objects stuck to the walls. Sat at the bar--the bartender is awesome... You can watch him move very quickly and mix drinks with experience and flair. He also has great recommendations for drinks. Food is good, however tacos and such are not nearly as good as Tacolicious. Some dishes were lacking in flavor (carnitas tacos--2 for $15) or too rich (HUITLACOCHE AND REQUESON--Stuffed wonton ravioli with basil and arugula sauce and pine nuts $13), but overall experience was positive. Make reservations before you come.
Super YUMMY.Came here for a birthday dinner. What can I say, sold!I love the food, small portions which was great for us to share and try the menu.Drinks and food are amazing. Service is super friendly.I suggest the beef tacos!Small space, so it can be a wait to be seated and it's cozy. So be prepared to wait or show up early unless you are a smaller group.
Panko-avocado tacos are all you really need in life.
I love this place. They have tons of GF options and their food is phenomenal. The two times I've been here, I've had carnitas, Brussels sprouts, Mexican Benedict, and...of course...Lolo G&T. Everything was superbly prepared. The service was also excellent and the ambiance is a nice casual one. I've also taken my 18 mo old here and been perfectly comfortable so it works if you're looking for a baby-friendly spot.
I haven't had anything I didn't like so far. Friendly servers and fun environment. Drinks are delicious. One of the happiest places in SF.
We came in for a late dinner and were seated within 5 minutes. Although the reservation was for 4 people, we had a 5th person join us last minute and were accommodated accordingly. The drinks were on point albeit a little pricey and the food was great. The brussel sprouts and ceviche especially, were great. The service could have been a little better since we were looking around to make eye contact to ask for things. However, I will definately recommend to friends. Interesting decor and nice music played at the right volume.
This place is awesome. From the decor to the food, I would highly recommend it. We had the guacamole, empanadas, carnitas tacos and the lamb sliders. The tortillas for the carnitas are homemade corn and amazing. The lamb sliders had a great mushroom bernaise that really made them amazing. I'm definately a carnivore, but the vegetarian empanadas knocked it out of the park. This place deserves 5 stars!
Went on Thursday night and grabbed last seats at the bar (other than that the place was completely filled at 6:30p).4 items from the menu were enough to get 2 (fairly hungry) people comfortably full.Taco Tropical - Unique combo of flavors and my favorite.Octopus Tiradito - Unique taste and presentation. Would get again.Gorditas / Friend Brussel Sprouts - Enjoyed it, but average.Service was really good. I'll probably go back and try the other tapas. The drinks looked amazing too.
Every time it's awesome! The hand crafted cocktails are a must...and make sure to try the avocado tacos!!! Yum!!Food, drinks, service, location, A++
Love this place! I have now been here twice and have never been let down by anything on the menu. The first time I went with a girlfriend and we sat at the bar, ordered a bottle of wine and our neighboring diners who were regulars helped us order to perfection. The wine is decently priced along with the outstanding tapas.The second time I went was this last Friday and again I had the best experience. We sat at the bar again since the wait is always forever (Friday night and great food, understandable) and this time we went for craft cocktails and let me tell you, they were amazing. I am a big mezcal fan and had the "Windshield" which wad killer... I had two. I ordered the panko crusted avocado tacos, empanadas, tropical tacos and ravioli. I about died in happiness. There is only one dish I have had here that was good but I didn't love, the lamb sliders; too much sauce that takes away from the lamb like it's trying to mask it and the bun gets soggy. This time we also ordered dessert; ice cream sandwich with chocolate sauce you drizzle over and a port. It was utter bliss. I love Lolo and can't wait to go back but if you know you're going, make a reservation!
Funky and busy bar. Ordered a cocktail though that I struggled to get through as it tasted like rocket fuel. Was a struggle to choose a drink that wasn't based with tequila or mescal.
Love this place! Great food, wonderful, friendly service, and funky, creative decor. Glad to see Valencia Street has not been completely taken over by over-priced restaurants. Favorite dishes include: tuna tacon, taco tropica, meatballs in morita sauce, kale salad, brussels sprouts, and, of course, the cocktails!
Fun and colorful as soon as you walk in. Was seated immediately and service was immediate. We ordered the ceviche, tuna tacon, gluten free chilaquiles with carnitas, and the lamb sliders. Our favorite was the tuna tacon, although everything was flavorful and unique! Awesome tapas
Made reservations for a Friday night dinner, which I highly recommend because they basically turned away everyone that tried to walk-in or told them to come back at 10pm for dinner. So let's go straight to how the food was, shall we? The fried brussel sprouts were pretty good. If I hadn't had delicious brussel sprout chips somewhere else before, I would have said this is my favorite! But, it was still really good. It looks burnt, but you don't taste that burnt taste you would expect from eating something black. We shared the ceviche, but it wasn't the one on the menu. Well we tried, but then the waiter recommended us try the ceviche that was the special of the night which included jalepenos and fried pork skin. I did not regret getting it since it was pretty good. It could have used more acid, but thats because I like ceviche when you can really taste the lemon or lime (I don't know which they put!). If you're a pansy like me, don't try to be cool and eating the peppers with it... my mouth was on fire for a good 5 minutes. Got the tuna tacon and I was really expecting a lot from it considering all the reviews I see talking about it. It wasn't anything special to me... I really liked the sauce but that was about it. It just reminded me of regular ahi tuna that I can get at other places. The lamb sliders was my all time favorite dish of the night. The lamb was moist and it didn't taste gamey at all either. Plus, the fried chips that you can put inside of it made it that much better. Also... even though we finished the sliders, the waiter waited to take away the dish until I was done with the potato chips. DON'T JUDGE ME FOR BEING A CHEAP ASIAN! Of course, if he did take it away, I wouldn't have said anything, I would have just cried deep down inside... but he didn't, even though he cleared away the other empty dishes, so bonus points for him! The taco tropical, they forgot to bring it to us and we had to ask for it... but it came out 30 seconds right after we asked for it. This is probably a close second with the ceviche. I really liked the flavor of mango in the sauce... and the fried seafood thing (mixed with shrimp, fish, and some other stuff) was good too. Wasn't over fried, perfect! I got the sangria as well and it was quite a surprise. If you're expecting something sweet... DON'T. It definitely takes getting used to, but by the end of the meal, I actually liked it.Overall, the meal was really good. Portions are kind of small, but that's the point of tapas so you can order a bunch of other things. Service is friendly. Place is clean. Will definitely recommend and come back in the future!
Fish taco was excellent. I love how unique the tortilla they used for this dish! Nice atmosphere for a quick bite. Well....actually they were pretty busy during dinner time. Worth the short wait tho.
Overpriced. Overrated. Food is not so good. Service is rushed. Don't believe the hype!
The tropical taco is amazing! As are the brussels sprouts (although maybe a tad too greasy). We also tried the fried avocado tacos which I liked as well. The staff was very friendly and kept refilling our chips and salsa. The interior has a fun funky, colorful vibe. Definitely a great spot.
I've been waiting to come here for awhile after seeing an episode of Check Please Bay Area. All 3 diners on the show raved about their experience. They weren't taking any more walk-ins, and the next available table wasn't gonna be available for another 3 hours! However, the hostess was sweet enough to grab me & husband, and point out two available seats at the bar that I didnt notice had suddenly become available after standing around for awhile. We got the tacos tropical and lamb sliders as recommended by the people on the show. Both were so delish. They unfortunately did not have the tamarind margarita that the girl on Check Please Bay Area liked. I got some other drinks that were pretty good. The bartenders were very nice and helpful in recommending cocktails & food.My tips: Call ahead or sit at bar especially if you love trying multiple cocktails.Get the tropical tacos (fried shrimp served in a jicama tortilla with pineapple mango salsa), and the lamb sliders!Il definitely be back next time I'm in the Mission.
The Mexican Eggs Benedict-- yum!!! Paired this with the Lorenita which was exceptional. One complaint--the server took my friends drink when there was still some left. We didn't exactly notice in time to say anything, but when we did she insisted she return a full one on the house. Admirable service to turn around what could have been a not-so-great end to our tasty brunch. Will definitely be returning to try out more of the menu!
Great Tapas bar. I love their drinks menu. One of the best cocktails I have had
Wow, what a difference 7 years makes! The new Lolo space is massive and awe-some. I'm so happy it's obviously doing great. Much more of a destination restaurant. Love the classy authentic and yet coolio Mexican decor very appropriate for the Mission. The servers were similarly authentic and coolio. And the food..delicious!
Not hard to get a table for 3 at 8pm on a friday night without reservations. Their sparkling sangria was light, and good for a long tapas meal. You might get smashed after 3, but not one. So go ahead, have 3 over the duration of your meal. Lamb sliders with mushroom cream (drooling when I think about it), deep fried crispy brussel sprouts, squash blossom quesadilla with chilies, all were fantastic!I was worried small plates = small food = me not full= me paying more $ for more food = very broke and angry Dr. Judge, but I was pleasantly full and happy off 2 plates. Portions are really good for tapas! Perfect for a date night!
The service was great, the drinks were great and the food was delicious. Must order: taco tropical. Also ordered the brussel sprouts, angus beef taco and the special of the day: squid ink sopes. I would want to go back and give other dishes a try because the best one was definitely the taco tropical. I decor was amazing in this restaurant and loved the dogs that surprised you at every corner.
I had a very good evening meal, here, with multiple Tapas--everything was good to very good. The waitstaff was attentive and sweet, and even though the place was filling up faster than a tic on a dog, there was no pressure put on us to leave.Flash forward to a mediocre brunch of bland carnitas, unmemorable guacamole, and a strange tradition of serving the scrambled eggs that are part of the Chilaquiles, 20 minutes after bringing the Chilaquiles.The most objectionable thing was that they had the nerve, and why I will not return, to charge each of us $4 dollars for club soda and 4 dollars for refills, out of a gun, from the Bar. And, mind you, these were diminutive-size glasses; in fact, all four of us had different size glasses, two of which were thimble-size. Carbonated water works out to 2 cents a glass, if even, when it's "bubbleized" from a CO2 tank. Such gouging is beneath the dignity of any restaurant--Gary Dankio's doesn't even charge for club soda refills, and, even then, they charge 1.50 for club soda and all refills.Shame on this restaurant. And stick to what you do best--dinner.Adios!
Met some friends for brunch here today and wow, I was impressed! A comfortable dining room (booths are always awesome), friendly service and delicious food that we could share! The dungeness crab croquetas with garlic aoli, mirador pepper reduction and pickled red onion were amazing! Perfectly seasoned and a great combination of flavors.I had the Mexican Benedict Eggs as my main course. Eggs over gordita, refried beans, creamy poblano sauce and fried shisito pepper. Again, perfectly seasoned and a really tasty sauce. We all wanted to lick our plates clean.Looking forward to my next visit.
I was excited to experience Lolo's new location on Valencia Street after walking by every day during construction. I went to the last location several times and loved the food, had great service and all around great experience. Not this time!I have walked by Lolo Mon-Fri, between 5:30 and 6:30 since the new location opened, and saw many tables open. I figured 6pm on a Thursday night would be perfect to get in before a rush. For a party of 3 we were told there were no tables available all night... in an empty restaurant. The hostess was snappy and RUDE. I asked about the empty tables, wondering if it were possible to seat us before the reservation times (because clearly all ~20 tables were not booked for the exact same arrival time) and she told us "no, there's nothing available." We asked about the bar - she didn't offer this as even an option - and she snapped back that it was open seating. NOTE: We arrived at 6pm - by 7:30pm half of the "reserved" tables WERE STILL NOT SEATED. All of these tables could have turned over at least once, maybe twice, instead of sitting empty for an hour and a half.We took a seat the bar, the bartenders seemed disinterested and were only speaking to each other. When we finally received attention, the bartender was nice enough although not service I was expecting. The food was 'meh' - all things I could make in my own kitchen, nothing spectacular. Maybe with better customer service I would have been more enthused. Neither I nor my two dinner guests will be returning to Lolo and won't recommend to anyone we know.
We had our latest dinner club at Lolo after a few of us had seen it on Check Please and we're so glad we saw it on TV. Our entire experience here was amazing. If you're looking for some funky decorations at a restaurant Lolo's has you covered. There were five of us at dinner and we seriously ordered almost the entire menu. Not one dish disappointed though which is always rare. My highlights were the tuna tacon, beef tacos and carnitas.Excellent spot and we'll definitely be coming back for more.
It was delicious. Fast service and nice staff. Small overpriced portions unfortunately, but I'd go back because it was delicious and the atmosphere is nice :)
First visited last Thur. night after seeing Lol reviewed on Check Please. We were not disappointed. The decor is quite wild & fun. Started with guacamole which was very tasty. The fried brussels sprouts were great & the portion quite large. The carnitas was very moist & flavorful. Can't remember the exact names of other dishes we had but we had nothing we would hesitate to order again, including the tres leches mousse dessert. It was a busy night but the service was excellent and the noise level was not out of control.
When i lived on 22nd Lol was my favorite place to stop into - it flew pretty under the radar for the most part so i could always get a spot with minimal wait. I love the decor the energy and all the food and wine was awesome. I went to the new location for brunch this weekend and was so stoked to see that it lost none of its charm in a larger space and was still serving great food. WE had the brunch fare - ordered WAY too much food but left super happy.
We loved everything we ordered. Ranking included #2.Pork belly #5. empanadas, #4.grilled octopus, #3.fish taco, #1.taco tropical. Really good service - thanks Joel(server at our table . We are definitely coming back.
The staff is great, the food was top notch, the atmosphere was fun, and the service we got in a packed lunch rush was not lacking one bit. Can not wait to go back.
Went here for lunch last Friday (5/9/14). I think the lunch menu is a bit limited, so I'll be back for dinner another time. The lamb sliders and tropical tacos were very memorable. Trendy, clean and comfortable atmosphere.
Simply the best food and drinks in the city. Every bite is amazing. The owner and staff are beyond friendly. I can't get enough of Lolo. If you want a truly amazing dining experience visit. I've been there 5 times. It is my go to restaurant when i was my spirits lifted and eat a damn fine meal. Go Lolo! KALE SALAD is amazing. Do not miss it. It takes kale to a whole new level.TUNA TACON may be my favorite thing on the menu. You've never tasted anything this good. Don't miss PANKO AVOCADO TACOCHICKEN CONFIT 'TINGA' TOSTADASTACO TROPICAL terrific Ask what the specials are and get any or all of them. I swear the food are out of this world. And the staff are top notch and they really seem to love what they do. And the owner clearly loves his life. Oh and all this in the best setting. Bordering on over the top but settles just below it. It looks divine. I've not had the guts to do some selfies against some of there walls but it is playful and uplifting.
Really excited to see Lolo expand its operations. It's grown in popularity really rapidly, and seeing a business like this sustain itself for years to come is impressive. Their service staff managed our dinner for eight really well through out the night, kept the tapas dishes and drinks coming steadily out of the kitchen and bar. With an expansive menu, sticking to the more Jaliscan menu is where you go, including ordering anything seafood, like the a calamari escabeche. This place really represents how fine dining in this city is, where we don't need table cloths or coats required, it's fine just the way it is: exceptional and exceptionally authentic.
I used to love this place when they were in their old location - it was cozy, warm, the waiters were friendly, and the food was fantastic. Unfortunately, I went to their new location last Saturday night and had one of the worst restaurant experiences of my life. We called in at 6pm for a table of four, were told we'd be seated by 7:30, arrived at 7:15, and proceeded to wait three hours for a table. The hostess was extremely disorganized, seemed to lose track of tables, and repeatedly told us we'd be seated next only to seemingly seat whoever was standing in front of her at the time. We were finally able to get a table only when we tracked down the owner and told her we'd be leaving immediately if we weren't seated next. While we waited we tried a few different drinks off their cocktail list- all tasted watered down. Given my prior experiences with the restaurant, when we sat down I still hoped that the food would make it worth it. Unfortunately the expansion seems to have had an effect on the quality of the food as well - the brussel sprouts were cold and poorly seasoned, the lamb burgers were mediocre. Save yourself some stress and anxiety and find another place for dinner.
I'm in Love with the LOLO!!! (If you don't know what song I'm referring to, it's okay we all get a little bit older everyday)
Lolo has delicious food and drinks. The kale is nothing special, but the refreshing apples and light cotija make a great combo. I also had the taco tropical with shrimp atop a jicama tortilla. I'd never had a jicama tortilla and while it fell apart at certain points (doesn't every tortilla?), it didn't feel as decadent but was rich with flavor. The empanadas with mushrooms were also delicious and definitely were rich and hearty.
Decent brunch place, no line at 11:30am on a Sunday. The avacado toast was pretty tasty and my friends mexican eggs benedict tasted a bit bland but was decent. Came once before and got the civiche and that was really flavorful but not a meal on its own.
I have been going to Lolo for a few years now and have always found the food quite delicious. During my most recent visit the temperature was unpleasantly hot. It has always been on the warm side (both locations), but this made the dining experience way less pleasant. My friends and I ordered several dishes and quickly learned one of them was not available. The waitress brought back the menu but never came to check on a replacement dish. Eventually she came and told us her shift was over and that her colleague would be taking over our table. That waitress never came, but merely brought our check a few minutes later. It was a bad combination of poor service and communication. There are enough good food options in the Mission that I am not sure I am interested in returning to Lolo.
Authentic Mexican food and drinks. They have nice bar and perfect ambience for dinner. Loved the drinks from the menu.
Excellent experience - love the fun and colorful decor in the restaurant. Definitely had a buzz there. The food was very very good. We liked every biteful. The Panko Fish Tacos and Beef Tacos were one of our favorites. Kales Salad tasty and fresh - need to figure out how to make it. We liked the dumpling dish but felt a wee bit short changed on the amount of dumplings with the ratio of sauce. We would definitely go back - so many other items on the menu we'd love to try.
Remarkable experience. Genuinely friendly and fun staff. Incredible food. We got the tacos tropical and they were possibly the best thing carrying the name "taco" I have ever put in my mouth. The mezcal cocktail our waiter recommend was a perfectly refreshing balance of smokey agave and lightly sweet fruit. The decor and overall aesthetic of the venue matches the vibrant creativity and passion that is self evident in the food. Be careful, other establishments may emanate mediocrity after dining here. Bravo Lolo!
Absolute favourite spot in SF! The food is all exquisite...would particularly recommend Brussel sprouts, ceviche, tuna tacos, carnita, steak, avocado tacos...the list goes on! Really good quality food and cocktails and great atmosphere. On Saturdays you usually need to put your name down and come back an hour or so later.
Loved the food, the ambiance, and the specialty drinks! Will definitely go there again many times.
What happened :(. My favorite restaurant in the city.. my favorite food in the world... it changed when they moved locations. The quaintness and soul of the little restaurant on 22nd St has been replaced with just another Valencia St. restaurant. The biggest problem - The TUNA TACON!!! (read my first review) We ordered it at the new place and it has completely changed. They no longer put a shellfish aioli sauce on it and the tuna piece-to-tortilla ratio is off. It was still "good" but no where near the "dynamite flavor" I got from the original. I really can't believe how sad I am about a dish changing, but it really was the "best thing I ever ate" at the old place. They also no longer offer the delicious bread as an appetizer when you first walk in.In other news, Juan Carlos was still just as charming and friendly as always. He let us know that the other Lolo is still open because they couldn't get out of the lease. We're going to try that place again to see if they still hang on to the old ways.We miss the charm, flavor and love that we felt in the old place. I really hope this is just growing pains.
I was instantly mesmerized by the bold, colorful, conversation-starting decor, including salvaged car doors hung in neat lines along the back wall, pick-up truck seats instead of dining chairs, and bright, sunny, tropical images adorning the walls. The menu is a welcome, creative detour from the standard taqueria-style fare that epitomizes most Mexican-themed restaurants in S.F.  The service, while friendly, feels harried and uneven at times, though we were mostly grateful for the slow pace so we could savor the food and conversation. Our first bites were of the Brussels sprouts, pan-fried crisp with caramelized shallots and a good quantity of whole hazelnuts. The sprouts were finished with a tangy vinaigrette that really brought out the flavor, and the dish was our unconditional favorite of the evening. Next up was the shredded kale salad, a nice rendition with cheese and apples and a pleasant dressing. One of my companions, never a fan of either sprouts or kale, was ready to permanently modify his diet after these two dishes were in the books.The meatballs were a hit, and came in a shallow skillet with a decadent and ample sauce of pureed eggplant (mostly) with a little bit of cream. The wait staff insisted that everyone thinks the sauce is mostly cheese, and delighted in preempting any confusion we might have had on the issue. I enjoyed dipping the grilled bread into the sauce to ensure none went to waste. The special of the night was a tasty braised, cubed pork belly which was more tender and less fatty than most of its counterparts, and was served atop a chewy hot arepa (or something closely approximating one).  The only real disappointment I had came in the form of the taco tropical, which featured a few reasonably decent fried shrimp with a spicy aioli that dominated the overall taste, a fact I noticed when I had trouble discerning the tropical relish advertised on the menu. I was discouraged, too, by the choice of a thin disk of jicama instead of a corn tortilla as the conveyance mechanism for the taco - I respect the uniqueness of the decision, but it didn't really work.Lolo is a very fun place to eat and to look around, both at the people and the avant-garde decor. I never went to its old location on 22nd, but early reviews suggest the new space is a significant upgrade.
We made a reservation at 6. We were seated at around 9. The wait was long the scorching heat was pretty painfull. Luckily the food was on point. The drinks: weak sauce. Just get liquor if you are here to predrink. If your into weak sauce cocktails this is your spot. Ok this may sound harsher than it actually was. But we could've at least been tampered down with some freebies. Naw not even. The food was good. But they need to figure their logistics out. Tip: come here in a tank top. Get the tuna tacos. It's worth it.
Great brunches
Come here if you're looking for a fun venue where you can split Mexican-inspired tapas and wash it all down with a decent selection of beers. Yes, Gentlemen, this is a great place for a casual date. I had the heavily-spiced-in-a-good-way octopus tiradito and ceviche all to myself, which I wasn't too disappointed about, despite my love of sharing food with others.I also tested out my vegetarian date's brussel sprouts and mushroom ravioli with a basil argula sauce and pine nuts, both of which were good enough to enforce my love of having others share their food with me.  Watch out for the portion sizes, though. Each "tapa" could have been an entree dish. In retrospect, I think we could have been fine ordering three dishes for the two of us, since there was a lot of food that went uneaten. It's restaurants like this one that make me so happy I live near the Mission.
All in what we ordered was great..but 2 notables, Shrimp Diablo and the Kale Salad....and it may say something about me to also mention the margaritas, which were also perfect. The atmosphere was casual yet eclectic. A great night Lolo. A recommendation for the visitors to this great city...don't walk to the restaurant via Mission St north side. It was a little seedy before we moved to Valencia St. Overall, great 2 thumbs up for Lolo
I've been going periodically to Lol for a while, probably once a week.EVERYTHING at Lol (food-wise) is top notch: avocado tacos, tuna tacos, lamb burgers, kale salad, the brunch eggs, everything is amazing and very well done. Staff is attentive and they have good service.4 stars because one time I went there and they had a 3-hour wait which I find ridiculous for them to even say that. Next day, I went with a reservation and still had to wait for like 20 minutes.
Really cute little spot with a unique menu! One of my favorite spots we went to in SF. Delicious, original and tasty Mexican food
Had been meaning to try Lolo now they are in their new location. We had a res for four people, and we did need to wait almost 30 minutes past our reservation time to be seated. The upside was, we were in a booth - we love a booth. We ordered 4 margaritas and they took quite a while to come out. All that waiting made us thirsty. But it was worth it, one of the top 10 marg's ive consumed (and there have been a few).The food was interesting, taco tropical with pinapple and crumbed shrimp. Really unique, quite sweet but a good thing to try. The food was presented well, and depsite the speed issues, the staff were great, our main server dancing while she talked to us.Fun place! Recommended for drinks and snacks! Probably better mexican entrees on the same street though.
Mexican style tapas are delicious. Good place for 2 ppl to shareQUALITY: 4 stars-cheese fondue: great sharing dish with unlimited chips-taco dishes were 2 crunchy tortillas each with shredded meat on top. Tasty-carnitas were make your own taco with some guac and salsa. More filling -free bread had really good tomato based sauce-lamb sliders are a must PRICE: 3 stars-get full for about $25 not including drinks. -6 dishes cost about $65 for 3 of us-about 2-3 dishes a person to get fullSERVICE: 3 stars-took a little bit to get the order in-food came out pretty quick and steadily tho-small seating in one room, bigger dining area in other with full barOVERALL: great food, good date spot for the price, with a wide drink selection
Made reservation for 7:30pm on a Friday night and waited about 10 minutes for the hostess to seat us. In order to get to our table, we had to squeeze through a wall of people at the bar. We ordered a piha colada & margarita...they tasted the same...we couldn't taste any coconut in the piha colada at all. For dinner we ordered 1) TACO TROPICAL, a bit too sweet for our taste.2) MEZCAL BBQ GORDITAS, extremely messy to eat & the blue corn masa pockets are bland & chewy. The pulled short rib is tasteless without the extra BBQ sauce they give you on the side.3) CRAB CROQUETAS, there is ABSOLUTELY ZERO crab meat in them. $8.5 for 4 tiny croquetas, would it kill them to put in some real crab meat.4) MAHI MAHI with asparagus, the fish is cooked right, but for $17, would it kill them to get some fresher asparagus. The asparagus were so fibrous, even our forks can't pierce thru them. 5) BERRY TRIFLES, highlight of our night, but how can you go wrong with mascarpone cream & berries?We spent $100 including tips for 2; this is definitely one of those overhyped places that I won't be rushing back to...ever.
This review is just for the fact that I ate here. I've been eating at a ton of places lately but I keep forgetting where I eat (I eat out a lot). So, my new 2014 New Year's Resolution is to write exactly where I eat. I ate here. It was delicious. I'm happy. RECOMMENDATIONS: 1. Huitlacoche & Requeson Ravioli with a basil argula sauce topped with pine nuts: This dish was recommended by a drunk 40 year old blonde woman (sitting next to us) who had quite the fun personality. In her college years she was a fun drunken student, and at times a raging pothead; as she said: "I could out drink 4 frat guys." She also gave samples of the dish to us. I trust real people like her. It was good. Delicious.P.S. The person she was with (a guy who was obviously in the friendzone)... wasn't really profoundly gregarious: when she left to go to the bathroom, he just sat there, motionless. *YAWN* OTHER DISHES: 2. taco tropical (panko crusted shrimp with a daikon "tortilla" with a spicy aioli and salsa):Yum. Yum. The serving wasn't enough... ME. WANT. MORE. IN. MY. MOUTH.3. dungeoness crab croquettes:So GOOOOOOD. 4. octopus tiradito with smoked chili flakes:Not bad. Thinly sliced to a point where I had trouble seeing what I was eating. ---OTHER THINGS THAT MIGHT NOT MATTER, BUT MIGHT MATTER:SEATING:It's good for like 2-4 people (you'll wait most 20minutes). Once you get into the 5+ range... you're going to be like "wow. This wait is taking too long." If you're trying to impress someone on a first date without spending a lot of money all awhile still being in a cute environment... this place is pretty cool. SURROUNDING:You're in the mission district: you always think you'll get robbed because of how dirty the sidewalk is and how dark it is... but you should be fine.
Wow! How rude! We sat at the at the bar tonight and much to my surprise we experienced the single worst service we have received from any restaurant in a very long time. We ordered 5 food items and two drinks. And that is what we got. No plates, we asked twice, we shared one fork between the two of us. Asked for a second drink we never got, everyone around got water, chips and salsa sampler, plates, forks and napkins. We used cocktail napkins for plates and shared a fork between us. We we completely ignored while sitting in front of three bar service people. UNREAL! I mentioned our challenges and experience to the hostess who never uttered a single word but managed to give me a blank look a mere unfeeling smile of bemused condescension. Not a word of apology, empathy or understand. I mean really....not a single word just a blank stare. It seems that the restaurant while very busy and thankfully very successful for them seems to have forgotten the foundation of the service industry......good service!
Pretty great Mexican tapas. I'm generally drawn to unique tastes in food, and Lolo did not disappoint. The drinks were great -- I had The Player, a mix of whiskey, artichoke liquor, and grapefruit bitters. Sweet but not TOO sweet. My friend and I ordered 6 tapas (a bit too much food for two guys). 10/10 -- tropical taco. Tasted great, but the real winner was the almost-jarring texture: crispy and juicy in a way I had never known before. 9/10 -- Dungeness crab croquettes. These were warm, creamy, and delicious. I have no idea really what they were or how to make them, but the crab was not overwhelming and was just the right amount.5/10 -- carnitas. Came with warm, thick, homemade corn tortillas, a big plus in my book, but the pork was pretty bland. Might be because this came last, when we were pretty stuffed...8/10 -- empanadas with poblano peppers, oaxacan cheese, and portobello mushrooms. Fantastic with just the right amount of fried fattiness. Not too much, in other words. Guacamole was pretty standard, and I don't remember what the last tapa was. Woops.
I think I have tried almost every dish on Lolo's menu and I have never run into a bad one.The Gambas Bravas are swimming in delicious garlic butter and you must order more bread to sop up the shrimp butter. The Grass Fed Meatballs come three to a bowl and are served on top of a roasted eggplant puree that is so good, you'll mistake the eggplant for a cream sauce.Oh, and get the Fried Brussel Sprouts because they are not the brussel sprouts you hid under the table or fed to the dog as a kid. The Mushroom Quesadillas are a bit on the ordinary side. I mean really, how hard is it to throw some mushrooms in a quesadilla you can make at home. However, if you're looking for a down home quesadilla, this is it.The last time I was there, they had a daily special of mussels so be sure to ask what today's special is. My only complaints are that the place is definitely a bit pricey, especially for the neighborhood restaurant vibe it's going for, and the small plates are definitely small. If you go in knowing that, you're bound to enjoy the food much more.
This is just a classy joint. What can I say? I miss the old location, but the new one is fantastic too. The place was hopping on a Monday night! So glad to see this business thrive in the new local economy, such as it is. Tonight I got to watch them prepare fresh hand-made tortillas in the kitchen. It had never occurred to me before that even the tortillas were made from scratch. Go, have a cocktail or two, order a bunch of yummy dishes to share with your friends, see if you can decide exactly which barman is the cutest, and enjoy!
best tuna and fish tapas. DEF get it :)
I went here for my birthday with a group of 5. We managed to snag a reservation day of which is supposedly pretty hard to do. There was a long line of people waiting/trying to negotiate a table so that's a plus. The decor is very bizarre but I like the character it brings to the place. There were a bunch of oragami hats on the side of the restaurant we were seated in which was well.... unique.I was disappointed by the lack of sangria pitchers since that was one of reasons I chose a tapas place, oh well. I got a margarita instead which was good but not amazing. My friend's cocktails were much better...unfortunately I can't remember what they ordered!We got 7-8 tapas that were each unique. We ordered the guac but the restaurant never gave it to us :( I really loved tacos and the cheese fondue thing. Yum!!They also bring your check in a mini boot which was adorable. Overall good experience. I'd come back but I'm not dying to anytime soon.
Excellent food.  Pork Belly, empanadas (best i have had) and Lamb Sliders cost the two of us $43.00 including tax and tip out the door.  Will be back soon to try there other dishes especially the octopus. Great flavors and one of the best restaurants to eat in San Francisco and open late. 11pm on weekdays and 1am on Fri and Sat.
we went here for a late lunch, they were still serving their brunch menu. Their food was really good, and the decor is just stunning, I am in love with the vibrant colors. We liked the beef tacos and the sliders.
10-November, Saturday:If Jonathan Alder decided to open up a Spanish tapas restaurant, this is what I assume the general vibe would feel like. You enter a cozy sized anteroom with some squished tables and seating, then after a few twists in and turns through the rabbit hole in an Alice in Wonderland-esque fashion one is confronted with the high contrast party that never ends and felt as if frozen in amber -it was quite a lot to absorb all at once. Oversized plastic lady bugs perched upside down, as the Polkadot light shades adorn the long bar with dangly pom poms, tactile woven back rests for back table seating. A sea of origami boats line the back wall behind the bar, the Isadora refried beans posters decoupaged onto bathroom door (very humorous!)While the theatrics of the atmosphere itself is lightly playful, and the staff friendly and welcoming.. When it came down to the food I was completely surprised by the juxtaposing seriousness. I had croquetas filled with black ink squid and shishito peppers plaited on a slate slab, with some aioli, and pickled onion for a hint of spice on the side. The oxtail empanadas were well seasoned and flavorful, with fresh crisp red cabbage. All was perfectly complimented by my Black Mojito (as it would appear I ate in a themed colorized manner for the night) Kraken rum, vanilla mint, meyer lemon all melded together for a subdued tart molasses type of sweetness.Cheques delivered in little booties -too cute!
Lolo puts Cha Cha Cha to SHAME...My first tapas experience was 9 years ago at Cha Cha Cha and I loved it. However, each year it seems to get progressively worse (i.e. quality) and I've learned there are far more superior places to go for tapas. Lolo is a prime example; all the tapas are made with top-notch ingredients and are packed with BOLD Turkish flavors with a Latin flair. On Wednesday, 6.22.11, I came to Lolos for dinner with my cousin and his wifey. I tried making reservations on OpenTable for 6 PM but they didn't have that time available. However, when I tried calling, they had 6 PM available so if you're looking for a day/time that's not available online, call Lolo instead. F O O DEach dish is made for two people, however, they can add an extra taco or slider to the order for three people. *SEASONAL SPECIAL: Softshell Crab Tacos w/ Peanut Sauce ($21 for 3) - 5 STARS!yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMDDELICIOUSLY SCRUMPTIOUS!!! The softshell crabs were fried to golden brown and were light and crispy. You can tell it was uber fresh as the crab was tender with a succulent sweetness. The aioli sauce added a creamy layer with a tangy bite. *LAMB SLIDERS On Brioche & Porcini Mushroom Sauce ($10 for 2) - 4.5 STARS!yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMDTucked between two buttery toasted brioche buns was one of the most juiciest and flavorful lamb patties I've ever had. The creamy porcini sauce was amazing and added a profound depth of savory and earthy flavor to the sliders. *PISTACHIO ENCRUSTED SALMON w/ Wasabi Cream Sauce ($11) - 4.5 STARS!yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMDPerfectly seared to a rare, the salmon was delicately soft and moist. The pistachio gave it a nice, nutty crispness while the wasabi added an ever so light nose tingle. *GORDITAS - Blue Corn Masa w/ Beef Short Ribs, Avocado, Roasted Three Chili Sauce & Pickled Onions ($18 for 3) - 4 STARS!yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMDTender, melt-in-your-mouth short ribs topped the fresh corn masa. The avocado added a buttery layer while the chili sauce added a fiery kick and the pickled onions a burst of tanginess. *HEARST RANCH MEATBALLS Slow Cooked in Morita Sauce ($14) - 4 STARS!yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMDServed in a cast iron pot, the meatballs were very rustic. They had a good sear on the outside which helped maintain the juiciness inside. The morita sauce was savory and tangy with a slight kick. I love the addition of the cream sauce which added a layer of richness. Don't forget to use the complimentary bread to sop up all the yummy deliciousness from the sauce!*OXTAIL TOASTADA w/ Capers, Morito Peppers, Rancho Gordo Orca Bean Puree & Fresh Cream ($8 for 2) - 3.5 STARS!yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMDAtop the crispy toastada was a heaping mound of soft, tender shredded oxtail meat that had a hearty beefy flavor. I didn't care much for the capers or the bean puree as it slightly hindered the meaty flavor, but the fresh cream gave it a nice creamy zip.S E R V I C EJUST OK. Service could have been much better especially when we were the only party in one of the dining rooms, but I'm not going to knock off a star because the food was delicious through and through! Our server was friendly but it felt contrived. Our foodrunner/buslady had a permanent sour face tattooed to her face; it doesn't hurt to smile once in a while does it? The food came out very quickly though which I appreciated. A M B I A N C E / D E C O RFunky and eclectic with its tropical theme and bright patterns, Lolo is a great place to come for a casual date or with a group of friends. There are two dining areas; one with all sit down tables and the other with one long communal table with sit down tables. I thought the "chirping" sound effect in the bathroom was a nice touch adding to the tropical theme.P A R K I N GEasy street parking before 6 PM on weekdays and challenging parking thereafter and on weekends. The nearest garage is on 21st/Mission. Lolo is the place to go for amazingly delicious tapas because Cha Cha Cha is so 2000 and late (yes, I secretly wish I was Fergie).
My first experience at Lolo was absolutely wonderful. Despite the fact that our waiter was truly hustling he was attentive and friendly. When I inquired about the heat level in the Mexican Eggs Benedict sauce he kindly brought a sample from the kitchen for me to try.  The sauce was rich and nicely spicey-just the right about of richness and kick. It was truly a delicious dish. The red and green sauces served with the complimentary chips were also nicely spiced and delicious. Then there was my experience at brunch today. From the moment we sat down our waitress made us feel unwelcome. When my friend informed her that she was allergic to beans and could something be substituted for them she asked, "like what?" in a very surly and put out tone. My friend responded that as she did not know what else might be available perhaps she could ask the kitchen. The waitress returned and said that the beans were just a spread on top of the tortilla. My friend again told her that she was allergic and could not eat beans. Again, the waitress asked what she wanted then. My friend said, "how about avocado." We then asked if we might have separate checks and she well I'll write them up together and you can divide it up at the end. We responded by saying very politely that we would appreciate separate checks. Our food arrived and we had not been served the chips or salsa so had to ask for them. The Eggs were a disappointment this time. The sauce was very bland with no spice what-so-ever and the eggs very overcooked. I was very disappointed as I had raved about this dish and Lola to my friend. Had this been my first experience at Lola I would not return. However, given my first very satisfying experience I will give it one more try and see how it goes.
LOVE this place. I keep going back, so it's about time a write a review.Shrimp Tacos: DELISH! they use a slice of jicama instead of a tortilla which results in a light, fresh and crisp taco.Brussel Sprouts: EXPLOSION in my mouth. seriously. my bf and i both had bulging eyes after our first bite and proceeded to demolish these.I don't really remember what else we had, but it was all good. Shrimp tacos + brussel sprouts are def the standouts though.
These tapas are more filling than you'd expect! The taco flour shells are homemade and have the best consistency ive ever tasted. The decor is pretty unique as well which is a nice plus.. You get a baby's size shoes to hold your check at the end!!
Today, probably, the best Latin American fusion restaurant in town! Great drinks! We sited at the bar and we LOVED watching our waiter making drinks for us. We had a few drinks and me decided to get a bit crazy with the order as we wanted to try different items in the menu. Large portions (which is very good) and great simple taste. Can't wait to go back!
We saw them on Check Please! then read Yelp reviews decided to give a try....Fun and festive. Family based partnership also has restaurants in Mexico. Fun and imaginative decor. Tables for two and tables for large groups all work well together in one large room with tall ceilings and lots of stuff on the walls from car doors to origami boats. Car mirror chandelier overhead led me to a bad joke about how many times i'd see myself right after a big earthquake but it was fun to look up at.Ambience is colorful, loud and friendly. Made reservations for two on a Saturday evening and we got the call that our table was ready as we walked in. $70 for two including tax and tip to share six tapas plus one glass of wine. We were full and satisfied so skipped dessert which had ice cream kinds of choices plus lots of agave drinks and agave flights.The tapas - small plates: Regular one page menu plus three specials offered. Really nice variety of tastes and textures. Beets arrived first and were actually a little filling for a starter but very appealing presentation and tasty. Brussels Sprouts sauteed nicely in a generous portion. Like the Beets a little filling for an early dish but we let the Beets stay with us as a side dish. (I'm getting a little weary of fried Brussels Sprouts which have suddenly turned up everywhere in recent months or years, even in sushi places. You might want to try other things on the menu but only because they have several other good things to try.)Taco Tropical with panko and shrimp was great. Tuna Tacon was lighter with a sauce that tasted fruit based served in spoons on the side and the wrappers made of jicama were just a little crunchy surrounding the soft textured albacore and avocado. The look and feel of this dish was spare and elegant and very pretty and sticks with me perhaps a little more than all the rest though loved them all.Crab Coquetas were lightly crusty outside creamy tasty inside as one might expect and yes could taste the crab. Huitlacoche Ravioli was classy and subtle in a nice sauce topped with pine nuts and worked well as the final dish. Large flat soft wonton-ravioli. Similar to the part pot sticker squash ravioli which i order often at Samovar but softer and in a little bit larger bowl and the sauce was generously served. Attentive service from several staff with a steady flow of fresh plates, forks and knives and water. Located on the west side of Valencia Street between 21st and Liberty i.e. just north and west of Valencia and 21st. Easy parking at the 21st Street garage.
Not a tapas bar in the traditional sense, but Mexican tapas. The taco tropical was amazing! The tortilla was not flour or corn, but something else and it had an amazing texture that worked well with the flavors. The Brussels sprouts were cooked absolutely perfectly and were a surprise standout of the meal. I also had a light and refreshing watermelon and gin-based cocktail that was perfect to accompany the meal.
Probably my favorite restaurant in SF, in regards to ambience. Yeah, that's right. I like the tacky restroom and the overly-decorated lolo's... the decorations are fantastic, from floor to wall. My friends and I walked in around 9 pm, starving and ready to experiment. We were seated right away on a saturday night without a reservation, but don't get me wrong- this place was loud and packed.As soon as we sat down, we found out our waiter was peruvian like us! this made the entire dining experience so fun, since we were saying jokes back in forth in spanish.Now, for the food. Damn, this is the best tapas restaurant. It's not pretentious. It's so weird and you don't think you'll get full, but you will!We ate:The Guacamole: five stars. you have to get this. just do it.Taco Tropical: five stars.Lamb sliders: mouth-watering, earth-shattering, tummy-rumbling.Empanadas: as good as they come.and had a pitcher of strong sangria. We left around 12 am, completely happy, satisfied, and ready to continue on the rest of our journey.. since we were on mission, we decided that would be a cafe that happened to be playing great jazz.I recommend coming here with a few friends if you're willing to goof around, experiment with your taste buds, and to get a nice buzz.
Definitely will be coming back here. The food was great, drinks were great and strong, the service was above par. I wasn't expecting it to be as noisy as it was, but acclimated quickly.
Lol is my new love. Their margaritas are excellent, and they make kale taste fantastic! I tried most of the vegetarian things on their menu. Everything was so nicely cut, cooked, and presented. I could distinguish the taste of everything on the tacos and in the flautas. Trying them for brunch at the earliest opportunity!
Went during lunch so I wasn't able to try a lot of the dishes that I was looking forward to trying. The Brussel sprouts were definitely the highlight of my meal. Nobody has been able to fry them to perfection the way that Lolo does. My chilaquiles were bountiful in cheese and tasty but I did wish that there was some meat to it. They start off your meal with chips and fresh salsa so try not to eat all of them before your meal the way I did!
Great food. Great atmosphere.
Tuna Tacon! Tuna Tacon! Tuna Tacon!!! This place was recommended to us by a hotel employee who had a knack for great Mexican food. This place has fantastic food. Normally you go to a restaurant and think, "Well, I could make this better at home". Not true for Lolo. From the fresh, hand-made tortillas to the sauces, this place is top notch and impossible to reproduce.
I had been once before to their old location and I was very pleased with the selections. Tapa style Latin fashion would be my description. Cozy good service with a very creative colorful recycled ethnic Mexican themed decor. Tonight I decided to visit the new location and I was very impressed. The place looks stunning; very unique, colorful and the attention to detail in very corner is admirable. The menu is simple yet flavorful and very satisfying. We order the ceviche which in my opinion was one of the best I've had in a while. The jicama and orange juice defiantly made a difference. Very fresh, very tasty! The huitlacoche ravioli although not exactly what I was expecting it was delicious and unique. We the ordered the beef tacos; equally amazing and the some empanadas. We were very happy so far but we decided to explore the dessert menu just to see ... we settled for the cajeta crambule. Wow! Again the best I've had. I am defiantly coming back. Suerte!
really cute and fun place for tapas. lots of great choices and the they're all quite good. ambiance is really nice as well. only thing that i wish they had was pitchers of their sangria.... how can you just sell sangria by the glass?!
We three had a great Father's day brunch. Service was excellent. The food delicious. The drinks tasty and refreshing. Nice atmosphere. Cool interior. great location.
The decor is fabulous at this place! Very quirky and eclectic. I wanted the food to be just as good and unique, but it didn't even come close. We got the fried Brussels sprouts, which was quite good. But the gorditas and tinga tostadas were flavorless and totally forgettable! I hope they change their menu up one day soon. Then we will come back and give this place another chance!
New location, updated review. First off, I hate Yelp reviews that start "I really wanted to love this place..." That being said, I really wanted to love the new Lol. Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed across the board.First off, I love the whimsical nature of the new space (I love me some whimsy) The decor is bright and vibrant and sets the scene for a fun meal. Across the board, everything was fine but nothing excited. Chips were good and they kept refilling the bowl without asking but the guacamole ($7) was under seasoned and bland. Shishito Peppers ($7) were nice but it's really hard to mess that up. The Brussel Sprouts ($6) were cooked well but were drowning in some sort of balsamic marinade that made them way too acidic. Panko Avocado Tacos ($9) were good but $9 for two veggie tacos seemed almost comical. We also ordered a special of Stuffed Squash Blossoms ($9) that were fine but we had no idea they were deep fried until they arrived at our table. If the waiter would have described them as such (or to be fair we could have asked how they were cooked) we probably would have avoided them as we already had so many fried dishes. Drinks were good but again, $11 for a margarita seemed a bit steep considering it was pretty pedestrian. Maybe we ordered wrong. Or maybe I'm just a cynical old fart who is tired of 'new and improved' being code for 'prices going up across the board' Either way, I doubt I'll give the new Lol another chance.
The food is delicious but the service is really annoying. Made a reservation on a Monday night for 7:30 but felt rushed throughout our entire meal. The waitstaff kept interrupting trying to clear our dishes when we were still nibbling and the wine pours were really skimpy, too. I think I'll stick with the original Lolo's on 22nd Street. The atmosphere is more enjoyable.
While the food here is very good, we had a really bad experience this past Saturday. Drinks were served after the food started arriving; one order came very late (the waiter kept saying, "oh, it's not here yet?" -- clearly it's not if we have to keep asking for it!) Also, it was really, really hot inside the restaurant -- to the point that we finally decided we had to just forget the rest of the meal and leave. There was still an item that had never arrived, so we asked that it be removed from the bill. The waiter said ok but then never removed it. When I pointed that out, he said it would be a few minutes more and then we could take it with us -- ummm, no thank you! He finally took it off the bill and we left.It's unfortunate that the service is so bad because the food is good, but there are so many other great places in the city, especially in that area, that unless the service improves, this will be the latest has been...
Food was really mediocre. The seared tuna tacos were really bad (tuna was chewy - I could not even eat the full taco). Brussels sprouts were good and the shrimp Diablo worth eating but not worth going back for at all. Bummer- this place is around the corner from me.
This could be my new favorite Mexican restaurant in the Mission (no joke!).It's funny, too - because just the other day someone asked me for a recommendation of a good Latin restaurant near Valencia Street. That's like asking someone for a good Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, or a decent Italian joint in North Beach. There are so many options, that my mind went blank (sort of like Foodie stage fright).In any case, I happened to stumble upon Lolo this Saturday at my sister's birthday party. Located on 22nd Street (between Mission & Valencia), this place is a delicious fiesta. Don't expect fancy; just expect fun! Be sure to make reservations, because this place is hoppin'. Otherwise, be prepared for a long wait outside. I was thoroughly impressed with their cocktail program. I had one of the best margaritas in my life. It was called the Domesticated Wolf (tequila, pineapple juice, agave, and a spicy rim). I could've had 10 of those bad boys, but I was driving. I also had a sip of their house margarita, and that was also tasty.Our dinner party pretty much sampled/shared most of the kitchen's menu items. We started off with the spicy Guacamole and chips. I know - not the most creative starter in the world. And I must confess - I'm not the biggest guac fan. But this creamy goodness was unreal. I think I ate the whole bowl by myself. Other de-lish dishes included: the Fried Brussel Sprouts (with shallots, hazelnuts, zinfandel vinaigrette); the Taco Tropical (panko and spice-dusted shrimp, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioli); the Poc-Chuc (achiote marinated grilled pork tenderloin, roasted habanero sauce, grilled onions); the Lamb Sliders; and the Mezcal BBQ Gorditas (blue corn masa pockets filled with mezcal BBQ angus pulled short rib, guacamole and cabbage slaw on the side). Every dish was tastier than the next. It's been a while since my taste buds were treated to so many different flavors in one meal.We definitely did not walk out of there hungry. The service is great. All the servers were friendly and helpful with menu suggestions even though the place was super slammed. This place totally rocks, and I can't wait to go back. So now the next time someone asks me what my favorite Latin restaurant is in the Mission, I have an answer: Lolo!P.S.Rumor has it that the restaurant owners are getting ready to open up a spin-off right around the corner on Valencia Street. Can't wait to check it out!
Love it! Carlos is the best server ever!!!!Pineapple drink! 5 stars! Love it!Guacamole - 5 stars. Nice and spicy!Peppers - 5 stars. Be aware.. Very spicy. Loved it!Bread and spread - 4 stars. Ceviche scallop special - 4 stars. Very goodFondue - this was good as well. 3 starsKobe beef tacos - these were very good. We got two orders of these. 5 starsShort ribs - yummy!  I could have eaten a few orders of these! They were like butter! 5 starsGambia bravas - I really enjoyed these. They had a solid garlic taste without being too strong. 5 starsI have been here a few times and really enjoy it. There is some outside seating and the neighborhood is really lively! There are few really good bars to visit after a meal here!
Classic Mission favorite!! The food is outrageously delicious, inventive, creative, fresh, and keeps you coming back. The Octopus Tiradito is unique - in all of SF you won't find anything quite like it! Tissue paper thin, covered in Skoked Paprika, olive oil, lemon juice and salt crystals. Tuna Tacoma with a sauce that takes days to make and is indescribably delicious. Chicken Tingas, ceviche, empanadas all favorites at this cool joint. Decor is eclectic, fun and full of energy. To top it all off, the staff is always charming, attentive and friendly, always adding to the dining experience. These folks want you to have a great time - and it shows. Oh, and btw - awesome Tequila menu and the best, spicy sangria to chase it down!
Really really fun tacos here. Loved the panko-crusted shrimp taco with a spicy aioli in a daikon radish shell, the tuna tacon and the carnitas. The brussels sprouts were great too. This place is a fun little brunch spot - filled with bright colors and sunlight.
So cute and charming. I loved the pepper appetizer and margaritas are great! I was in for happy hour and can't wait to come back for more! Definitely recommend for a light happy hour with friends!
Fantastic tapas. Literally everything we tried was amazing. A surprisingly large proportion of the menu is vegetarian (also GF options).
Excellent atmosphere and drinks; fun date spot. The food is good too, though it's hard to get a table, either by reservation or by walking in. If you're lucky, you can get a seat at the bar on a first come, first serve basis. Plates can be shared and it's a good way to try many dishes.
Amazing ambiance, delicious food and great service. The drinks are AMAZING. Must try the Ramos Shrub watermelon/ basil drink! ITS DELICIOUS!
Brunch at lolo has consistently been good. I had their tropical tacos this time, which were really tasty. The lamb sliders were nice as well. Service was good. Out of the three desserts that the restaurant serves for brunch, chocolate tamal was good. The tres-leches and the ice cream cookie sandwich were okay.
I loved this place. Good food, good size portions for a tapas restaurant, unique decor, and service was great. It was crazy packed and we had to wait an hour and a half to get a table but that's okay since we didn't make a reservation. It was fine though since we were visitors and could walk around the area and explore. My fav dishes: grilled asparagus (yes, asparagus), lamb sliders, and gorditas. The place has so much character. I just felt happy and cool eating there.
One of my new favorite restaurants in the Mission. Sangria - 4.5 stars - Excellent flavor, good amount of fruit, freshly shaken (not pre-mixed), decent size serving.Chips & Salsa - 4.5 stars - Warm chips that seems freshly made, three types of salsas, all delicious and different. Ceviche - 5 stars - So tasty and fresh! Big pieces of shrimp and some kind of white fish. The corn nuts have the dish an amazing crunch and it was packed with a great kick at the end, but not too over powering. Argula Salad - 5 stars - Another fantastic plate, with grilled peaches, creamy (large) avocado chucks, and topped with a delicious dressing.Taco Tropical - 5 stars - WOW! This is probably the most interesting taco I have ever had. The jicama tortilla was so light and refreshing. The shrimp was perfectly fried and covered in a divine panco crust. The spicy aoli sauce was familiar but a great addition of creaminess to the taco and the salsa was fruity and fresh. Panco Avocado Tacos - 5 stars - Another wow dish, which was recommended by our cute waiter. This was a messy but amazing taco filled with a massive slice of lightly fried avocado, onions and peppers. YUM!Decor - 5 stars - I loved that the bill was brought it in a baby shoe and everything hanging on the walls was unique. Service - 5 stars - Sebastian was an attentive babe. Thanks! :)I will definitely be back!!
Can we talk about man service?! Hello sexy waiters. Sebastian especially, if you ask him he might take his shirt off. When you're not distracted by how beautiful the men are you can enjoy the delicious cocktails and food. I tried the Bloody Maria (highly recommended), some mescal drink (can't remember name) and the Sangria. At the table we had the Empanadas, Chilequiles and Mexican Eggs Benedict. The decor is so whimsical! They even brought our check in a little shoe! If you're not in the mission, go out of your way to come here. 5 stars!
When I think of great Mexican food I think of King Taco and dirty places in SoCal that ooze with flavor. Lolo is one of the first places that has succeeded in changing my opinion that a good Mexican place must be a hole in the wall. Located on Valencia in Mission, Lolo offers tapas style ordering in a hip, yet relaxed vibe. And once you start eating, you'll experience Mexican food in a new light. Starting off with the chips and homemade salsa, you knew you were in for a treat. The guac was good. Citrusy. The cheese fondue was... well, cheesy. Then came some tapas. The seared tuna tacos were amazing. But what really separates Lolo from anything I've had at a Mexican place before was the Meatballs. Soaked in some kind of heavenly melted cheese and red sauce, this dish rates in top-3 most spectacularly unique meatballs I've ever had. The bartenders were also mixing some interesting, time-consuming and unique concoctions from behind the bar. Didn't have any special cocktails 'cause I was focused on the food... which I ate with beer. It was like watching art, though, as they whipped up some drinks.All-in-all, a 5-star experience that I would like to replicate again daily.
Very average food with great service and atmosphere. You could probably do better Mexican food on this street but with that said you could do worse
Good not great.  And the pricing scale should really be a $$$ more so than $$.I had dinner here, and while it's not a fancy spot, its got that cozy feeling that welcomes loud voices and fun young atmosphere. There's an extensive menu of items that all cost very well over $10 that doesn't feed enough people, hence we ordered like 6 items like the classy folks we are.With a drink each and the following, it was $40 including tip for the each of us 3.- Squid Ink Croquette - probably my favorite- Meatballs - naturally fed beef meatballs don't always taste this good, but Lolo does it great- Special: Soft Shelled Crab Tacos - although this normally comes in an order of 2, they were able to accommodate 3 and I'm glad they did because I didn't want to share. It was that good. - Pulled Pork Shoulder on bread - only came in 2 pieces which I would have gladly shared- Shishito Peppers - easy pick. nothing special but always a good snack- Empanadas with meat and mushrooms - I'm starting to be on the lookout for very good empanadas, and Lolinda had good ones. Now, Lolo does too. They were very nicely fried and delicious.- Negroni was nicely smoked with that mezcal and just a good amount of bittersWill I come back...maybe, but it'd be a last minute decision.
N and I came here for dinner on a Saturday evening. I needed to catch up with that dude. I mean, seriously every few months one must get one's hand dirty, by listening to one's single friends' discussing their latest romance intrigues when I have none of my own to share. I am a good listener and advice giver, especially if you get me going with a glass of French or Spanish red. Such was this night. Food, completely delicious. Lamb sliders was the bomb. N's dating life, not so much. But he was a perfect story teller with the perfect, albeit, bad dating stories to make me laugh. I offer unwanted, and unwarranted advice over fried brussel srouts. We tried to eat healthy but alas healthy food is very difficult when it is counter balanced by deliciousness. I wrote once to someone very dear to me to come here but he cancelled on me. In fact I think he said something like "that's great" and never followed up. I think he's missing it. Just like how he missed going to Mission Chinese with me. I'm not making any more mistakes of inviting people to go to great restaurants when they do not follow up. I will go with others who are willing and can dish good stories to accompany good dishes. We enjoyed the tacos and polished a couple of drinks. Then in the end lamb sliders, while I only had a bite and N ate the rest, was pure heavenly. I made a mental note, that girl he's seeing, is not going to last. Well, I was right. a week later, at 2 AM, a text arrived from N, it was to inform me, that the date was a disaster, and it was the end. Well, the good news is that for the time being, I'll have my dinner companion back, the bad news is I'll have to listen to more horrible dating stories while trying to enjoy my meal. Note to Yelp readers, anyone interested in a 6'2, handsome east coast Ivy League PhD working in nano science living in Noe? Can you please take him off my hand so that I can hear a good dating story over a good dinner instead of a lousy one? Thank you Lolo, you've been very entertaining. Will be back, with or without N's stories.
This place is fine. It's not bad at all, but I wouldn't say it's much better than any of the other tapas places in the Mission. I came here with a few girlfriends -- the ambiance was fine, staff was relatively attentive, food was medium tasty, drinks were pretty good and inventive. Four-five stars for the drinks!Now for the food --- Brussels Sprouts: good, but nothing special. I only ordered them because my dinner companions wanted them, but it's definitely comparable to what you can whip up at home. Kinda overly salty, actually.- Octopus Tiradito: I was initially very excited about this because I love octopus, but it was sliced so thin, I could barely taste it. It didn't help that it was drenched in sauce - which tasted fine but overwhelmed the tastebuds and drowned out any octopus flavor.- Taco Tropical: Pretty delicious- Squid in black ink croquetas: Terrible texture. Way too much blank ink and the squid was chopped up so fine you couldn't even taste it. Very gritty.- Carnitas tacos: Fine, nothing special. Meat was fatty, overseasoned.Maybe I'll come here again but if so, I'll definitely order OTHER things on the menu. At this cost, I rather go to Esperpento or Picaro.
My boyfriend and I were recently in San Francisco for a weekend getaway and food is definitely a passion of ours. From a huge list of restaurants Lolo made the cut and I am so happy it did! The atmosphere was fun and lively and the food was out of this world! My two favorite dishes by far were the Tuna Tacons (melt in your mouth) and the carnitas (hello homemade tortillas [although I wound up eating the meat by itself it was so good])
When you go to Lolo you are joining an ongoing party. Lots of people. All happy, including the staff. The place is noisy. Upbeat. Not the place for anyone who is on a downer or intent to stay on a downer.  And the food is filling, cheap, and OK.I started with a quite heavy beet salad, in which the beets encased thick layers of cheese. Too much cheese, in fact, as the beets almost became an afterthought in their own salad.Two tacos of panko crusted shrimp were nice enough save for some mayonnaise based topping. There was just too much going on and the shrimp were the shrimps of the plate.Gorditas with pulled short rib were a bit better than OK. There was plenty of nice tasting beef here although the meat was atop some mayo that I managed to scrape away.Finally, lamb sliders. Two thick nice tasting lamb patties that were just fine once I had removed the sauce that detracted from the dish. If you have a group who want to share and drink and enjoy company this is a good place to go.
They have agave (tequila/mescal) flights! I didn't hae one, but I thought that was pretty rad, and I would absolutely return to have one, but not really for the food. I went there on a Wednesday night and the place was fairly busy. In the future I would probably make a reservation, unless you plan to sit at the bar, which is what I did. As someone who practices a plant-based diet, my options were somewhat limited as far as food goes. The Tri-Color Salad which I had was quite delicious and nicely dressed though. I tried one of their specialty cocktails, and it was good, but not memorable enough for me to recall what it was. Like I said, I'd go back for a tequila flight, but probably not much else as it's not very vegan friendly. (But it is vegetarian friendly!)
Came here last night 6:30 with no reservation. The hostess was sweet and advised we scout the bar for a seat-the bar was full. She told us to sit tight unless the 3 reservations did not show. Luckily 1 did not!FRIED BRUSSEL SPROUTS-----Very goodBEETS------OKWONTON RAVIOLI WITH HUITLACOCHE AND REQUESON----don't get this. I did and was disappointed with my choice. Very milky and salty, more like a salty soup.PORTOBELLO MUSHROOMS QUESADILLAS----OK. cheesy-nothing special.Overall it was OK. I won't be rushing back anytime soon, but if I come here on another occasion I know what not to order. The extra star is for cool decor and good service.
Thank god I made reservations for this place. It was super packed on a Thursday night when we got there around 8pm. We waited for another 15 minutes for them to set up our table which was fine because of all the people-watching we got to do during that time. Pros- Cute decorations- Sangria was tasty with a slice of orange.- Brussel Sprouts -Shallots, hazelnuts, late harvest zinfandel vinaigrette. I want more!- Shrimp Ceviche with citrus and tahini sauce, avocado, chile guero and pepper flakes - Loved it!- Pork Shoulder was yummy and tender. Comes with tortillas and some sauces.-Wonton Ravioli : this was my least favorite but it wasn't bad. I just didn't like how there wasn't much in the ravioli. It was more like eating just the pasta. Cons- Not a fan of neighboring tables placed so closely to mines. You can hear everything your neighbors were talking about.- Noise level was a bit high.-Service. Our waiter did not want to be at work that night lol but he did his job..just not happily.
First time dining here. I went with two girlfriends and didn't have a reservation, so we had to wait for some spots to open up at the bar. Since we sat at the bar, we were served by one of the bar tenders. He was friendly and gave some great drink and food suggestions since none of us had been there. He also gave us a sample of their tomato/chili mix that would be great in a bloody, but was taken as a chaser after a tequila shot.The cocktails were fun and unique. The food was great for sharing, since most were small plates and we wanted to try multiple things.We ended up getting Fried Brussel Sprouts, Taco Tropical, Carnitas, A La Diabla Shrimp, which were all delicious.
Really nice tapas place. Not authentic Spanish tapas, but a new American twist on Spanish and Mexican small plates. The pistachio encrusted salmon is really good, but the tuna tacon is to die for. I have to write that in the review so that next time I go back I remember which is the best. Sometimes I forget and get the wrong one...actually they are both so good, you should just get both.Sangria is nice, sit at the bar because the bartender is super nice and really cute, enjoy the food and the great atmosphere, and the check will come in a book. This won't mean it will be small, but at least you have fun when paying the bill...
This place is the best. If you are looking for great food, lively atmosphere, attentive service, and delicious drinks this is your spot. The Taco Tropical is one of the most delicious dishes in SF. Do not miss it!
Nice Mexican-inspired food in The Mission. Delicious panko avocado tacos. If you're a mezcal fan, this is the spot for you.
Wonderful and various small plates. They paid attention to my special request when I made the reservation.
This cute little restaurant in the Mission district is great place to come, hang, drink, eat, and yes dare I say it...be merry. It 's a tiny restaurant with the front area, then a larger area in the back. I suggest getting a seat in the back. It's decor is fun and eclectic. I went with my sister and our table was quite ready so we went to the bar to start out with a glass of cava. I wish I would have ordered their specialty cocktails. The hot bartenders were turning them out like crazy. After a few sips, we decided it would be fun to sit at the bar and have dinner. 3/4 stars - fried brussel sprouts. The hazelnuts were a great compliment to the brussel sprouts. 10/4 stars - Taco Tropical. It was a combination of freshness and richness and a great savory fried tempura. I was pleasantly surprised but the jicama taco shell. Who would have thought that would so good!! 4/4 - lamb sliders. I am still thinking about that porcini mushroom sauce. I was practically licking it off the plate. The sliders were flavorful and had just the right amount of juiciness for a burger. I think the value of the Lolo is wonderful because of the neat ambience of the restaurant and of course the killer menu.
Plate after plate was a clear disappointment. We're vegetarians, and every dish was soaked in oil and flavorless. Our server didn't seem to notice that we were eating a few bites and sending back the rest. She was a lovely person, but never asked about why we couldn't eat most of the food. Farewell Lolo!
Restaurant has a very hip flair, but the service left something to be desired. Despite having a 9pm reservation, my girlfriend and I weren't seated until 9:17pm. The entrees didn't come out all at once, so once we had gotten full and the carnitas hadn't arrived yet, the manager intervened in our request to cancel the final order and explained that we would have to be charged for it. Ended up paying an incremental $15 for something we didn't eat. Could have definitely been better service.
This place was always soo packed when it was next to Escape from NY Pizza. Even with the new location it will still get packed at night time but the food and drinks are aces. The staff rock and this place is definitely one of the best places to eat in the mission in my opinion. Be back soon, since it is 2 blocks away. May even go back for dinner.
My fianc and I randomly stumbled across this place when we were in town visiting and were very happy that we did. We came here on a Wednesday night for dinner and this place was super crowded; however, it was a nice evening weather wise and they still had seating out on the patio with heat lamps. Our service was great in that they helped us immediately and our waiter was attentive enough without being overly annoying. I was impressed with the food given that I did not have high expectation since it was labeled as Mexican. Now, I love me some Mexican food, but its not something I get when I leave the Mexican-food Mecca that is San Diego, where I live. However, it was refreshing to see that the menu here was unique. We ordered the chicken confit tostadas, oxtail tostadas, gorditas blue, and a cotija quesadilla. Everything was very flavorful and tasty. I also liked that the offerings here were more small plates/ tapas centered because it gave us a chance to savor more options. Overall, I would really recommend this place for a unique Mexican food experience.
Great food, but service was a bit slow.. TIP - order as much food as you can at the same time..
There's nothing better than a recommendation to a restaurant from a friend you trust. That's how I found myself here. We sat at the bar, enjoyed the entertainment of the bar tenders chatting and putting on a mixing show, and ate some PHENOMENAL food.Classic San Francisco:-Neighborhood joint-Two small rooms, but I wouldn't want it any bigger-Kitchen open to diners so you can say "THANK YOU for the amazing dining experience!" on your way out. :)-Kind, upbeat, and down-to-earth hostess who is accommodating. No pretense here-And most importantly, truly delicious food - every single bite. I just wish I could have eaten more.I would return anytime and often if I lived in the City.
Visited Lolo with some girlfriends last week and had such a positive experience. Great food, drinks and service. The Lolo gin and tonic is a fun twist on the traditional!
Everything was good. I'm not usually one to complain about pricing, but everything seemed just a weeee bit too high compared to the quality and portion size. Especially for tapas.
The beef tacos and tuna tacos were my favorite! We also tried the tropical taco, my friend loved it but it was too sweet for me. Crab croquettes were also very delish. Service was great, although one of the bus boys who didn't speak English would come to our table every five minutes and try to take our plates away...and since he didn't speak English we couldn't communicate that we were finished eating eat. It was kinda funny actually. The decor was very interesting. Very San Fran. Definitely recommend for a date night or girls night out!
I am 75 years young, and went to Lolos' yesterday with my daughter and grandson. What a treat. The dishes were fantastic, waitress a doll, and the atmosphere so much fun. I agree with some of the other reviewers that the tuna "whatever" was amazing. I will definitely return.
i really liked this place. the restaurant has a fun vibe and is very festive and colorful. weirdly, it was playing a lot of 80s and 90s r&b, which was fine by me.my friend and i shared 4 items. initially i thought it wouldn't be enough, but we were totally full by the end. we got the mushroom empanadas, the salmon ceviche, the fried brussels sprouts, and the tacos tropical. all of it was delicious. i LOVED the brussels sprouts and tacos, which were shrimp wrapped in a jicama "tortilla." the empanadas were really good too. the ceviche was good but a bit fishier than anticipated.i want to come back and try more! the kale salad looked great too.
Lol is my favorite restaurant in the city. The food is always amazing and the cocktails menu is phenomenal.
Drinks: I enjoyed a deeelish gin and tonic with cucumber/rose flair and my husband had a moscow mule that came with a formed ice cup on top holding dried cranberries. It was pretty cool look, would have taken a picture but was too starving to take the time!AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS fried avocado taco (although if I go there again, to avoid clogging the arteries, might ask for fresh avocado - it's the pickled onions they provide and the other flavors that really make this delish). We ordered 6 tapas and drinks and the bill was sub-$80. That's a win, if you ask me, and we took the queso fundido home (okay, but with a kind of bland tomato sauce). "Broccholini" were tasty, but plate was small. Arugula salad with avocado, cucumber, parmesan and peach was delish and plate was large, but the dressing was way too sweet (luckily, I had my wits about me and asked for it on the side).So as a vegetarian, really enjoyed. Husband liked the gorditas (though incredibly messy) and thought ceviche was okay.
I love Lolo's!! Great atmosphere, drinks and food.My favorite are their Taco Tropical-yum!!!
2.5My favorite decor/ambiance in the city. Love, love the decorations. Terrific cocktail selection - clever, unique ingredients, decent pour. The menu looks good however execution was off on each dish except for the beets with the cojita mousse. Brussels sprouts were way undercooked and way greasy. The mixed salad was dull and over-olied The chips are nothing special. The three salsas were ok but not memorable. The tuna was over seared and chewy. The avocado tacos had too much sauce on them so that's all you could taste. Service was good but not overly warm. I was bummed.
Came here with my bestie last night & absolutely loved loved loved this place! We arrived just as it was opening so there was no wait, thankfully. The music they were playing was fantastic! The decor was phenomenal & the food was superb! We were stuck on the menu for a while, as everything sounded delish. It is a tapas spot so keep in mind they aren't full blown meals with sides. We started with some guacamole, it had cheese & salsa sprinkled on it; I have never tasted it this way, ever. It was sooooo good. We ordered the tinga tostadas, the empanadas, an agua de sandia, a round of cantaritos & diablitos. We had to send the diablito back to the bartender, it was really strong & spicy!! To finish out meal we had a tres leches mousse, OMG, pure heaven!! I would recommend this place - everything about it is awesome & the staff was great! Will definitely be coming back again! Thank You LoLo!!
Lolo is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. It has a quirky, fairly casual ambiance and amazing food. The friend brussel sprouts are so good I dream about them. The tuna tacon is a MUST order. It comes with the most amazing salsa you've ever dreamed of. Their specials are always really special! Last time I think I had blue-cheese stuffed dates wrapped in prosciutto and drizzled with a balsamic sauce. Divine. The staff is fantastic, and we always get a warm welcome when we manage to snag a seat at the bar. That's the best spot! The bar is decorated with old newspapers, and hanging above are funky strawberry shortcake lights. Behind you the wall is a sea of paper boats with the sun peaking through. They just started doing brunch! GO EAT IT! Nom nom nom...
Delicious! And fun vibes
Hate to say it but this place was a big fat Meh... The tamarind margarita (with a much heftier dose of tequila) is probably the only thing I would return for..As for the food- what a disappointment. The mussel special had some pretty sad mussels with a slightly unpleasant taste- even the chorizo meat OD in the sauce couldn't hide the flavor. The crab enchilada also had an off-putting fishy taste to it. The tuna taco (oh wait- that was pretty tasty- I was kind of on a roll). Yeah the tuna taco was in a nice grilled flour tortilla and was pretty good. Lastly the empanadas were a bit of deep fried goodness, but I'm a firm believer that deep frying anything tastes better. Besides the margarita the only other plus at this place is the service. We were sitting at the bar and always had our drinks quickly refilled..Otherwise, I would skip this place.Oh and I forgot to mention my awesome Sangria- cold wine and seltzer water- yum!! Probably goes down as one of the worst sangrias ever..
Amazing! Definitely try the breaded shrimp and seared tuna tacos. The lamb sliders were also delicious and the sangria was so refreshing! I would take everyone I know to try this place!
This place is delicious! I highly recommend this place for date night, and not for groups. My boyfriend and I went on a double date with another couple and even that made me feel like there was too many people to enjoy their dishes because there are only two or three items in most of their dishes. Be prepared to order multiple dishes.Dishes you must order:- crab tostadas: the crab was so fresh, and they sure weren't stingy with how much crab they gave- oxtail empenadas: so good! Flaky crust and delicious filling. Yes please.- softshell crab tacos: this was their special and oh so yummy; they should definitely make it permanent on their menu- lamb sliders: meat was so tender and the slider was so flavorful. YUM.Dishes you can skip:- fried brussel sprouts: EW! Just ew. I admit that I am not a brussel sprouts expert, but why was this dish so sour? None of us enjoyed this dish.- pistachio encrusted salmon: had such high hopes for this dish because so many people raved about it, but it was actually very dry.A bit on the pricier side, but I think it was worth it!TIP: make reservations in advance! Restaurant is quite tiny :)
GREAT food, average service. Get the fried brussel sprouts. It was the highlight of the night, but then again, so was everything else. They don't mess around with their cocktails. Those were some good drinks.Compliments to the chefs and bartenders.
It'd hard to get a reservation here! I came here with some friends on a weekday at 8:45PM, and it's well worth the wait! The quirky and colorful interior design was charming. And the food...! I had the best ceviche in SF here. The panko avocado taco was delicious as well. Would definitely visit again.
I would like to preface this by saying, I have never written a Yelp review (although I have had an account for quite some time now), but felt inclined to start reviewing because of this fabulous restaurant and my incredible experiences I have had here.I stumbled upon this restaurant when it was late in the evening (around 11pm), my boyfriend and I were hungry, and there was nothing open late around us. I found Lolo on Yelp and couldn't be happier that I did. The decor is so cute and random, which I love, and the food is absolutely phenomenal!It is run by a mostly Mexican staff (which my Mexican boyfriend loved) and the food tastes so authentic, every dish bursting with flavor! Every waiter I have had has been beyond helpful, even going through each drink on the menu and explaining the difference in taste, sweetness, etc. The baristas are also incredible! They use all fresh and natural ingredients and you can taste it! I had the best margarita and pisco in my life at that bar. It is fun to watch them shake up the concoctions too, as they do it with so much love and enthusiasm. :)I have since taken my friends here and went for my birthday dinner as well. Our waiter from a previous night was not our waiter that night, but came over and greeted us and put stars next to the tapas he thought we should try this time. Talk about customer service! I was beyond impressed. Obviously, I am not the only person who feels this strongly about this place, so make sure to call far in advance to make a reservation, unless you want to try your luck at the bar.Thanks, Lolo!!
Cute waiter. :)Food was good, loved the fondue thing. Nice cocktail menu, will be back for happy hour.
Yum! You must try the sangria...and the empanadas...and the avocado panko tacos. Their chips and guacamole is also pretty yum. Do yourself a favor and make a reservation.
Been here twice -- once for lunch, once for dinner. Seems to be the same menu. The Tacos Tropical (breaded prawns) are really delish and the brussels are pretty good too. The other night for dinner, I had an amazing cocktail with passion fruit & pisco (can't remember the name), and there are many others that I would love to try. Also had the crab croquetas, but wasn't impressed. Overall, I like this place though.
Wonderful place with memorable food and great service. We had the grilled asparagus, squid and wonton ravioli. Adam's wine was terrific and my black mojito was freaking awesome. As others have noted, though, it's quite loud and a little too close for comfort in terms of seating, which is the only reason I'm giving it four stars rather than five.
I came here for my birthday and it was perfect. There was something for everyone and the variety of cocktails meet everyones needs. Since it is labels as a tapas restaurant we thought everything would be pretty small but some of them were larger than expected. The atmosphere is super fun and different than anywhere I've been before. I'm glad I found it and I look forward to returning.
Great food and great drinks. The hosts are very friendly and cheerful.
Lol what happened?! I have been coming here since your first location opened and have been to the new location about 5 times so far. You are the go to spot for our girl posse get togethers. Your food is exceptional, your cocktails are the best in town and your wait staff is fantastic. However, one of your hostess at the new place is not only consistently and incredibly rude to everyone , but has no clue how to to do her job. Thursday night was awful. We were on time for a reservation at 9pm and she seated the 9:30 people before us at the window table that we would have liked. When we complained about being passed over, she was downright nasty to us through our entire experience and never apologized. She spoke to us as if it was our mistake and that we had no right to complain or even ask what our other seating options might be other than what she was offering We almost left. It was great that our favorite server came over to lighten the mood. As usual he was super sweet, professional and together. It's always great to see him.Dining out is a privilege and I almost never complain because it seems downright arrogant and petty most of the time. I know from 5 years of hostessing and serving experience that staff can be overwhelmed at times when the restaurant is as slammed and popular as Lol, Mistakes happen. I also know that patrons can often be real assholes. But, if you get a rightful complaint, apologize and then figure out how best to fix the situation without such rudeness. If this was not such a consistent issue with the hosting station at Lol these days, I may have just let it pass, but I couldn't. Slapping down 200 bucks while feeling crappy about incident-both for us and for the hostess as well, sucked.
Love the fun interiors. Creative and contemporary mexican food, portion is not huge which is great!! Overall, a nice spot to catch up with friends over some less heavy Mexican food.
This place is absolutely amazing!!! Great food, fast and cordial service, terrific decoration. I don't know what to suggest since I liked every single thing I ordered. Portions are quite small, I suggest at least 2 each person. Don't miss the empanadas, crab coquettes and tuna tacoon.
A cute tapas place. Not sure why it's so hard to get a table...other than the reality distortion that is San Francisco. I'd go back, but not willing plan far enough in advance.
Me and my bf were looking for a place to get dinner on Thursday night, we walked into Lol and it was packed... I figured it would be a long wait. Surprisingly the hostess said she could seat us right away! She took us thru a small corridor to the other side of the restaurant where she offered us bar seating. We asked if she could seat us at a table (apparently they were for reservations only), but without hesitation she sat us! Awesome service already.We had a couple of dishes, all of which were very good: Tuna Tacon ($10) seared albacore tuna, shellfish aioli, avocado, roasted tomatillo sauce on the side. Oxtail Empanadas ($8) oxtail, tomatoe, red cabbage and chipotle sauce. Lamb Sliders ($10) lamb sliders on a brioche bun and porcini mushroom sauce. Chicken Confit 'Tinga" Tostadas ($8) bacon, chipotle peppers, roasted tomatoes. My favorites were the Tuna Tacon and the Lamb Sliders. Both had unique homemade sauces atop perfectly cooked protein. But I'm sure you can't go wrong with any of the dishes on the menu. Overall satisfied with the contemporary interior, friendly service, delicious food, and fair prices. I would love to come back to try some other dishes on the menu.
Friendly people, fresh delicious food, great drinks, creative decor, lively atmosphere you can still have a conversation in.So happy to have lol in the neighborhood!
What a great place for tapas..  Lolo is always fun. The drinks are great.and imaginative. They have a large selection of mezcal. MUST HAVES:Fried Brussell Sprouts with with hazelnuts ( enough for 4 people)Kale Salad with candied pecans, apples and a great vinaigrette good for 4 people)Tacos Tropical - crispy panko shrimp with a spicy oli on a jicama tortilla ( 2 in an order)The staff and servers are all friendly and knowledgeable about the food.. It's always crowded and get very loud. If you don;t have a Reservation, it's worth the wait.
So much fun. If you're looking for quality food in a fun, relaxed atmosphere and want to mix it up a little bit - this is the place! Will definitely be going back again soon.
Always wanted to do a tapas bar, and this was the best way to pop that cherry. Adorable interior. Gave an authentic spanish vibe without being cheesy. The hosts/bartenders were the kind of people you wish you were best friends with. I got a jamaicon cocktail. Fans of the hispanic drink jamaica, this is a must try. Also a dessert wine at the end of our meal. I can't remember its name, but it was like a sweet plum nectar. Amazing.Guacamole and chips? Safe choice, but perfectly done. Squid in black ink? A little bolder, but also very worth it. It's lightly fried and had a mild sweetness to it. The best was the ceviche. All kinds of sea life going on in that bad boy. Seriously, best ceviche I've ever had.
I mean what could I say..this place is adorable! The food was tasty, and the Margaritas were excellent and STRONG! (always a plus). Great broad selection of food. Definitely if your in San Fran try this place. So good. The one downside parking is a pain. But it's The Bay, it's part of the experience.
Awesome food and cocktails.
Loved it. Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu. Get the huitlacoche ravioli, it will blow your mind. If you're strapped for cash, just sit down and look at the menu until they bring you the free bread with goat cheese and tomato dip. We ordered three dishes between us, but killed at least four plates of that bread. Hoard the dipping sauce and pour it on your food.Four stars instead of five because the two other dishes we ordered (broccolini and empanadas) were very good, but not shockingly so. The mezcal margarita I thought was a little watered down for a place that supposedly specializes in agave. I'm nitpicking though. Highly recommend.
Came here a couple of times. Such a cozy little place with a great restaurant concept. I love the idea since I am from the Mediterranean area and I am also a huge fan of Mexican food. They have a very nice tapas selection from both cuisines Mexican/Californian and Mediterranean. My favorites are tuna tacon, gambas bravas, mezcal bbq gorditas, and the taco tropical is to die for. Their cocktails are really good. Long cocktail list. First time I had a michelada and it was just how I like it. Last time the bartender from Guadalajara made me a kind of hot toddy with mescal and honey. I was a little cold and that helped me to feel better.Service was attentive. Mescal and good food is a way to go. If you like Mexican food you should try Lolo.
How about a classy and delicious meal that doesn't feel like Valencia Street's tried, true (and delicious but repetitive) recipe for restaurants? This place is terrific. Food is unique and remarkably excellent, decor is eclectic but not discordant, owners are genuine and actively engaged with their patrons and they pay homage to their mexican cultural roots in both food and drink. I don't often go to the same restaurant more than once, only a handful get visited twice, and only my taco shop gets me once a month... but at least once a quarter we get excited about coming back to see Lolo and company!
3.5 stars.  the decor is very cool - truly spanish color. yet the food is more mexican than spanish to our taste, and too much deep fry and cream too.  service is good tho.  line is always long. reservation is recommended. Overpriced considering the size and quality of tacos.
I have not found an equivalent to Lolos. The dishes are right sized, you can try many different flavors and preparations in one sitting, and you will certainly find a favorite dish that will make you come back for more. Don't forget the flan, and pair it with a port.
Gaga for beet salad and shrimp ceviche. Long wait times a bummer. Always worth it in the end.
The girlfriend and I love this place! Excellent food and drinks. The only reason that they get 4 star rather than 5 is that I am partial to the old location. Despite that, I highly recommend Lolo's.
Small intimate place, good for small groups to share a few dishes or a lot depending on how hungry you are.The ceviche and pork shoulder are definite must order!Shishito peppers were decent,Wasn't a big fan of the wonton-dumplingDecently priced for the quality, would like to try some of the other items on the menu next time. Neat decor and has limited outside seating.
The service was excellent - we got a table right away (it was Saturday around 11:45am), and our waitress was friendly and knowledgable about the menu.The food:Crab croquets were delicious (they may have been a special) , as was the fondue and the chicken tinga tostadas.Our one complaint was the chilaquiles. To have both eggs and meat added, it's $7 extra. When they arrived, they were very, very dry - not enough sauce or salsa on them. Made them very heavy, and strangely tasteless. We couldn't finish them. I feel like this was just one dish out of several, so 4 stars instead of 3.
Came here with a group of 5 to celebrate a friend's birthday and tried the following items (listed by my most to least favorite):-Crab Tostadas ($15): So flavorful and delicious with plenty of crab meat (:-Tuna Tacon ($10): Amazing seared tuna tacos accompanied by a great roasted tomatillo sauce-Gorditas Blue ($12): Tender and very tasty short rib-filled masa pockets-Octopus Tiradito ($12): The finger-lickin' good sauce was more noteworthy than the octopus itself-Conchitas ($9.50): A scallop Rockefeller which was a bit too salty -Pistachio Encrusted Salmon ($11): More like pistachio sprinkled salmon.. no big deal and honestly too hyped up by other Yelpers-Beef Empanadas ($8): ForgettableDessert (each and every one topped with a candle for the bday boy.. thanks!)-Flan ($7): MMMM! Not too sweet-Ice Cream Sliders ($8): These would have been better than the flan if the server didn't drench them with the chocolate himself instead of letting us do it ): Still good, though-Berry Trifle ($7): EhAll in all, the food was good, but not great. The service was decent, but a few times the rest of the food took a little while to come out after they cleared away empty plates from previous dishes. Great job on refilling our drinks, though. You pay a little more for what you actually get. Come with a SMALL group for your initial visit, so you can order more things and have a little taste of it all, and therefore be able to order what you enjoyed most and avoid spending $30-$40/person for future visits. I'd give this place at least 1 more go.
My colleague took me to Lolo yesterday and I was very impressed. The interior is very well done and perfectly complements the food. You get the feeling that you are sitting in a restaurant in south / central america. The food was the highlight of the night - I was blown away. Everything tastes so good and I just kept eating. The service is very good and you are well taken care of. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back.
Lolo is a charming one-of-a-kind tapas restaurant in the Mission. Super cute. Came here with 5 people: two pescatarians, one vegan, one normal person, me. We all loved everything except my vegan friend- he was severely limited as to what he could eat. I felt bad for him but we make life decisions and have to deal with the consequences. Kind of like that movie Flight! Kind of sort of not at all, as our fun ended with dishes of broccoli and brussel sprouts instead of AA.The plates were all outstanding, so much so that if I weren't so lazy right now I would all-caps the words "all" and "outstanding". The downside: We ordered almost half the menu, I'm not exaggerating, and it was not enough to fill us up. I went back to my friend's house and proceeded to eat everything in his fridge because my stomach was still digesting itself.The goodside: Cheap. We weren't drinking but we had green tea and maybe two cocktails and it was still only $20 or so each with tip.
Lol has just moved up in my esteem from one of my favorite restaurants in town to my absolute top favorite. I have written a lot of good reviews in my 5+ years on yelp, but I do not recall ever feeling so grateful to a restaurant and the people who run it before. Let me explain. It is my friend's birthday, and I had pretty much insisted on bringing her here, based on a few times I had loved their food in their old location. My memory was that every item I had tried before was delicious, the decor was adorable, and their menu was clearly labeled about gluten-free items (all still true). This is so appreciated when I am always the high-maintenance customer asking about how everything on a menu is prepared; labels generally save me from that. Fast forward to today. I told the super sweet gentleman (who is perhaps one of the "partners" I was told later when I asked) at the front about the birthday, if he could just let our server know. My hope was just that my friend might be surprised at the end without my having to obviously sneak over and tell someone before dessert time. He came over right away when she arrived and wished her a happy birthday so warmly, it set a celebratory tone for the evening immediately. Our food was nothing short of amazing throughout (and those margaritas!) and when I mentioned to our waiter at the beginning that I was concerned about what else might have shared a fryer with the chips (yes, I'm that person these days), he brought over that first guy who spent time with me, coming up with substitutions that would work on the things we wanted to order. I mean, they changed the way they make some of the items so I could eat them! I couldn't believe it. And everyone acted like it was their absolute pleasure to do so. They were a smooth and cheerful team.The chicken "tinga", the pulled short-rib, the roasted beets, the mahi-mahi special, and the cajeta-with-a-candle at the end... it was as perfect as could be. And even though we lingered as the restaurant was getting busy, we never felt rushed. What a rare thing, to remember liking a restaurant and finding out that it has not only gotten even better, but also seems more gentle and humble in its success. Thank you, Lol, for making my dear friend's birthday feel so special!
Decor is a little much but the food and service is exceptional. My favorite was the house gin and tonic and the tuna tacon.
Such a cute Tapas place and we got to sit right away for a late Thursday night dinner. No reservations and its in the middle of this hipster neighorhood.  We ordered four different types of tapas that were well enough for two.  I wish I had tried their sangria but I was dining with my prego girlfriend and decided to eat my calories instead :) We ordered the brussel sprouts which were my favorite as well as the mushroom empanadas. We also got chicken tostadas and carnitas. My favorite were the veggie dishes, yum!
The most stand-out part about this experience is the decor. Unlike most tapas/wine spots in SF, Lolo is not too dimly lit, doesn't have the standard menu, and doesn't fall prey to the usual date-spot decor. Instead it opts for wacky- decorations span from brooms to car doors to soccer balls. It's still a perfectly good date spot, with tastefully decorated couples tables and good cocktails. The food was a hit- most everything we ordered was outstanding. Do not miss the broccolinis and the avocado tacos. The mezcal drinks were not extraordinary and the music was a little jarring, but apart from that a really great experience.
superb dinning experience , tinga chicken and tuna tacon are must try , ceviche and croquetas come right after, great cocktails and service was excellent , great for anything, date , birthday party anything you could think of ...
I love this place. The dcor is really cool, the unique cocktails are super tasty and the have tacos with jicama for the shell.It's usually noisy, but it's a cool, rocking joint with really good Mexican food that they make into something really original.It's usually busy, but they are very nice about it. If you want to wait, they take your phone number, so we just go across the street to Cava for margaritas and wait until the phone rings. Never had to wait more than 15 minutes.Great eats!
What a fun place; food is really creative-nice upscale version of Mexican food; presentations were beautiful and the service outstanding. Am making this one of my favs in the Mission.
I adore this place. It's not only the unique little tidbits of decorum, but the service is phenomenal. The bartenders know how to run a bar with class, ease, and utter talent. The servers, even the hostess and bussers are all happy to be there, they make you feel at home no doubt about it. This place may be small but that is all part of the charm. Every time I go here, its a different experience but with the same great tapas I can count on, such as, the brussel sprouts...OMG, I love em' or the huitlacoche with the arugula sauce, it is simply a dish like no other. The cocktails are a whole other story, there is always something knew and interesting to try. The mixology is crafted with such care, and precise ingredients. It is always fun to watch the bar tenders do their magic behind the clean, well kept bar. You can come here alone or with a group of friends or on a date and no matter what you will be greeted with the unique twist of exceptional Lol service to the T. Gracias Lol y nos vemos pronto.
Came for a quick bite and a drink with an old friend. Ended up staying for quite a while to continue tasting from the great menu, and enjoying the ambiance. Great place to come, and I'll definitely be going again. :) Definitely try the shrimp sopes and the corn on the cob.
It's true, this place is super-vegetarian friendly. I can't speak for vegan, as my friend and I wound up ordering their cheesy-licious fondue. I was a little hesitant at first, and tried to guide our selection in the way of something more tapas-focused, given the nature of the venue. But our fondue arrived, and it was absolutely scrumptious! The cocktails were somethin' else, too. I'm no mescal expert, but being a frequent visitor of a Comal, which also features this liquor specialty, I feel I've gained some experience. The drinks weren't as fancily "dressed" as those at Comal, but they were just as tasty, and at a friendlier price point. At the end of our sit-down, the check came in a tiny boot. You can't imagine our glee when they set down the miniature footwear before us!Atmosphere was pretty great, too. Loved the touch in all the decorations. It's important to note we sat at the bar. The establishment is set into three zones. There is one larger dining area, then a a hallway that connects to a separate area that is split in two -- part bar, part wall seating. I felt the wait was a bit lengthy and that we could've received better guidance on how long we could expect to sit outside from our hostess (thus not a full five stars). However, service once seated was great--bartender was very friendly and offered enough advice on the menu without being "sales-y" -- for instance, he warned us that the fondue would likely take some time, and offered to bring us a plate to get a started before its arrival, but didn't push us once we let him know we were willing to wait. Last note: this was a great spot to catch up with an old friend. Intimate enough to have a conversation without being so full of dead air that we felt a need to fill comfortable silences. Will definitely be back!
It's expensive for the portion sizes, which is why I gave it 4 stars. I didn't eat much, but tried the brussel sprouts, chips, and the quesadilla, and all were good. I ordered the margarita but no sugar and it was awesome. Very friendly servers and a fun vibe.
We went early (6pm on a Saturday) and it wasn't too busy yet. I had read the reviews and saw that it can be hard to get in on weekends so we had a reservation and were seated right away. There is a wide variety of dishes (we especially enjoyed the lamb sliders, the diablo shrimp and the pulled pork). Great service and I loved that the bill came in a tiny shoe!I love tapas and I loved the lively/fun environment. Can be a bit noisy though, so if you're looking for a quieter place this is not it.
Lovely place, great food, outstanding drinks (worth the long wait) hard to find a spot to sit often, unless you go around 11:00 pm. But you can be standing up and have one of their amazing drinks without a problem.
Best tapas place I've been to so far. I've been to Lolo about five times now and it never gets old. They make great cocktails here, and I've never had a bad one. My favorite is the Mezcalita, which is their version of a margarita but made with mezcal. They change their menu quite a bit and have some great specials. The decor is kitschy but not cheesy; I like the baby boots they use as books for checks and the lotto numbers they integrated into the bar.Some faves:Tuna tacon - Seared albacore tuna, shellfish aioli, avocado, roasted tomatillo sauce on the side. Hands down my favorite plate here. The tuna is seared perfectly and melts in your mouth. The aioli doesn't saturate the bite and goes amazingly with the tomatillo sauce. Savory, mouth watering, melting bite.Shishito peppers - Nothing crazy here, but a great way to start the meal. Peppers sauteed and drizzled with just enough flavor to complement the natural taste of the peppers.Carnitas - Moist, sizzling carnitas wrapped in a leaf and served in a dim sum basket. Comes with blue corn tortillas, pickled onions, tomatillo sauce. Straight forward dish but oozing with flavor. Crab tostadas - Chorizo, leeks, dungeness crab, sandia aioli, avocado puree. Never had a chorizo/crab combo until I had this, and it's fantastic. The oiliness of the chorizo enriches the taste of the crab and the two proteins mesh really well. Perfect balance with the crispiness of the tostada. It's like eating one really big and fancy seafood super nacho.Taco tropical - Panko and spice-dusted shrimp, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioli. Crispy, savory, refreshing, all in one. The panko factor on the shrimp is just right and the light mango-y notes from the fruit relish really balances it.Mecalita - Like I mentioned before, my favorite cocktail here. If you want a manlier, smokier margarita, this is what you need.
Food was very average. There are other better tapas place in the city. They do have cute decor. I would go for a drink, but for foodies, this isn't the best place.
We had a last minute change in venue and found this on yelp. It was perfect. Casual, but above scale in every way. The food was amazing! We had the guacamole and the Brussel sprouts to start. Both dishes were good. The four of us had our own dishes of ahi tacos, carnitas tacos (carnitas and flour tortillas separately and yummy sauces and condiments), the chicken tinga sandwich (one of the best dishes) and eggs Benedict. Everyone loved their food. We loved the food so much, we had dessert. They didn't fall short here - as it was amazing -- creme brle, berries and marscapone and Mexican vanilla ice creme.  We nibbled off of each others dish. The service was awesome. We felt like we were waited on hand and foot. Such a great meal, I can't wait to return.
great food, great service, great atmosphere and reasonable prices. I want to see more places like this in the city!
This place is a MUST TRY! Was there with the lil' lady on a trip to see a local play. I was a little worried walking up to the location - but my fears were QUICKLY dispelled. The chicken and crab tostadas are mouth wateringly delicious; the mojito negro? Holy S$%t!!!! I dont know how they made them so good - but WELL DONE LOLO!Would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone in the area.
Suuuper yummy. This place was recommended to us by a friend. We ended up here for brunch and loved it. I got the Mexican Eggs Benedict and my husband had the chilaquiles (one of our favorite meals). Both were great - and mine was so special. Can't wait to go back and check out their regular menu!
If you're looking for a cozy place with tapas and sangrias, Lol is your spot!It's a little on the pricey side for the portion, but the quality does not disappoint. Must haves include:+Fried Brussel Sprouts+Guacamole (with cojita cheese)+Ceviche+Tuna Tacon+Taco TropicalI'm totally in love with the artsy decor. A perfect place for date night and girls night out.
Highly recommended. I don't usually highly recommend restaurants, however this place is standout, the food and dinning experience at this place in the mission were top notch last night. Particularly our server was on top of it. Anytime we needed something he was at our table within a matter of seconds. This is what service should be like. The food was excellent, we ordered all small plates. The fish plates were all fresh and flavored lightly with citrus and had some zest. Service was excellent. Funky little spot, felt like a real restaurant, not over curated. This is the best dinning experience I have had in SF this year.
I had a girls dinner here back in December and Lolo still remains on my list as one of the best meals I've had in the city. We got: fried brussel spourts, Hearst ranch beef sliders, pistachio-encrusted salmon with wasabi cream sauce (drool). Everything was amazing! Most especially the salmon. More than two months ago and I'm still salivating looking at my food porn pictures. The ambiance was so cute too--cute booths and cheery yellow walls with quaint paper boats made out of magazines. The bathroom also has bird chirping sounds in it...so that's pretty cool. I'm definitely making my way back here sometime!
There were a big group of us, and we waited about 30 minutes for a table to open up. Customer service was great; they had to ask a table to leave since they had finished their meal, paid, and had been just lingering. And even though we had only ask for a table of 7, they were so accommodating that they weren't mad at us trying to cram in two extras! And the food was also pretty amazing! Especially the grambas bravas and the calamari and squid croquetta! We were pretty much the last party left at the restaurant, but we didn't feel rushed! It was a really good experience and will definitely come back!
Ambience: 4Service: 4 Food: 4 Very tasty tapas and dishes! We ordered about ten different dishes and they were all really good. My personal favorite was the mushroom empanadas.
Great food, horrible, slow, backwards service. It seemed like there was no manager working. The kitchen would put out entrees 15 minutes apart, for a party if 2. Our drinks came after we finished our apps. It was a mess!
Great atmosphere, friendly service, and yummy food! Definitely a small place with two separate dining areas, of which we were in the smaller of the two. But my group of three never felt cramped or too close to our surrounding tables.Everything was so scrumptious, and we cleaned each plate, except for the octopus, which was a little too smokey and heavy on the spices for us.Sangria was delicious!
WOW.THE FOOD WAS AMAZING!My boyfriend and I started with chips & guacamole. Very good, we finished it within two minutes.We then shared a quesadilla and pork carnitas. I am not lying the pork carnitas were the best I've EVER HAD. We sat outside which was nice. Our service wasn't anything to special but wasn't terrible.
Food is absolutely delicious! We had the kale salad, tuna tacon, and empanadas. All very tasty. There were a ton of options that sounded really good. Wish we had also ordered the carnitas, heard they are fantastic! Can't wait to go back!
This place is delicious and the customer service is outstanding...... I first ordered the Taco Tropical and is to die for..... Everything we tried was just amazingly good.... Is a very cute unique place and the price is just right..... Best food I had in a long time..... Highly recommended
Good fusion Mexican - Mediterranean on 22nd and Mission.Selection of interesting "Mexiteranean" as they call it on the menu, tapa type dishes, which arrive artfully arranged with interesting dipping sauces or aiolees, is the highlight at lolo. On my visit we sat at the bar with 2 other people and while it was ok - i think this place works bretter for parties of 2. The benefit of having a larger party is it allows one to sample more dishes and on this visit i tried the pistachio salmon, meat balls, lamb sliders, ricota beet creation, and a salad, all of which were solid 3-4 stars.Overall the food seemed interesting and the service was ok with an exception of the hostess seeming a bit spaced (or overwhelmed).  The interior is interesting and professionally done which definitely earns the place some credit - really i wish i could give the place 3.5 or even 3.75 stars, but with 3 ppl total check being just shy of $100 id say this is not a value destination, though i would not call it overpriced either.
Lolo catered our daughter's wedding at the Potrero neighborhood house. The food was awesome, the sangria great! Juan Carlos was there the whole night and his staff awesome! One guest told me "Best wedding food ever!" Lolo even arranged for a lady making fresh tortillas on site and we never ran out of food. Thank you Lolo for a memorable wedding party!Thank you Donna Wood, of the White Buffalo, Truckee, for introducing us to Lolo!
To my dismay they were serving brunch when I went in. I forgot it was 3 pm on a Saturday. The ambiance was terrible- bright lights at the bar with ugly shades kept me from raising my head too much (not sure what they were going for here). The terrible 80's love jams killed any short of enjoyment left to have. I had the kale salad which I felt was lacking substance the the dressing was too bitter. The lamb sliders were just okay. Their mushroom stroganoff dressing would of been better over pasta. To top it off, the waiter threw away my salad that was more then 3/4 left without asking if I wanted to take it home. All in all I felt I wasted both my money and time at this place.
I can't believe my first time at Lolo, just a few blocks away from my apartment, was only a few weeks ago!This is the perfect place to go if you're in the mood for amazing higher-end mexican food, great margaritas, an intimate yet upbeat atmosphere, and with outdoor seating.The mexican fondue: oxaca cheese, cilantro, tomato, onion and garlic is AMAZING. It comes in a small pot with a candle underneath to keep it warm. The tangerine-basil margarita has quickly become my favorite. My only reccomendation would be having the margaritas available in pitchers!Oh and the check comes in an adorable baby cowboy boot. HOW CAN YOU NOT FALL IN LOVE WITH THAT?
This place looks like it fell out of the castro and hit it's head on the way down to the mission with tacky decor, the bad house music and abrasive lighting to match the equally uninspiring food. The shrimp tacos, which was served to me by mistake, were flavorless and overpriced . The carnitas gorditas, also flavorless and very greasy. They gave a bad name to mexican food. I was hungry enough to order more food but my palate could only handle so much mediocrecy in one sitting.I sat at the bar and waited far too long to be greeted. I guess the owner sat down next to me afterwards and was served long before me, which seemed a little self entitled and unhospitable. I found myself tempted to walk out. I ordered two things one of which the bartender got wrong, but what do you expect from someone whose focus is centered on the owner and not the guest.
My new favorite tapas restaurant. This one is not traditional Spanish style. It is contemporary mission district style! My first impression: the deco shocked me with an intense visual sense. As it prepared me for the shock of taste sense: Taco Tropical is so great: shrimp, pineapple, citrus, and top with spicy aioli sauce which made it very special. The tortilla is made of jicame, an edible root that resembles a turnip. This is a must try! Also tried shrimp Ceviche and Gorditas. They are delicious but not as memorable as Taco Tropical.
Monthly Tuesday dinner out with the girls and my 2 year old (who is well behaved thank goodness). July was Lolo...Very cute atmosphere, little loud but lively.Order a manda-mas and it was delicious - had to order a second one of course.We ordered the fried brussel sprouts, taco tropical, oxtail empanadas, tuna tacon and then had to try the squid in black ink croquetas - because we saw them at the next table and they looked great. Very impressed by the creativity and taste of the food! My daughter really liked the yucca "taco" shell with the taco tropical. Overall we all really liked everything and if didn't get so full would of ended up ordering more. And they don't rush you away, which for a busy restaurant is an absolute plus.Definitely would recommend Lolo...
The most extraordinary experience I have had in the Mission. Don't miss it.
This is, seriously, about as good as it comes.Incredible flavors, great selection, good portion sizes and value.  Friendly, attentive, service, relaxed atmosphere.I got the pulled pork on some sort of fried corn thing, the lamb sliders, and the cheese fondue. Pork and fondue were excellent and unique, lamb sliders were solid (just can't say unique).
This restaurant is excellent. We ordered grilled cod (from the specials), guacamole, tropical tacos, and the lamb sliders. Everything was delicious, timely, and well-portioned. My only complaint is that it is a bit overpriced. Service was good. Cocktails were delicious (but were the most overpriced item. Didn't even get a buzz of a $8 margarita, tsk tsk). Overall, wonderful experience and definitely lives up to its hype!
The inspired culinary team is amazing. I have never had anything in this restaurant that was less than spectacular. If you are a meat and potatoes kind of person, this may not be your place. It is fresh, exotic, flavorful, worldly and full of passion.
I love this place. The staff is friendly and courteous and the food is delicious and very creative. The cocktails rock! What else can you ask for? I'm definitely a repeat customer.
What a great space! My friends and I met up here for the first time in a long time. LOTS of great tapas. Pork shoulder, roasted beet, crab croquetas, so many wonderful things! Try them all. I'd definitely go back with friends!
I had been drinking all evening and was pretty wavy when I came in but the food and drinks were excellent. It was pretty crowded and loud like every other tapas place in the mission.
I really like this place! I came across it via yelp, so thank you yelpers. One of the best tapas places I've been too. I had their portobello mushrooms and their brussel sprouts, but out of the two the brussel sprouts was my favorite. Also, I had a nice glass of Rose which I unfortunately forgot the name of. Service was great. My only complaint was the wait for this place and the incredibly rude host in the front. Thankfully, my waiter was a sweetheart.
Went here on a first date and it was a great venue for that kind of thing - not at all stuffy and with quirky decor and a lively atmosphere. We didn't make reservations so after a 20 minute or so wait we were seated at the bar. The bartender/server was really friendly and made great recommendations for food and wine. We had the mixed seafood ceviche, crab tostadas, gorditas blue (short ribs), and beef sliders. All delicious and portions were great, especially for tapas.The only thing is that we were hoping to order the oxtail we'd seen on the menu online but they didn't have it anymore and just hadn't updated the website in a while. Not a huge gripe though, although I'd like to come back when they do have it. Would come back again!
Great food and fantastic drinks. Service however was a bit lackluster. Our bartender was very nice ONCE we go hold of him and he was not off chatting with his girlfriend or on his phone. Service could do with being more attentive and proactive. If someone's drink is empty, ask if they would like another one, don't just wait for them to try and flag you down.
Seriously, this place was such a cluster-you-know-what. We put our name down at 6, were told we'd have a table at 7. We came back at 7, and were told it'd be another half hour--that there was only one group ahead of us and she'd call us when it was ready. When we still hadn't gotten a call at 7:50, we came back and still didn't have a table--although we saw TWO tables with different people, so obviously she'd lied and seated at least two groups of people ahead of us!! When we finally got a table, two freakin' hours after she said it'd be ready, to be honest we were expecting something free from them. But no, we didn't even get an apology. Then to top it all off, it took another half hour before our server came to take our order, aaaand they forgot one of our friend's drinks. So yeah, definitely come here if you want feel rage-y and lied to!!
Kind of oily, kinda fatty.. it was enough to make my head start hurting... but I have a feeling i just ordered the wrong things because everyone else had food that looked pretty good.Tried:- Brussel sprouts - A little bit on the oily side, but I did enjoy this dish a lot. It was really flavorful - shrimp tacos - Not what I was expecting, and wasn't in the mood for this after the oily brussel sprouts. I think if i ordered this without the sprouts it would have been ok. Shrimp was really fresh. It was wrapped in some sort of thin.. uh.. radish type vegetable used as a taco shell, with some tomatoes and stuff... Overall. it was okay- lamb sliders - Again, super oily for me, and a sauce that was just super heavy and over the top. And they served it with a side of super oily super thin potatoes which just soaked up a ton of oil.. it was way too over the top for me with pickeled peppers on top of the sliders.. The meat seemed so-so fresh.All in all, I felt a little sick while leaving cause it was so darn oily, but the wait staff was super friendly, the restaurant had a really nice atmosphere, and it was clean... maybe this type of food just isn't for me.
I found Lolos to be at moments brilliant and at other times meh.Brilliant: taco tropical and tuna tacon were both unique and flavorful. Drinks were excellent as well.Meh: bland guacamole, bland ceviche ....quality ingredients in both but they were just plain bland.Worth a try certainly, but I'm in no hurry to return.
We chose to try Lolo for dinner after a lovely afternoon watching the LPGA tournament. Hadn't been out in the Mission for years and the Yelp reviews helped to make the selection. Did not disappoint! Great decor, warm staff and friendly patrons. Each dish we ordered was tasty and well presented. We love Brussels sprouts and theirs took them to a new level. It was difficult to choose among so many appealing dishes and not sure we made the best combinations. But all excellent and we will be back to try more. As we were geezers in a young crowd, will definitely recommend to our son who recently moved to SF.
Fucking disgusting overly greasy confused cuisine. I don't know what the hell is going on here by they served plain boiled corn with mayonnaise on top. There was a beet dish that tasted like can beets with cheese smeared in between resting on a bed of OIL. I literally have to stop at Walgreens now to pick up an antacid for food that I had no more than a few bites of. I don't understand any of the hype with this place except for the group of ridiculously dressed hipsters.
Offers a gourmet twist on Mexican food. A nice blend of spices and fresh ingredients. Empanadas and the seared tuna tacos were our favorites. Delicious selection of fresh salsas, too! The margarita was awesome!
New location is really cool. Sat at the bar and ordered a few different items to go along with my draft beer. The ceviche was delicious, but the hit of the night was the carnitas. Purely delicious. Will need to venture back to try some of the other items.
Lalo's is my favorite Tapas restaurant in SF, we take all our friends and family when they visit and are never disappointed. The staff are charming and fun, the restaurant has warm intimate ambiance and cool vibe. The food is delicious, creative and gluten free yippee.Its our fun date night place, we always have a fantastic experience and that's why we come back time and time again.Thank you Tristan & Ashley
We had lunch there on a Friday afternoon and the food was mediocre at best. Nearly everything was deep fried. I think it has the four stars because of perhaps a more extensive dinner menu (and better food).Our drinks were a watered down mocktail and a very sour iced tea. I asked what was in it, and I guess it was the lime (too much of it). The server then asked if I liked it, and I honestly said I didn't, and that it tasted terribly sour... he didn't react. Then why ask?The roasted beets were delicious though.
On Monday, October 1, I phoned Lolo to find out what their outdoor seating was like. It was a beautiful night and my friends wanted to sit outside. The hostess could only manage to bark back at me "do you want a reservation? how many people?". After telling her a few times that I wanted to know if we could sit outside and what the seating was like (e.g., back patio, front sidewalk), she simply repeated "do you want a reservation? how many people? what time?" without answering my question then she said "whatever". I hung up on her.My friends and I assumed she must have language difficulties. Only that could explain her rudeness on the phone so we phoned back, made a reservation then walked the few blocks to Lolo to see what the situation was. When we got there, she was just as rude in person and seemed totally sketchy. None of us believed her claim that the wait would be one hour. We decided she must suffer from a chemical imbalance and waited at the parklet next door for awhile before concluding this:San Francisco has the highest per capita number of restaurants and bars of any city in the U.S. Many of those have POLITE staff and those are the restaurants and bars we will visit.Lolo = yuck. An unhappy place.
A surprising and delightful taste experience ~ Mexican tapas. Eight of us shared many dishes, and loved them all: an unusually flavorful guacamole, a delicious kale salad, A la Diabla Shrimp that packed heat but not at the expense of flavor, to name a few, and to cap off our meal, a platter of small ice-cream meringues for a birthday dessert. Will return soon ~
Amazing experience! Service was fantastic. Robert was a sweetheart. Loved the festive Barcelona decor. Food was delicious, small plates, but you will be surprise how full you can get! You have to order the crispy shrimp tacos (It's called something else on the menu). Warning...they may be a little too generous with the alcohol level in their drinks...Authentic tapas style! You'll have a great time at Lolo...Must go!
Generously sized + tasty cocktails. Food was not up to par - too much oil and no creative vegetarian options. Fried brussels sprouts with red wine "reduction" were greasy and sauce was not cooked! Tasted very alcohol-y. Portobella quesadillas were more like empanadas, and I couldn't taste the mushroom. Just tasted fried. Artichokes were not tender enough to eat successfully and again, very, very oily. I don't know why a restaurant would serve artichokes anyway.
awesome. great decor. good food.. wobbly table :( every time someone from the table next to me got up their butt pushed past my wobbly table. but this is not a bad review. i'd love to go again! beautiful place.. lovely people, cheerful and comfortable waitress! food ok ok in taste.. well served.. nicely plated :)
Went here for dinner last night. We didn't have a reservation when we arrived, but the girl at the host stand told us there was a reservation available for about 30 minutes later or we could wait for a seat at the bar. We opted for both, and put our name down while waiting.I went to the bar to order some drinks while we waited for a seat. I was asked by who I thought was the barback what I wanted, and ordered two glasses of sangria. I was surprised at how long it took, and saw the person I ordered from just standing and watching someone else making drinks. I was watching, too, as I expected they would just pour some sangria out of a pitcher into a glass and I'd be on my way, but that wasn't what was happening. Did he even actually take my order? Did he deliver it to the bartender? Where is my drink? Well, it turns out yes, the barback was the one who had taken my order, and delivered it after the bartender made it, and it WAS my drink the bartender was making--it seems they make the sangria glass-by-glass. So, it's not full of fruit as you might expect--it's more of a cocktail--but it looked good, so I wasn't complaining. The trouble, though, was that somehow the barback had only asked the bartender for ONE sangria and I had to order a second, so I delivered the first glass to my friend waiting by the host stand and I returned to wait again for the second glass to be mixed. The barback then told me the price was $22, the same as the rest of their cocktails, but when he actually brought the bill, it was the expected $16, plus tax. (Side note: I hate it when bars add tax to drinks at the bar--can't you just roll that into the price like most every bar everywhere? Sheesh.) Anyhow, the sangria was quite good, and they had a table ready faster than they expected, so by the time the one-by-one drinks were made, they had a table ready for us. Sweet!If I was unimpressed by the interaction at the bar, the table service was great. We were brought water as we were taking off our coats and sitting down, and our server was there a moment later with menus. We were quite hungry, so asked immediately for a recommendation of something to start with that we could order as an appetizer. He suggested the Taco Tropical, which we had seen in other reviews was quite good, so ordered that. We then sorted out the rest of our meal. We came up with 5 or 6 things that sounded good, and when our server returned, asked how many items he recommended. He said 3 or maybe 4 depending on how hungry you are, but he also said it depends on what you're getting. So, we told him we were also looking at Roasted Beets, Mexiterranean Cheese Fondue, Crab Cake Croquettes, and Tuna Tacon. The meatballs also looked good, but we opted for the fondue over the meatballs. He said with the items we had chosen, that would probably still be fine, so we ordered the four additional items (plus the Taco Tropical that was already on the way).The Taco Tropical came and we dug in. It was followed quickly by the Roasted Beets. The Taco Tropical was awesome, and was the most flavorful thing we ordered. I didn't realize that the shrimp would be deep-fried, which I was less excited about since I don't eat much fried food, but it was really good all the same. The Roasted Beets look almost like a layer cake, with the beets and the "feta mousse" layered up. It was good, but not great--we both agreed we wouldn't order that one again.Next out was the fondue, a cast-iron pot with fire under it containing the cheesy goodness. When it came out, the cheese wasn't quite all melted yet, but they give you a spoon in it, and we just stirred it a few times before starting on it so it was all melted and mixed with the sauce also in the pot. The only thing you get to dip in it is tortilla chips, which made it more like nachos than fondue to me, but the seasoning was good and we quite enjoyed the dish.The croquettes and Tuna Tacon came out last, at about the same time. The Tuna Tacon was very good also. I think I still liked the Taco Tropical better, as it seemed so very fresh and delicious, but both were excellent. The croquettes were also quite good, and this time I expected the deep-fried preparation, but I thought they were a bit too creamy inside so you didn't notice the texture of the crab meat at all. I would order them again, but they were lower on the list of our likes. Definitely the taco dishes led the charge on tastiness at this night's meal.Overall, it was a tasty meal, the sangria was flavorful, and we had a great time. The service was always right on time (at the table, anyhow), our water glasses were never empty, and it turned out to be just the right amount of food. When we finished, we could probably have eaten one more smaller item or dessert, but didn't *need* anything else. Oddly, we decided to skip dessert and call it a night, but left pleasantly filled and eager to come back another time to try more of the menu.
Very good food, but WAY too overpriced. We had the -Crab Tostadas: very tasty, with lots of meat, fresh avocado slices are a plus-Ceviche: good, but I've had much better-Chocolate Dessert: good, but too sweetProbably won't be returning anytime soon.
Everything here was delicious! Service was great. The staff gave good suggestions. We already had 5 dishes for 2 people, and we wanted to add one more dish the server had recommended, the tuna tacon. The server stopped us because he thought we had enough food. Then a minute later, he came back and suggested that we swap out the roasted beets for the tuna tacon. We didn't regret that choice one bit. (I award bonus points to restaurants where I am saved from my own gluttony and from the sadness of wasting food!)I liked the plating and flavors of every dish we ordered. I liked that there was a lot of variety in the dishes as well. Even though the things we ordered were all similar in nature (some sort of seafood or meat covered in sauce and laid on top of a sheet of carbs), there was very little repetition in the ingredients, and I did not feel like I was eating the same dish 5 times over. * sparkling sangria: Yummy!* ceviche* taco tropical: The taco wrapper was made from jicama, which was an interesting twist. The shrimp was very nicely seasoned.* crab tostadas* tuna tacon: The sauce on this one was extra delicious. * oxtail tostadas: The oxtail was very soft. * ice cream sandwich: Espresso ice cream inside profiteroles with chocolate sauce drenched all over the plate in front of your eyes. Delicious!!! * flan: We really didn't need this after the ice cream sandwiches... Okay, we didn't even really need the ice cream sandwiches.TOTAL: $80 before tax and tip. I think we had the right amount of food for 2 people with above average appetites.
Very cute, casual and intimate little tapas restaurant tucked away in the heart of the ultra hip Mish. My girlfriend and I stopped here on a Saturday night around 9pm in June. We were really surprised because it was busy but not full and we were seated right away. Our experience? See below:Service - 4 stars. Very good, hostess was quick to seat us, server was efficient, friendly, suggestive on menu items, and checked in on us a few times during dinner.Food - 2 stars. Would have been 4 stars if the ceviche wasn't so bad. Of the 3 dishes we tried, 1 was good, 1 was alright, 1 was bad. The tuna tacon was awesome, they're basically seared tuna mini tacos with some other things mixed in. The fried brussel sprouts were fine but uneventful. And the seafood ceviche was so sour that we couldn't taste anything but the extreme sourness. Yes yes yes, I know ceviche in some cases in intended to be sour but in this case it was overboard to the point of almost being unedible.Price and Value - 3 stars. The prices are reasonable but the portions are slightly on the small side. Our brussel sprouts were a modest $6, the tuna tacon was a particularly good value at $10, and the ceviche was an unworthy $11 but it did have a lot of seafood in it. Portion are quite small.
I really don't understand what's the buzz about this place besides the quirky decor. The taco's didn't look very appetizing (something to do with the way the dishes were presented, and food in general wasn't tasty comparing to many other Mexican or Mexican fusion restaurants I've been to. Don't understand the hype of Lolo. Can't stand the crazy noisy laughter from the table next to me - 6 young females having a "fabulous" girls night and talking so loud about their personal stories. Enough. Don't need to hear drama with real Dolby surround sound while I am struggling to finish up the infamous Lolo's tacos. I guess my two stars is purely for the service.
Having heard little about this place yet enough to peak my curiosity, I picked Lolo and was ready for the adventure. Small plates, Inspired by Turkish and Mexican cultural dishes with a modern twist.It's no secret that I love Seafood, so that may have been the reason I picked this place. I love interesting dishes and combination of ingredients. You can tell a lot of thought and planning goes into the food they serve.To drink - I had a Sparkling Sangria. Very tasty and really light, could have had them all night. Tasted like a sangria with a champagne topper, but they could have carbonated the sangria. I will have to do further research to determine how they make it.We were not that hungry so we picked out a couple dishes. We ordered the Pistachio Encrusted Salmon with Wasabi Cream Sauce, Crab Tostadas and the Fried Brussels Sprouts.Everything was great. Love when I come across a great find.
Another SF jewel. More than a quickie lunch we enjoyed. Take ur time and savor each morsel. Chicken torta to die for, carnitas yum. And don't miss the brussel sprouts, even if U think u don't like them. And order an ice tea ... A real surprise.
I went on a date to Lol a few weeks ago, and the food was incredible. We had the Octopus Tiradito (carpaccio with chili flakes, sea salt, and aioli), and embarrassingly I thought it was just a beautiful dish and the octopus was on it's way. In fact, it was octopus carpaccio, and the presentation was so gorgeous that it was hard to start eating (once I realized that it was, in fact, the food). After one bite, however, it was difficult not to inhale it in giant forkfuls. Per the waiter's recommendation, we also had the tuna tacon and the carnitas. The tacon tasted great, but was not especially unique.  The carnitas, on the other hand, was an especially flavorful and exciting dish. I also enjoyed a wonderful glass of malbec, while my date ordered an interesting and delicious mezcal-based cocktail. When I go back, I'll have to go with someone a bit more adventurous who would want to try the crab tostadas, mezcal bbq gorditas, and the eggplant-based dish (my absolute favorite food), assuming they still have these since the menu seems to change frequently. The atmostphere also merits a mention, as it's a fun, energetic, and lively space - none of the dark, divey trend that seems to have invaded all fancy restaurants. If I need to use a candle/cellphone flashlight to read the menu, it's just too dark. I also was a bit weirded out by the chirping bird soundtrack in the restroom. Apparently I'm not quite hipster enough for the Mission... or possibly am just getting old and grumpy. Either way, Lol is a standout among the many excellent restaurants in that area.
What an amazing neighborhood gem!! We enjoyed Taco tropical, Chicken confit tinga, Carnitas, and Grilled asparagus all of which were perfectly cooked and delicious.
Lolo was great food, service and price! We were seated even though the other half of our party was not yet present. Sebastian our server was awesome. He didn't rush us at all. Even though he was busy he had time to chat with us occasionally. He recommended the 3 staple taco dishes and we were not disappointed. The food was clearly delicious and everyone liked the beverages they chose. Will return.
This place had the most amazing tapas ever. I came here last night with one of my friends, right when we got in we were greeted by this cute waiter, the hostess seated us almost immediately at the bar (we didn't get there until about 10pm, I had called earlier in the day for reservations for 2 at 8pm and they'd told me they were completely booked!). The space itself is pretty small, but very cutely decorated. The bartenders were also very cute haha.My friend and I ordered the brussel sprouts, tuna tropical, tuna tacone, the ravioli dish, and the squid ink croquetas. Everything was delicious. We were also starving at the time, but still I think even if we hadn't been starving everything would have tasted very good. Everyone definitely needs to try the tuna tacones!!! If I ever get to go back there, I think that might be all I would order, it was so good. Kind of pricey, but worth every single dollar, in my opinion. I definitely want to come back with my boyfriend and try more dishes and have about 10 more tuna tacones haha
Pistachio Salmon... DO IT!!!!! its SO delicious... I love this place. The atmosphere is so different. There are bright colors and eye stimulants everywhere. And the food is just as bright, My absolute favorite dish from this restaurant HAS to be the mussels in the orange broth... Its a spicy savory creamy sauce that goes perfectly with the long piece of brucetta bread they bring out with it. Its great for a couples dinner or going out with your girlfriends. the pistachio salmon is SO different.I love raw seafood, the salmon is lightly crusted but very pink on the inside. DELICIOUS!
Good tapas, but I have to say the prices are a tad high for what you get. grass fed meatballs with eggplant puree- 3 meatballs for $14. delicious, but really?roasted beets w/ cheese- it's fine, but nothing specialbread and dip- comes free and dip is delishice cream sliders (espresso gelato w/ almond cookies and melted chocolate)- yummy but you get two very small (macaron diameter) sliders for $8. ox tail empanadas- good, but a little too fried on the outside for meDespite my minor complaints on value, I would definitely come back to try more of their menu.
I love great food and Mezcal so how could I not love this place. Well they go way beyond my expectations. The bartender is amazing! I had the best cocktail of my life there last night. Not an easy feat as I have had my share of cocktails and then some. The food is always amazing too. The new place is so fun and quirky with lot's more seating. My friends from out of town always want to go here when they visit and I'm more than happy to take them!
Delish! There wasn't a dish that didn't satisfy. With 650+ reviews I don't think I have much to add. Really cute decor inside, walls hung with kids clothes and interesting wall murals made with food packaging.Get the Tuna Tacon! Tuna tacon was everyone's (4/4) favorite. Tuna tacon Tuna tacon tuna tacon...I didn't much love the Octopus Cerviche (thin lemony octopus layers) in comparison to the other dishes, but it wasn't bad.
My friend took me hear recently, i'd seen it before and always just walked by for some reason, higher end mexican restaurants aren't always veggie friendly so i guess i'd discounted them in my mind. I was wrong, this place is great, and had a ton of great vegetarian options. We had the corn on the cob, braised brussel sprouts, squash blossom empanadas, and raviolis.The corn would have been better grilled rather than boiled, but was still good, the brussel sprouts were exceptional, the empanadas were fine, but the ravioli was amazing. Huitlacoche (corn smut) and cheese in a floppy flat pasta wrapper, simmered in a subtly spiced cilantro cream sauce with pine nuts and shaved cheese. Had my dining partner not been there i would have drank the sauce when we finished the pasta. social restraint and the fear of a hear attack was the only thing holding me back. Next time who's to say.
A great take on mexi-cali fusion food. The panko breaded avocado tacos are sublime. The tables by the kitchen can use some form of ventilation. It gets hot. Reminded me of Tacolicious a bit. But has its own uniqueness.
Good food. Terrible service. What's the point of making reservations if you have to wait thirty minutes anyway for your table--no apologies, just "We're running late" from a hostess with attitude. After we were seated, service improved some. As for the food, it was good, especially the pork. I wish I had more to say, however the poor customer service left a bad taste in my mouth.
A lively, fun, place with very good food. Had the special of the night, fish tacos- crispy, good sauce. Carnitas tacos were melt-in-your-mouth goodness. The sauce on the Diablo shrimp was creamy and tasty. Shrimp was perfectly cooked. The only downer was the kale salad- the dressing had way too much vinegar- too strong and overpowering. Could barely eat it. Brought it home so I could add more kale to it. Service was very engaging and friendly.
Wonderful food and drinks. Loved everything about this restaurant. Will be back next time i am in san fran!
Really cozy tapas place in the Mission! I loved all of the food, highly recommend the empanadas and the brussels sprouts. Be warned though that one tapa is like a 1/3 of a meal and costs around $6-7 so you're looking at $18-$21 per person plus drinks. Personally we loved the atmosphere and food but got hungry an hour later and went to Taqueria Cancun.
Brought my colleagues from work as it's one guy's favorite place. Wonderful food served in an eclectic environment. Highly recommend the drinks and brussels sprouts. We had a reservation for Friday brunch at 11:30 when they open, but were one of 3 groups there. Lots of veggie options!
We found this place due to the great reviews and it was so good we ate dinner there one night and breakfast there the next! Fantastic food and very nice owners and wait staff. Do not miss this place if you are in town!
Nice ambience and decor. It was a small place and felt a bit cramped but not uncommon in San Fran so not a huge deal since I was near the bar and windows. It got super packed on a Saturday night so you def need reservations. The food tasted fresh with unique flavors and beautiful presentation. The bartender was sweet and provided great service. He was mixing some delicious beautifully presented drinks as well. All the plates are like tapas for sharing. My fave was the pistachio encrusted salmon and the shrimp tropical tacos!!!
oh my god, if i could come here everyday, i would. that is how amazing this place is. and it doesnt hurt my wallet too! the most expensive dish would be 15 dollars. they plate the food really well, just like a fancy restaurant. i tried the heirloom tomatoes, and usually i cant eat big pieces of tomatoes by itself, but im pretty sure i could eat 2 of these! it has a very refreshing and unique taste and the cheese adds nice texture. i also tried the taco tropical, oh delicious! very warm and crunchy, the shrimp has nice flavor and fried just right. The braised short rib gorditas, i am SO glad i got these. highlight of the meal bc they were just so soft, juicy, and goes so well with the spices. I also tried the kobe beef tacos --grilled to perfection and delightful. also had the chips and cheese/salsa combo, very good and gooey, and has a hint of spicyness. also tried the flan, ahh definitely made my sweet tooth fall in love. the ambiance is very nice and comfy, sort of worn in. The decor is very quirky, the mirrors in the back have a bird imprinted on it, very artsy. The bathroom door is decorated by cereal boxes and the wall facing the bar is adorned by small paper boats! the lamps are cool, polka dots and strings hanging off of it. I was told the wife of the owner decorated this place! she did a good jobwill definitely come back!!!
Solid Four stars....very cute restaurant, great cocktails and good tapas. Service is what you expect from the Mission, friendly & knowledgeable about the menu but inattentive as hell. The star of the show for me was the fried brussel sprouts and tajin rim on the house margaritas. Guac was decent, tuna could have been better quality in the tacones and the fondue was fun. The child size boot they put the check in is a little creepy---made me look over my shoulder a few times expecting to see el Chuckito.
Amaazzing everything! Mescal margarita, roasted peppers, vegetable quesadilla, shrimp diabla. Damn delicious. Try and get a reservation; this place will get crazy busy 24/7.
Lolo lured me in with its bright colors and cute name. I used to call an ex-bf Lolo (short for Laurent), and as he was a great person I got a warm feeling from this place.If I had only stuck to wine, I think the warm feeling would have lasted longer. Lolo works well as a wine bar, but its attempts at fusion fall short of four stars. The wine list favored South American and Spanish wines, which is just right for me. You can taste the sun in those wines. The ceviche mirasol and taco tropical were both too bland for my taste, despite the presence of peppers and spices! Octopus tiradito was more flavored than the other dishes, but La Mar's octopus is far more interesting and delicious. Decor is very welcoming; imagine that you're entering a Oaxacan abuela's home with a lot of bright, vivid colors and interesting art on the walls, and maybe some tchotchkes laying around.But lolo, spice up the food a bit! We need that warm feeling!
We visited Lolo last Fri and were impressed with the experience. For starters, the decor is bright & fun and the atmosphere is warm & inviting. Tables are parked closely together, which for some reason seems cozy instead of an inconvenience. For grub we had two glasses of malbec (at a reasonable $8) followed by the chips & salsa (free!), brussel sprouts ($6), chicken tostadas ($8), and carnitas ($15). Our fav dish by far was the brussel sprouts. The portion was large, the brussels were perfectly cooked and the hazelnuts were delicious and crunchy. Our least fav was the carnitas. Despite the yummy homemade tortillas, the meat wasn't as flavorful as we hoped (Nopalito carnitas have better flavor in my opinion). When it came to service, the waiter was very attentive and helpful, but I wish he told us the specials when he gave us menus vs. when it came to ordering. Also, he forgot the guac we ordered. Overall a fun & delicious experience. We'll definitely be coming back to try gorditas and reorder the brussels!
Per my taste buds, I'd rate this place as a 3, but definitely worth trying. Taking into consideration the feedback from the 3 boys I went with, I am bumping this up to a 4.FUN, decorative, bright/colorful decor. LOVED it. very unique. Food was also followed suit. Their dishes definitely aren't the "americanized" versions like andalu - you get interesting new dishes that are VERY tasty.Favorite dishes (between the 4 of us):carnitas (so moist) - wish the meat itself was a little more flavorfuloctopus gorditaspistachio crusted salmonheirloom tomatoesbrussel sproutstropical tacos
You must get shrimp taco tropical. I kid you not, this was a life changing dish for me. i was expecting a ho-hum shrimp taco, but this was surprised me completely. The flavor combination so novel and interesting that I am still musing even 3 weeks later. On the other hand, the octopus tiradito left something to be desired. Delicious as it was paper thin, but then again paper thin. You cannot even see it on the plate. The total amount of octopus has be less than 30g. The drinks were delicious, the interiors fun and funky. The service was average. Our server was clearly distracted during our meal. The most surprising thing following the shrimp taco was the price point. The food cannot be beat for the price. Will go back again.
I love their Taco Tropical. It's fried shrimp taco that doesn't taste heavy or greasy. I love that instead of a tortilla, they use a thin slice of jicama that makes the entire dish refreshing. The mango salsa is a little sweet and has a tiny kick of heat. This is my favorite dish because of the flavor. I usually recommend my dinner party to order their own because their grubby little fingers are not touching my tacos!Corn, brussels sprouts, crab croquetas, their drinks are all super yummy too. I love the decor in their new location. It makes me feel so happy seeing all the colors and quirky art. It's a busy place, so make sure you have reservations!!!
On our way to see a play at the Marsh last Saturday night and had about 40 minutes to spare. We were hungry, so we decided to use yelp to find a place for a quick bite to eat. What a find! The decor is colorful and charming but the tables are pretty close together. We couldn't get a table without a reservation but luckily, there were seats at the bar. We had black mojitos, oxtail empanadas, chicken confit tacos, shrimp tacos and the pork shoulder gorditas. Everything. Was. Superb.Yay! I'm definitely a fan.
Walked in at 5:10 to be told place didn't open until 5:30. People were sitting and eating in both the booths and at bar but whatever. Left, had a cocktail, returned at 6:10 to be told there was now a 2 hour wait. Really? Do you think you might have mentioned the need to make a reservation when you told us to come back? Valencia St. is enough of a hell mouth without the additional agro. Trying too hard twee interior + crappy customer service = can safely cross Lolo off list.
Fantastic tapas. Definitely try the fried avocado tacos, they will blow your mind.
Such a cute little restaurant. Very small and cozy space, great place for either date night or taking friends from out of town. Everything we ordered was really unique and delicious. We wanted to do a family style thing and share, but it's a little hard as the tapas sized items were hard to split among 6 people...we still made it work though. The place was pretty packed so we ended up sitting outside, the servers tried to keep us warm by cranking up the heaters and with sangria (which was so good). Highlights:Halibut tacos: the fish was crispy and so flavorful. I really enjoyed that the "taco shell" was actually jicama...the sweetness was a great balance. Pistachio encrusted salmon: the sauce was really yummy. Tuna tacon: So good, this was my fave of the night. The sauce that it came with on the side was such a great compliment. And the tuna was seared perfectly.Seafood Posole: special of the night...the warm seafood broth was amazing. Plenty of seafood like head on shrimp and scallops.
Friendly, helpful staff - great brunch spot! Love the lamb sliders!
My daughter and I ate at the bar. Very friendly and fun bar staff - took good care of us. Good drinks and good food. She had the beef tacos and I had the ceviche. Both perfect portions. Fun, lively spot, but not so loud that we couldn't have a conversation. I definitely recommend it.
Yummy. Lol is a tasty twist on tapas that I enjoyed whole heartedley.We ordered the taco tropical, tuna tacon, guacamole and the flautas. No room for dessert post these amazing dishes. I tried the sparkling sangria, it was refreshing.I enjoyed the intimate ambiance, definitely make a reservation. Great service also.
Always great service and tasty food - went there with a 1 y/o nephew and they were incredibly helpful in making him a small plate of fresh fruit.
Love this place!! The lamb sliders are to die for and they always have great customer service. Every item on the menu is DELICIOUS and it is a fun place to bring a group of people and order a ton of appetizers to share. This is one of my favorite spots in the city. If you haven't been here yet, you should definitely check it out!
Charming place!! It has a unique character throughout. The food was pretty good too. My favorite was the mushroom enpenadas and the kale salad. Thumbs down to the sangria! It was kinda watered down and had a bitter aftertaste.
Ate here last last with my 2 besties and had a great time and delicious meal. We sat at the bar as we were fashionable late as per usual and our table had to be given up. We didn't mind one bit seeing as we were so late. The bar staff was great, gave us a free drink on the house and the food was exceptional - not to mention the cute decor. This place screams I need a margarita. Plates are rather small but they are packed with flavor. I recommend ordering a few different things off the menu and sharing with all. I will deff be back!
Simply amazing...there isn't a thing on the menu that I wouldn't order again!
This is a true gem - Fantastic restaurant in Mission Area. Food amazing full of exciting flavours. Food presentation excellent . Staff very friendly and efficient despite being totally full. This is a full experience of great food great cocktails great service a lively friendly atmosphere - great decor and we will be recommending it to all our friends in the UK best dish / tuna tacos best ever
AMAZING! Great good, great atmosphere, GREAT service!  Will go again for sure.
I love LoLo for the whimsical, cheerful, and you-cannot-possibly-be-grouchy decor. yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMD It's fun and colorful, much like the food itself. The pistachio encrusted salmon with wasabi sauce was fun to look at, great textures to eat (crunchy tasty on the outside, tender juicy on the inside). yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMD The taco tropical (should be renamed tropical tacolicious) was a charming feast for the eyes and taste buds, consisting of spice dusted shrimp, tropical relish, and chipotle sauce (yes!). yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMD The octopus tiradito was a joke on you - when it arrived, we couldn't tell if there was anything on the plate. yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMD The octopus had been sliced to such slender proportions and drizzled with sauce, like some modern art piece. It tasted citrusy, with a kick. All this delightful food was embellished with a refreshing sparkling sangria. Cathy K and I marked our dining experience for posterity in the West Highland White Terrier book (can you find us?). yelp.com/biz_photos/1hMD Best place to go with your best gal pals!
The Ceviche is sooooooo good. Before i go on, let me speak about the ambiance. It's a small place, very limited seating, the wait was a bit long but well worth it. Very cute restaurant with outdoor seatings as well, great for happy hour. Back to the ceviche, it came with these crispy wonton like crackers, crispy and fluffy. Keep in mind here folks, all of Lolo's food is good and presented beautifully. Octopus Carpaccio, at first glance it looks like just a bunch of sauce on the plate, it's not. The octopus is sliced thiinnly and almost transparent to the plate, indulged in goodness. Must try!Pistacio Salmon - Seared salmon, breaded with postachio, I believe. It was great as well.Ox tail Sliders- nothing interesting besides the fries, it was super crispy and stringy. Mussells - im not a fan of mussels but lolo's muscles was good. It had this sauce that tasted like tangy, sweet and sour. Must try as well.tropical taco- I really like this plate, it's really different and bursting with flavor. Instead of a corn/flour tortilla it was on a round slice of jicama. Gorditas - do not get, it looks like turd and its tasteless.
I give it two stars because the staff was nice and there was atmosphere. As for the food and drinks, not so tasty. Fried Brussel Sprouts: Way too much zinfandel vinaigrette. Cotija Corn: No seasoning. Needed chili or something.Gambas Brava: Soaked in a pool of oil and overcooked.Chicken Tinga: This is the only thing I would order going back. This had flavor and was fine. If you are truly in the mood for tapas, hit up Esperpento down the block or Cha Cha Chas.
I would go there again. Really good tapas. Good prices. mediocre sangria.
My favorite restaurant in the Mission. This is where I take friends who visit. Everything is GOOD! Sliders: amazing!Tort as: delicious! All the meat-y plates are very tasty, especially the cochinita pibil.Can't talk for the fish but my bf tells me they are quite good.Desserts: yum!For 2, we usually order 4-5 plates but we are... Enthusiastic eaters, to say the least.
Kitsch Flair...if you dare! Muy Bueno with a twist. Din-Din is a fun affair.Menu changes ALL the time, lucky it's always fabulous & interesting. I take direction well especially when it comes from hottie knowledgeable wait staff. Full menu served at the bar, my seating preference for full lolo experience. The glass dogs are not just for looks...if you decide you MUST have a quick look around pre-dinner at local boutiques, the guard dogs will hold your bar spot. Woof Woof...a dog after my own heart! Oh, just seeing the stylish espresso machine makes me crave an espresso, now! Some fave's: Bison carpaccio with balsamic reduction & prerequisite capers Tuna tacos marinated in soy sauce w/ spicy red pepper cream sauce Carnitas wrapped in banana leaves with *watch out spicy* grilled pepper Brussel sprouts - lightly fried with whole hazel nuts & crispy shallots make this dish. Limited but lush little wine list by the glass. Rose' is nice with the savory dishes.When it's time for the bill, it comes in a book. Classic. Kitsch flair with food to match...LoLo' I love you, so!
This makes me sound like a lush, but I almost prefer their drinks over their food. Their mezcal drinks are well crafted, and they are meticulous about them.I believe their menu changes regularly. On the latest menu, I enjoyed the crab tostadas (it is dungeness season), and a mussels special with chorizo sauce. The octopus tiradito seemed like it could have been any seafood. The poc-chuc was tastey, but nothing spectacular.Overall, the decor and friendly staff exemplify the SF Mission experience. It's a good place to take out-of-towners, or a small group so you can try many dishes.
Just waxing poetic on what has already been waxed to death. This place is DELICIOUS!The order- Tuna taconFirst bite of the meal, and what a glorious bite it was. Of the whole meal, this was the highlight, and oddly, the only one where the beautifully cooked fish was not overpowered by the sauce- Wonton ravioli with huitlacoche and requesonProbably my least favorite. I loved the arugula sauce. The ravioli itself was soggy and falling apart. - Pistachio encrusted seared salmonThe fatty, delicious seared salmon sang with the wasabi cream sauce. Love this sauce.- Squid ink...something. It was like hush puppies.Tasted like salty hush puppies. It's better than my description gives it justice. It was a nice savory treat.I confess, the bread and that cheese sauce dip in the beginning was divine. I think I dipped everything I ate in that cheese sauce, or whatever it is.Yuppification in action.Like my descriptions? I'm so cultured.
Very cool spot! Has a great rustic chic quality with honest food. I'm a fan!
Fun atmosphere, charming service, delicious food and cocktails.Best items: ice cream sandwiches - chocolate sauce is amazing, tropical shrimp tacos were on jicama and so light and refreshingLamb sliders - tender meat and delicious mushroom gravyWhiskey sour cocktail - like nothing I've had before, with cinnamon, chocolate liqueur and whiskey
Tapas mama, tapas please. . . .this is one of the consistent ones folks. I've been to several tapas joints and every time, I questioned if they switched their cooks. Because each time, it doesn't taste as good, as good as the first time. See what happens when you pop my cherry. But I can say, I'm a born again virgin each time I come here. You see the same staff, receive the same great service and the food is delish. Highly recommend the brussell sprouts more than anything. Had their artichokes before which was a little hard to eat, but also had their guac, beef tacos and flautqas. It was all good. They have wonderful wall art inside and be warned, you may have to wait up to an hour for a table. So make sure to get there early.
The love child of Turkish & Mexican parents, Lolo's flavors are part spice, part kick & 100% delicious. The use of jicama as the "tortilla" in their Taco Tropical made it unexpectedly light & refreshing. As a fan of nuts (get your minds out the gutter), I was pleased to see multiple varieties in several dishes: pistachio encrusted salmon, pinenuts in the arugula & radicchio salad, fried brussel sprouts w/ hazelnuts & candied almonds in their brioche & ice cream dessert.Lolo is right at home in the Mission; it's artsy & somewhat retro decor & furnishings are fun to gawk at. The wall covered in spoons, rubber gloves coming out of the wall (see pic), mismatched seats & your bill tucked into an old school book about dogs is all part of Lolo's kitschy allure.For my party of three, the price of tapas/dessert came out to about $25 per person. Lolo's unique menu, which changes a few times a year, is worth another visit. They keep their online menu updated so you can see what you're getting into before dining here. Service was good; our soft spoken waitress systematically brought out the next dish as we finished the last. Lolo does dinner right.The bottom line: If Lolo were a man, he would've had me at "hello."
LOLO's at 974 Valencia, SF- Wow! OUTSTANDING delicious vegetarian small plates --fresh seafood, cheese empinadas, baby kale and shredded apple salad with tangy lemony dressing and excellent creme brle - oh, and wonderful creative cocktails...although the sangria is fine too. We are coming back! One more thing -- the waiters are very attentive and provide good info. Just a great neighborhood place....
Lol's is one of those places that you don't want to write about, because your one measly little review holds so much power (obviously) that everyone else and their mom might catch wind of it and then you'll never be able to get a seat at one of your favorite hidden tapas spots in the Mission. Okay, except, give me a second to effectively get the f--- over myself and instead sing some well-deserved praise for this funky, delicious little joint.Ambiance is dark, colorful, and kitschy - a lot of recycled materials make up the decor here, which adds almost a tropical-whimsical effect. Toy paper boats lined up as their wallpaper, your check comes in a shoe that looks like it came off a doll or a toddler, and recycled newspapers are embedded into the tabletop at the bar.Then, there's the food. Oh, MAN. The food is spectacular. Even the free bread with their slightly spicy creamy sauce is delicious. Their menu is comprised of small plates, so every dish is meant to be shared and everything is just packed with flavor. You can't go wrong if you start off with the fried brussels sprouts (comes in a red wine vinaigrette and toasted hazelnuts), their signature tacos tropical (fried shrimp tacos with a daikon taco shell), and their lamb sliders are my personal favorite - they come with a savory mushroom sauce and crispy thin shoestring fries. The larger your group is, the more delicious options that are available. But for those dining in smaller parties or on a date, those are my top recommendations. Their menu changes every season or so, so some items may be switched out for others. I'm just going to put my money on this right now and say that nothing will disappoint.If it does, keep in mind they do have sangria if you need a mood elevator.It won't, though, but you can get sangria anyway.
very unique decoration. love the atmosphere! My hubby and I had fried brussel sprout, taco tropical ( the most amazing dish), tuna tacon, crab croqueta. All of them are aboslutely delicious! The sauce are secret key
I cannot wait to get back to Lolo! Went with another couple, which was great because it allowed us to try 8 different plates. Pork belly tacos, queso fundido, and avocado tacos were all standouts. Everything we had was great to awesome, with the exception of the seafood-stuffed pepper, which was still good. Drinks were also varied and had plenty of booze in them. We were there on a Saturday night and never felt rushed.
Like walking into Cheers, the team at Lolo is always welcoming, the service is great, the drinks daring and delicious and the food, well the food will transform your relationship with Mexican fare.
Great ambiance but not impressed with the food. In particular, the corn on the cob and roasted beets were disappointing. Beef tacos were good. Sparkling sangria was my favorite thing of the whole meal.
Service, vinyage ambiance and Simplicity of foods was amazing. Great drinks, yummy chillis, brussel sprouts were like butter and guacamole i could sing about.
Get the ceviche, crab tacos, and the dates with cheese and Spanish ham (this one may be seasonal).Yum, yum, and yum.
By far one of the best restaurants in the mission. Excellent food and super fun atmosphere. The service was incredible, Sebastian and Martin were awesome! Can't wait to go back again. I highly recommend the shrimp tacos wrapped in yucca, absolutely perfect. The brussel sprouts and meatballs were excellent as well!
It was just a matter of finding yet another lunch place to share with my good journalistic buddy Niels, but this experience went way beyond that matter, as it also went way beyond "just a tapas place" or "just Mexican food". The food, though rooted in Spanish and Mexican tradition, is, in its concept, preparation, and presentation, totally unlike anything you'd find in any of the burrito, taco, and quesadilla places around the city, however fine they may be doing with those limited menus. And if you're up for it, be sure to climb on board Lolo's flight of mezcales. The friendly attention of waitpersons and management assures that not only will you discover new delicious forms of alcohol, you'll learn a lot in the process, about the economy, geography, and production of this unique cactus liquor. And/or, wash down your tasty meal (they also do dinners) with one of Lolo's mixed drinks, some based in mezcale, some in tequila. You won't want to leave, but you'll have to in order to come back, which you definitely will.
Update:I realized that my review was quite incomplete. I was taken to this restaurant by my good friend R. We had so much good food and wine that I wrote my review in haste. I will try to remember the evening's event's and help make this a more helpful review:1) We had made reservations for 4 people but unfortunately only 3 showed up. The check in process was smooth. We spoke with the hostess and she had our table ready in 10 minutes or so. I normally would be a little perturbed but I was totally understanding considering it was prime dinner time and how popular this restaurant is, I wouldn't be surprised if they seated someone before us at an earlier seating time and they went over their allotted time.2) The wine: we ordered a bottle of Malbec. Very reasonably price $20-30 range although Malbec can be quite cheap at the grocery stores. Can't really fault the restaurant, they always have alcohol markup.3) The food: (a) Brussel sprouts with hazelnuts: yummy. One of the best renditions of brussel sprouts that I've had. The roasted flavor paired with the hazelnuts and a slightly tangy dressing was to die for. (b) oxtail empanadas: who doesn't like empanadas? especially when filled with luscious braised oxtail that was so tender and juicy the the pastry crust flaky and yummy. (c) lamb sliders: also delish. We had a few more dishes but unfortunately I couldn't remember them due being pretty much drunk. Caveat: let me preface this review and update with some back story: I was out drinking before dinner. Had a cocktail (or two) at Dalva on 16th and Mission before walking to Lolo's for dinner. Also drank a bottle of wine split between 3 people so forgive me if my taste buds were generous. I still would go back sober and try the food again.Enjoy fellow yelpers!
Cute interior, promptly seated, was really looking forward to the kale salad everyone raves about. We were there for brunch. The arugala salad was actually the better of the two salads we ordered. The mexican benedict was ok but a really small portion. The Chilaquiles were terrible - just a plate of chips with onions and a little sauce and a drizzle of beans - we took a few bites and left them as they were too greasy. Left hungry - the food really didn't live up to the hype.
Gawd I love this place! Love, love, love...Here are my favs: GuacamoleRoasted Beets with feta mouse - soo uniqueFried Brussel sprouts - TO DIE FOR!!Taco Tropical - YOU MUST ORDER THIS! MUSTTuna Tacon - mmmmmOnce of my favorite places in the mission!
Five stars because of one item on the menu that I repeatedly swear to myself to be my only order (in multiples of 3): chicken confit 'tinga' tostadas. Bomb.
Birthday dinner with the ladies. A bit disappointed that we weren't seated in the bigger room, but the front space was more intimate I guess. I was quickly distracted by the awesome food. A+ for presentation. My only gripe about the food was that a few of the dishes had similar flavors/seasonings.Do order:The tropical tacos. Best dish by far. It was an explosion of flavors and textures.Crab tostadas-good portion of crabCeviche-I've had better on intl, but it was worth ordering here.Ok:Salmon "encrusted" pistachioSkip:The Brussels sproutsThe octopus-way too heavy on the season ie Lucas chili powder.Will be back for their meat dishes. Never been so excited for Easter!
Great drinks, great food!
After one meal I am a definate fan. Service, Atmosphere, Drinks (margarita one of the best I have ever had), ceviche, bbq tacos.. just wonderful. Be prepared to wait for a table or just hit the bar area and rub elbows with some fun people.
Tapas from Turkey and Mexico? An interesting fusion of flavors for sure, though some dishes tasted like they lacked the Turkish influence. A better alternative to those skanky taco trucks and taqueras serving the same tired old fare. Plus its nice to have decent wine options and a modest ambiance when enjoying Mexican-ish in the Mission.Bread: A freebie, but quite awesome because of the red pepper hummus like dip. Had a bit of a kick. Better than some dip appetizers you actually pay for at restaurants.Lamb Slider: The harissa added a nice diversion from the traditional beef slider. The lamb was overcooked and would have been better medium rare since it tastes more like beef the more well done it is.Taco Tropical: Apparently a specialty and definitely worth checking out. Very few places do the fried fish taco and do it well. This place sets itself apart with using fried shrimp and some tasty fruit relish and cream sauce. Could totally down a whole platter of these!Huitlacoche and Ricotta Stuffed Dumplings: So apparently huitlacoche is corn smut. Not maize porn, but rather some fungus. Don't think I knowingly had this before but it mixes well with the ricotta as traditional mushrooms would. The dumplings were deep fried, wish they are the more elegant potsticker style that is partially steamed and partially fried.Blue Corn Tlacoyos with Bison: Reminded me of a pupusa, but better. Mushy blue corn mass fried with some filling. The bison was shockingly tender, like stewed beef. I'd start eating more bison if it was always this tender.Sultan Likes Lolita: Basically kofta lamb meatballs on a skewer. Not as spicy and flavorful as something you'd find at a good Middle Eastern joint. Some interesting sauce to go with it though.Brioche and Ice Cream: Went for this dessert because it was the only one with dulce de leche. A little small on the dulce de leche pour though. Ice cream was standard, I'm probably spoiled by all the specialty places in this city.
Overrated but still good. Cute space. Hubby had pulled pork sandwich, he really liked it., I had the tacos. Let me start by saying i don't eat Jethro Bodine sized portions (for you kids that means i don't eat LARGE portions). The tacos were good but TINY. Started with guacamole and chips, guac was great but tiny. Tasty but tiny food. Think of it more like tiny tapas. Great tiny food!
3.5 stars on my list. Really cute little spot in the Mission. Fun decor and super friendly and attentive staff. Great date spot or having an evening out with a friend, good place to have a chat and catch up.Food tastes really fresh, ceviche is good! No one plate stood out too much, but it's definitely a fun spot.
After reading the reviews on yelp, I knew I wasn't going be disappointed, but I didn't know I was going to fall in love! I love Lolo's! Their food is absolutely divine! For a party of five, we ordered almost everything on their menu.If I had to choose a favorite, or two, I'd choose the pistachio encrusted salmon with wasabi cream sauce, and the huitlacoche and ricotta stuffed dumplings. But the ceviche was great too, and the flank steak. But then again, everything we had was absolutely delish! Oh yes, and our food arrived quickly after order. We also had two bottles of red wine that complemented well with the food. I give this Mexico/Turkey influenced restaurant an A++!! Lolo, I will see you again soon!They have two small, cute, eclectic, and vibrant rooms. I'd highly recommend making a reservation.
There is nothing about this place I don't like. Food is awesome, atmosphere is great and the service is excellent. Had dinner here once, sat at the bar twice and are really happy we found this gem.
This is the place to go if you're going out for drinks and want some crunchy, greasy bites to help soak up the alcohol. The offerings lean towards the deep-fried, with a variety of croquetas, at least on the night we were there. We started with the deep-fried squash blossom; then followed that up with two versions of croquetas, which were okay. Then we had the gordita, which was a bit bland, but not as bland as the huitlacoche pasta, which tasted like plain pasta boilded in cream. The dish lacked any seasoning and was totally tasteless. On the positive side, the service was good.
I've come here for a total of 3 times this year and each dining experience was really good. It's so good, I've resolved to bring my close friends and cousins here if they were visiting, for three reasons: Yummy food, good wine list, and ambience.I must have sampled a good portion of their menu already but on all occasions, I've ordered the Crab Tostadas. I really love it, oil and all!I've tried the following: Guacamole (loved it); Fried Brussel Sprouts (It's okay); Ceviche (good!); Taco Tropical (good!); Tuna Tacon (will order this again, definitely); Oxtail Empanadas (good!); Gambas Bravas (hotttt); and other nightly specials which were yummmmy. :)The only things on the negative that I feel like mentioning:The Wait: I've been here on a week night and on a Friday, had to wait on 2 occasions. Reserve a table!They have a lady there who clears the table and she doesn't care if you're hand was on it working on what's left. She would take it away whether you're done with it or not! She did it to me and my party twice in one night! A simple question whether you're done with it or not would be extremely appropriate. Other than her, the service is good. The hostesses do their best to accommodate your needs, the servers are attentive, the chefs/cooks do their jobs well.I wouldn't mind being seated by the bar, either.
I really wasn't too impressed with the food here. I ordered the wanton raviolis and it was more like a creamy soup. Only 3 mild tasting raviolis sat in the soup. The service is great and the ambience is nice. The only dish I enjoyed out of the 4 I sampled was. the carnitas: pork cooked in a banana lead with organic blue corn tortillas and guac. YUM. The drinks are good as well. They offer mezcal and agave margaritas. More on the plus side, the ingredients are all authentic to different regions of Mexico.
Had a great dining experience here last night. Thank you Lolo's! Juan Carlos our most friendly food enabler hooked us up with some great recommendations. You can't go wrong with the Taco Tropical & Tuna Tacon. Like fine dining tacos!!! We also had the flank steak. Man I was in heaven....throw in a bottle of Mercury wine and a couple sangria's to top off a great dinner. The two dishes I still liked but probably won't order again were the scallops & ricotta dumplings. Not quite up to par with everything else we had.The vibe in this place was happening. Fitting of this funky part of town. It's definitely a popular couple of blocks. Lolo's decor fits right in. Paper boats on the walls, shoe shine kits for your foot rests at the bar, ceramic dogs strewn about and plenty of feather dusters...no idea??? Good on yeah Lolo's!!!!
"Whatever LOLO wants, LOLO getsAnd lil' yelpers, little LOLO wants youMake up your mind to haveNo regretsRecline yourselfResign yourself, you're through..."What LOLO wants:1) TO TRY SOMETHING NEWLolo is ostensibly Turkish-Mexican but there are other influences in the mix. Culinary mashups are like musical mashups. They either: a) Incorporate good parts of the originals seamlessly to create a mind-blowing new entity OR b) Disjointedly mishmash random parts that strike a dissonant chord on your senses. Happily, Lolo is in the former category.2) TO WINE YOU AND DINE YOUThe tomato goat cheese spread that came with the bread was delish. The flavors of the Panko Encrusted, Spice Dusted, Flash-Fried Shrimp (with tropical relish & chipotle aioli) put me in my happy place. The freshness of the relish ingredients was well, relished. The Huitlacoche and Ricotta Stuffed Dumplings (with roasted pepper, tomatoes, squash blossom sauce) were good and nicely plated.My friend thoroughly enjoyed his Three Meat Bites (Lamb, Beef, and Bacon mixed up with herbs & a rich porcini cream sauce) as much as I enjoyed my Duck Tacos (with cilantro and this great grapefruit, basil and jalapeno sauce). Let's just say, there wasn't much sharing during this part of the meal.One of the most innovative desserts I've ever had was Lolo's Mascarpone Cheese flavored with Mint and layered with Quince. It came with a Lavender Citrus sauce and the unique mix of flavors was unexpectedly perfect. We also tried the Tiramisu with Chocolate Covered Espresso Beans, a more pedestrian dessert that we could've done without. 3) TO RECYCLEDecor-wise, Lolo puts the "fun" in funky. There were newspapers, salt bags, Mexican wrestler masks, cowboy boots, brightly colored mirrors and more. It was eclectic but somehow it worked and we were feeling it. The bathroom decor was especially fun.4) TO HAVE FUN!And speaking of fun, Juan Carlos was the bartender who hooked us up with great recommendations and good service. He embodied Lolo's vibe - friendly, warm, casual and made sure that we had a good time."Whatever LOLO wantsLOLO getsTake off your coatDon't you know you will winYou're no exception to the ruleIt's irresistible you fool .. GIVE IN."You'll be glad you did.
Perhaps my new favorite restaurant.Mexican-influenced tapas, excellent drinks, friendly and helpful servers. There will be items on the menu you've never heard of; but all of them will be worth trying. One of the items that stood out was their soft-shell crab tacos. What? Yes! And it was mind-blowing. Also, I believe their ceviche is the best around.Look, I really don't want you to go to Lol. Sorry. It's a small place and it's hard enough to get a reservation--the last thing I want there is another diehard fan to take up a seat.
I hate saying I'm not a fan of a place, but this is an example of expensive food that didn't live up to the price. Let me start by saying that Carlos and the server were VERY nice to us. No complaints about service. My favorite dishes were the meatballs, which were done almost rare and I enjoyed but other people at my table did not. I thought they were awesome but they were $8 I believe for five small meatballs. Ouch. The other dish I enjoyed was the skirt steak and that was $16 for a piece of meat. It was good but in the mission I generally get skirt steak for $10 and it includes rice and a salad so I felt it was a bit steep. Their sangria was also good and not terribly expensive. The dish I was not a fan of was the pork belly. No and more no. Their beer was cheap. Negra Modelo for $3. I'd go back here for drinks and appetizers with friends but the food was too expensive for what I got.
Great service, atmosphere, and centrally located. Sadly, the most important aspect of a good restaurant - the food - was mediocre and possessed no authenticity. Perhaps my expectations of Lolo's was too high since I had read positive reviews on yelp?!?? To my great disappointment, everything was bland and under seasoned. None of the dishes ordered had any heat and we left wanting more. Even my sangria lacked flavor (!!) and tasted watered down, as if the ice from the pitcher melted into my glass before it was served to me. Tacolicious is a much better option, not only from the perspective of my taste buds but also from a financial standpoint. Overpaid and underserved. Boo.
This is what the Mission District is all about! Eclectic decor, great food, hipsters, and down home urban experience! Lolo is a Unique Culinary Experience with exotic creative Turkish Mexican fusion dishes. It's unlike anything I've ever had before. Defiantly one of my favorite places in San Francisco. MUST TRY: -Pistachio Encrusted Salmon with Wasabi Cream Sauce -Delicate Soft Taco's wrapped in Jicama Shells -Octopus Tiradito with Urfa Flakes, Sea Salt and Cascabel Aioli -Lamb Skewers served on giant metal Skewers on a bed of Cold Crack Wheat Salad The Salmon and the Octopus are truly unique to Lolo and a must try. The Salmon is breaded in pistachio and delicately fried Japanese style, in a miso wasabi sauce and falls apart in your mouth. The Octopus comes out thinly sliced and looks like a plate of black and white graffiti with a spicy aioli sauce that looks like it's "tagged" on top of the graffiti. You really can't go wrong here. Everything on the menu is a unique surprise, great presentation, and brilliant quality food. I love this place. You have to make a reservation here usually to get a table. It's THAT good. There's a wooden bench outside in case you have to wait, and you walk into the first room with colorful second hand couches, when you walk to the back, it opens up to the room next door, which is where I always ask to sit. I always reserve seats at the end of the bar in an L, they use it as a community table and you need reservations to sit there. Ask for Carlos and ask for his recommendations on wine and the menu. He really makes this place, Lolo in my opinion. He picks out my wine and tells me what to have on the menu. This man is so cool. You'll want to know him too! The bar and walls are covered in laminated newspaper with large over sized black oval mirrors with peacocks frosted and etched into the glass. Simply beautiful. I usually bring my SLR and practice taking pictures of all the elements. If you sit at the bar, notice down at your feet, they took old shoe shine metal fixtures and added them to the bar. When you come to the Mission this is what you deserve. Good blend of cultures, great quality food, and a non pretentious atmosphere. Your final bill is delivered inside old books, don't forget to tip well and sign something in the book to add to the legacy that is Lolo. Viva Lolo!
Keeping it simple:GENERAL:+ Use Open Table and make a reservation to simplify your life. If you want to eat on the weekends, try booking a week in advance to get the exact time you want+ Great decor - eclectic, vibrant, fun and very clean+ Awesome music playlist - Hot Chip? The Strokes? LCD Soundsystem? Who is making the music selects for this place and how can we be friends?+ Perfect spot for a date or for a night out with the galsDELICIOUS:+ Fried bussel sprouts - fried in a zinfandel vinaigrette. The vinaigrette is strong but really compliments the crunchy fried texture of the sprouts. Really unique dish+ Soft Shell Tacos - special for the day. Great sauces, fresh, and perfect portion for 2 + Sparkling Sangria - refreshing, sweet, and generous full glassEH:+ Pistachio Encrusted Seared Salmon - Never had encrusted salmon before. It's good, but personally not my preferred way to have salmon+ Grilled Kobe Beef Tacos - They do the trick but you could probably get even more delicious tacos at a food truck for much cheaper+ Ice Cream Sandwich Dessert - Ice cream is great but the almond cookies are so hard that you can't eat the dessert like an actual ice cream sandwich. The chocolate they pour over the dessert is rich and heavenly thoughThere are so many mouth watering things on this menu. I will return. Must try them all!
Meh. Wine was fine, but the ambience was not great, inside or outside. Would not recommend as a date venue.
Service was good, albeit a tad slow. The food was good, but the meatballs were a bit bland. On the other hand, the lamb sliders were AMAZING & incredibly juicy! The string potato fries were crispy & delicious!!We got some sort of chicken on tortas thing, but I swore it was salmon.All in all, Yelp was right as usual!!
Fantastic food, drinks, service and vibe. We ordered slightly too much food though... Wish our waiter would have reminded us that our eyes were bigger than our stomach :)
Tapas are fresh, guaranteed. Order more if you're looking for a whole meal, they are tapas after all. Tuna tacon was a great taste of mexican inspired flavor with a protein not traditionally found in mexican cuisine. Squid ink croquetas were delightfully surprising, and the oxacan cheese fondue was warm and creamy.
What a great discovery. Awesome service and cocktails. Neptun tacos were to die for. All in all great experience, delicious food and really inexpensive!
Fantastic beet dish. Great tacos. Not a huge fan if enchiladas with overpowering mole. Margarita drink was so-so.
My friend and I stumbled across this place (after a quick search on yelp..thank you fellow yelpers), as we looked for a place close to the BART station. We have decided this is the place we will come back to regularly. The food was unbelievably good. It's tapas style and I like that their portions are perfect for sharing. We ordered some of the specials, and then from their regular menu - brussel sprouts, taco tropicale, and the lamb sliders. I want to come back to try the octopus and the squid!Also, the decor is charming, bordering on kitschy but it works for me. Even their bathrooms are fantastically done...really, you must go to their bathrooms - so cute! And oh, when I wasn't being charmed by the food, I did notice they have good-looking servers and bartenders. Mmmmm.
Update / new location (3-stars): Unfortunately in the new location (Valencia) Lolo has almost completely lost the charm and intimacy of the former location (see former review below). The menu doesn't seem quite as ambitious either (where's the amazing octopus appetizer?). I hate to say this but an utterly unique restaurant seems to have converted itself to just another face in the restaurant crowd in the new Valencia location. The ambiance has gone from genuinely funky to contrived.Old Location (5-stars):Lots of others have gone into detail, I'll keep it simple: terrific grub, amazing cocktails, and very friendly staff in a cozy, casual, and fun surroundings. Sometimes you just get lucky but I've been to LoLo many times and it's consistently a blast. Be adventurous and try the Octopus Tiradito, for me it was utterly unique and sheer bliss and don't even get me started on the cocktails. My only regret is that all these great reviews will make it even harder to get a seat.
This is one small joint with a huge amount of personality and awesome food. The cocktail menu is unique and we enjoyed everything we tasted. I am not usually a fan of the small plate places, but they had so many wonderful sounding dishes, that for once I was excited to try a bunch. I'll go back as soon as possible! yum.
This was a very charming tapas place that I visited with a friend for a dinner one night and I was not disappointed. We ordered the taco tropical, ceviche, brussel sprouts, and oxtail empanadas. OMGoodness, I definitely had a foodgasm every time I had a bite of each dish. My favorites were the Taco Tropical and brussel sprouts. Both were unique in their own right. The taco tropical was a fresh blend of shrimp and spices, which came with a thin slice of daikon underneath. The brussel sprouts came cooked together with hazelnut and flavored with shallots. Yummmm!
So very good. Drinks were fantastic, with a nice mixture of sweet and not so sweet cocktails. We loved the food, with the Brussel sprouts being a particular favorite. Guacamole was very good. Dessert was amazing.
I am so happy to have discovered this place! There is outdoor seating, which is a bonus, and a great selection of tapas to keep you interested. The tuna tacos (wrapped in jicama?) and the beet/goat cheese terrine were my favorite. This place has great ambiance and delicious food. The service can be a bit slow, but just chill out and enjoy the ride.
$60 for tasting appetizers, an entree, and wine ( not a full meal per se.. their entrees weren't very substantial) KINDA EXPENSIVE!! But the ambiance is really sweet! Don't come here super hungry..------------------- Come here if you want a trendy night out say for a special occasion.- Do not Come here if you want bang for the buck or to *really* be full.---------------------Do not order by the glass. They only fill it 1/4 full. Ordering a bottle is a much better deal!Do not come in large groups (5 more more) as the plates are super small and impossible to share with more than 4. We were a group of 8 and with tip it came up to $460. I ordered a main and shared a few appetizers and bottles of wine. Still not really a "meal" IMHO.Come here for drinks and appetizers NOT FOR A FULL DINNER!Regarding the food: Nothing stood out as memorable. I notifced their sauces were really rich.. their "Taco Tropical" was impossible to share with more than 2 people as it was just 2 really small open faced tacos.3 stars for the decor and location. Nice big window and funky ambiance. Cool beach themed bathroom.
I cannot say enough nice things about this place. we came here for a birthday so we had a party of 6. they had a perfect little table for us and were very attentive. we ordered a number of plates to share and they were very helpful in bringing out knives to make sure we could cut things into smaller pieces. they also came back multiple times to ask if we were ok. all the food was delicious, really no complaints there.i also brought a cake that I made for the birthday girl and forgot to call ahead to make sure it was ok. When i walked in, they were happy to put it in the fridge for me and then were very helpful about putting some candles into the cake and cutting it up for us. they even gave us small to go boxes so that everyone could bring and extra piece home!
Tasty dinner here at Lolo on a Monday. The outdoor seating was really cute (with heaters!), and the service was fine.It's really a super cheap meal all in... the portions are big enough that they recommend only 2 tapas per person. For my dining companion and I, the total bill was only $38.00 (no drinks) all in. Crazy! We tried the corn on the cob (delicious), the brussells sprouts (my companion loved them, and I really liked them... wouldn't rave about them though), the Taco Tropical (not my favorite relish, but the shrimp was amazing), and the lamb sliders (so good!!!)Excited to come back and try more of the menu.
Everything about this place is good. The ambience. They have a bar where you can eat as well as tables. They serve a small selection of wine that is tasty. The tempranillo is yummy. My favorite stuff is the roasted beet and feta mouse, sort of like a beet lasagna served cold mmm served with parsley oil. Its just so good. I also love love the Taco Tropical, unbelievable flavor.. panko and spice-dusted shrimp, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioli. Yummy. Ive had several dishes here, and have been about 4 times now. Its always good, lively, and the staff have always been super welcoming and fun. I wish I lived closer to it, I would go every week. A good place to hang out with friends.
Warm evening in the Mission me and my friend ended here after looking for outdoor seating restaurant so Papas could join us outside. This place had all the formulas for a great restaurant. Outside seating, lots of people talking and drinking, spanish influenced tapas mixed with some chilango style cusine and a good wine listMaybe I didn't order right but I was disappointed. I ordered the sliders hearst ranch beef in barbacoa sauce on brioche bun with side of roasted beets. The barbocoa was interesting and portion size small. I enjoyed my beets. I would go back and order something different.
Fantastic tapas, very cute bartender, decent drinks and delicious desserts. Recommended.
My girlfriend and I had planned to dine at Cava 22, but the place was empty and Lolo across the street was hopping! So, going where the people are, we nabbed a sidewalk table at Lolo.Service was a little on the slow side because they were so busy and our food came out at irradic times (her dishes first, then mine 10 minutes later). But with great conversation and street people watching, I didn't mind.We ordered two dishes each, which was the perfect amount. The octopus was thinly sliced and grilled and splattered with strong spices and seasoning. The grilled shrimp was done perfectly and nicely spiced. The special for the night was a roasted fig with creme over proscuitto, a tasty combination that you really can't go wrong with. And finally the flautas stuffed with portabello mushrooms, this was the largest tapas dish we saw at any of the tables around us and it was quite filling with a tasty woody flavor.I would definitely go back to Lolo for the good food and reasonable prices.
I can't believe it took me that long to review Lol. I love its funky, eclectic, and fun environment, and the excellent menu choices. If all tables are reserved through OpenTable, come in anyway and sit at the bar. I remember I wasn't too crazy about the dessert, but other than that, EVERYTHING on the menu is good. Here're the highlights:1. Roasted Beets with feta mousse: Layered like a dessert cake, so pretty and delicious.. 2. Grilled Artichokes: Simple, charred flavored, and seasoned just right. 3. Oxtail Tostada: YES! Tender, bold, and rich in flavor. 4. Pistachio Encrusted Salmon w/ wasabi cream: I can see why everyone loves it -- it's fried and crunchy5. Tuna Tacon: Interesting fusion with tomato sauce and avocado.6. Octopus Tiradito: NOT TO BE MISSED. It tastes like nothing you've had. It almost fooled me as a meat dish. Sliced thin on the place with beautiful pattern. Oh I'm in love.7. Kobe Beef: This one you can skip, it's expensive and quite salty and not too specialYUMS.
Lolo is a fantastic spot for an evening out or for drinks! The bright colors and friendly staff help create an upbeat ambiance. In addition, their food is freaking delicious! I cannot wait to go back and try all the dishes I saw the folks eating at the tables around me!
Quick Tips ~ the 2nd room with the color and bar seating is quieter. Food is still wonderful. Reservation recommended. Bathroom is a tropical oasis, check it out.
Ok I rarely give out 1 stars but I have to give Lolo one star based off of a pretty bad experience at the end of my meal.The night was perfect, I met up with a friend of mine that I haven't seen in quite some time. We decided to start out dinner around 6:30 and had a nice slow meal with a couple glasses of rose. The food is served tapas style and we ordered about 5 dishes that showed off what we thought was probably the best Lolo had to offer. The food was DELICIOUS. If it hadn't been for the end of the night I would gladly go back and try out more recommending it to my foodie friends. it's funny how one moment changes a person's opinion about a restaurant. We were sitting at our little 2-top table finishing up our second glass of wine after our plates had been cleared and bill paid. I included a 20% gratuity for services decently rendered. The space was filled with patrons who had been sitting at dinner for as long as we were. Within 8-10 mins of me paying for the bill we were approached by a host and told... "Excuse me, but we have other reservations for this table... if you don't mind..." I was shocked. I had just spent close to $100 for this dinner and would've written rave reviews but I have never been asked to leave a restaurant before. I understand that people are waiting for tables as I have sat there and waited for diners to leave as well but having been a server I would NEVER ask a table to get up and leave. If he would've given us 5 more minutes I'm sure we would've gotten up on our own accord.It's unfortunate that everything else was such a lovely experience. I would urge Lolo to try and be a bit more respectful to it's patrons.
Delicious but small. Eat burrito afterward.Edit: It's actually a decent portion. I'm just a fat ass.
Oh. My. GOSH.I have wanted to try this place for months, but was discouraged because they are so awesome I was totally and utterly unable to get a reservation. NOW I SEE WHY!!! Literally everything that I ate was outrageous. We walked there at about 6 or so to see if/in we could make reservations. Obviously, on a Friday night, everything was booked, so we put ourselves on a waiting list for 8:30 in their outside seating area. Discloser: I am always cold. Fact: I was perfectly content outside under the heater. Win Win for me! Fast forward to 8:20 when they awesome hostess called my cell phone and told me our table was being cleaned, so we started to walk over. We ordered a bottle of some tempranillo, because not enough places in SF (or anywhere I go really) carry tempranillo wines, such a shame. They also brought out some bread and probably something to dip it into, but this is just wasting space when you should really just order another small plate. Anyway, food...we went with a pescatarian, seriously not even an issue here. Started with the guacamole and fresh blue corn chips. I have a thing for blue corn. It is just delicious. Their guac was simple but delicious. Very good. We also tried the fried brussel sprouts. MMMM. The zinfandel vinaigrette they flavor it with is just the right balance of perfect! We also got some kind of empanadas, not really sure now because the menu has changed (and I am already planning my next adventure back because now there are crab tostadas on it...yes please, love crab!) but they were light and just the right amount of crunch and filled with spinach and oaxaca cheese, I want to say. By the recommendation of our waiter we also had the tuna tacon tacos, which were pretty awesome too. Everything was well flavored. BUT overall, the ONE THING that blew my mind, literally, have been craving since I took that sweet last bite, and my friends and I have been reminiscing about, are the Taco Tropical's. Out of this world. Just genius. The description they give you is: panko and spice-dusted shrimp, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioli....doesn't give them justice. These babies are not your average tacos. no, no no! They are on a jicama "tortilla", so that makes them the best taco I have ever had. Hands down. Things to consider: all the small plates come with 2 pieces (2 tacos, 2 empanadas, etc, so you have to ask for one extra or whatever if you go with 3 people like we did). In the case of the Taco Tropical's you should order one plate per person because 1 isn't enough.Can't wait to try more. Definitely one of my favorite places, ever.Oh, the bill for all that wildly delicious food and bottle of rare wine, including a generous tip, was about $40 a person. Stuffed happy friends, what else can a girl ask for!?
"Would you allow me, please, to tell you about our especiales esta noche?" Okay, maybe our server didn't say it exactly that way, but his disarming Spanish accent certainly set the tone for the excellent meal of tapas we were about to have--and I'm pretty sure every time he spoke, the clothing on the women at the table came slightly undone.The three of us gorged ourselves on the night's offerings. From the brussels sprouts through the tuna tacon, crab tostadas, oxtail empanadas, the gorditas, and the mahi mahi tostada special, each dish was its own bit of spectacular. The wine list also provided interesting choices. Our one regret: we forgot to save room for dessert!We sat outside--on an early-January night--under the heaters because we showed up without a reservation, so our ambiance experience was that of sitting on the sidewalk in the Mission (live music from multiple directions, people walking by, others smoking weed...), but none of us minded it since we were all NYC residents at some point in our lives and it felt familiar. Of course, the women at the table might've felt differently since, by the end of the night and our server taking such good care of us, they were half-naked...
I am such a fan of LoLo! I've only ever sat outside. Their service is great, and their menu is full of variety. I also like that you can really decide how much you want to spend based on how many small plates (and glasses of wine) you get - all of which are decent portions and great-tasting. The only issue is if you don't have a reservation and aren't there first thing you often have a wait. Worth trying though!
with an eccentric decor and innovative tapas, it's really hard not to like Lolo even if you tried. The taco tropical was to die for! that crunch 'tortilla' made of jicama, breaded shrimp and tropical sauce allowed quick access to my own personal nirvana. The thinly sliced peppered octopus was a little intimidating at first, but scrapped and placed upon the french baguette, i realized it was pure delight! now, the size - It appears quite small upon entrance, but it lies! there's a backroom with a full bar! Also, make sure you have a chance to visit the bathroom; you'd be cheating yourself otherwise. While you tinkle you get the honor of enjoying the idiosyncrasy set before you, while listening to the gentle, soothing sounds of the ocean (minus the trip to the beach). Lolo, You've got me stuttering those 3 words i rarely say: i lo-lo-lo--lo-ve you.
love it! the place is not as small as you thought i love the selection, get the taco tropical and also croqueta when they have it.
Walked in and were greeted by the very friendly hostess. The room looked tiny, but turns out they have a bigger dining area next door and on the sidewalk. Decor was fun and interesting...oversized mirrors, paper boats, shoe soles, frijoles rappers, etc. Well suited for the hipster mission scene.This was our first time to a tapas joint, but the portions were pretty generous...prices were well justified.Everyone starts with bread with some sort of lightly tomatoey sour cream.  Bread was the shiner.Brussel sprouts...a large bowl of roasted sprouts with hazelnuts, onion, in a wine reduction. Fresh, sweet, just bitter enough, and a little tangy. Delicious...might have been our favorite dish.Octopus...a totally different texture than I was expecting, almost like tender pork. The spice mix reminded me a little of those supermarket steak blends, and there was too much aioli. But there was enough lemon to cut through. Very fresh octopus though, thiny sliced. Probably wouldn't order again though.Shrimp tacos...shrimp was awesome -- fresh, plump, and sweet. The labels amid reduction was a little strong, though, and again, a little heavy handed with the aioli. But it was somewhat mitigated by the thinly sliced radish that served as the tortilla. Crab tostadas...beautiful clumps of fresh crab in some sort of lightly creamy sauce on top of a blue corn tostada. Add tons of the shredded radish (or jicama?) to help balance the decadence. Would certainly order again.Short rib gorditas...surprisingly the shortribs were the weakest of the meats. Very tender, but it was just this tomato beef stew which was quite good, but not particularly interesting compared to the other offerings. The standout of this dish was the fresh blue corn gorditas (masa). Service was good except there was a 20 min wait between our second and third dishes. Got a Negra Modelo...went well with the food.Tax and tip came to $75.Would definitely return again if my wife would let us. Expanded my limited horizons.
LOLOs RULES so delicious. get the pomegranite margaritas they do not disappoint.
What a great little spot. Went here around 10 pm on a Friday night and was sat right away. The place was pretty full and the atmosphere was good. I shared four tapas with my two friends, the shrimp and Brussels sprouts were amazing. Fun place and will be coming back!!
I would definitely come here again! The food was creative and delicious. The ambiance was chic and homey. They do get minus points for the service. The waitress serving us was very rude. She kept taking our food away before we were finished eating it. It just felt like she wanted to get us out of there, rushing us through our meal despite the fact that there were still open tables of our party's size around. She kept coming around to frown and sigh at us because we were chatting after our meal. But once again, it wasn't as if there were a long line of customers waiting to be seated outside. It was a quiet Tuesday night. That to me, ruined the experience a bit. However, to be fair, the service wasn't all bad. The waiter who took down our order was kind enough to have the portions divided into three (instead of two) so that we could easily share each dish among the three of us. We thought that was really thoughtful and helpful. Now for the food! Bread: Ok, this was complimentary but I really liked their bread. It was served warm and the dip was just the way I liked it with a hint of spice. Shrimp Ceviche: YUM! Seafood was fresh with just enough lime on a cracker. Mexiterranean cheese fondue: This was tasty but the cheese wasn't melted enough so it was really hard to scoop with the chips, which kept breaking because the cheese wouldn't unclump. I don't think I would order this again for that reason. Taco Tropical: This was my favorite! It was so light and refreshing. A very memorable dish for me. I still can't figure out what kind of wrap they used. It definitely wasn't a corn or flour tortilla, but it was almost like some kind of vegetable? I have no idea. Must try again. Pistachio Encrusted Salmon: This was a pretty good dish, although I would've liked it if it had more of that wasabi cream sauce on it though!Tuna Tacon: The sauce they used was sweet. Prepare for it to get messy. Butternut Squash soup: It was good but not my favorite. I'd have to say I like my own butternut squash soup better, not to toot my own horn or anything. There's still so much on their menu that I want to try so I'm definitely coming back for more. I am just keeping my fingers crossed that I won't get the same waitress again!
Went for a quick happy hour. Good hand-crafted cocktails. Guac was OK - ceviche was amazing. Will be back for dinner. Solid place - definitely worth the stop.
What a find. Atmosphere - tick. Drinks - tick. Service - tick. Food - TICK! Delicious. Coming from Australia where celiac disease is usually catered for, it was great to find a restaurant that not only served gluten free food but had it clearly labeled in the menu and it tasted amazing. Definitely recommend eating/drinking here, had a great experience
absolutely loved the food here. hate the wait tho...lolo really needs to expandceviche -- 5 / 5 pretty lemony but really goodcrab croquetas -- 4.5 / 5. very creamy crabs diabla shrimp -- 5 / 5 very much like a curry but the shrimp was made with perfect and the mushrooms with rice and sauce was greattuna taco -- 4 / 5 pretty good but prob the least uniquechin with oyster -- 4 /5 definitely an acquired taste. i liked it but I cant see how others wouldn'tice cream sandwiches -- 10 / 5 stars so f-in good. you have to get it, it's not ordinary sandwiches. we sat at the bar and after we got our order, the couple of next to us couldn't resist not getting one eitherno alcohol. we paid $40 each and were absolutely stuff with smiling faces
Lolo never disappoints! Over the course of last two years I visited this place about 6 times. Always great food, great ambiance, great stuff. Fried brussel sprouts are a must. I wish they would bring back the beets dish, forgot it's name... all in all 5 stars. Thanks Lolo team!
I've been dying to try this restaurant ever since I first heard of it a few months ago. The menu looked so creative and delicious, Mexican with a strong foodie twist.Last night, I finally made it! The inside of the restaurant is adorably campy--a charming combination of bright painted walls, plush benches in cute fabrics, mirrors, and collage. There are two dining rooms, one tiny and cramped, almost an extension of the entry way, the other a slightly roomier, with a small sized wooden bar.We sat at one of the four outdoor tables, arranged against the outer wall of the restaurant facing 22nd street and a small parking space parklet. Sheltered from the breeze by an awning and canvas flaps to either side, with heaters discretely tucked up above, it was the perfect spot to enjoy the warm weather, without becoming too chilled as the sun went down.The restaurant serves small plates served family style, and the waiter recommended about two dishes per person. This actually turned out to be a little to much--I'd probably recommend three dishes for two people.The margaritas were wonderful--not too sweet and ever so slightly spicy. The carnitas was excellent--really, really good--and the squash blossom quesadilla was also pretty impressive. We also tried some figs, which came out rather mushy and bland, and a soft shell crab dish from the specials menu, which was ok. I would definitely go back.
Great food and the margaritas were great. A bit steep at $10 but they were made correctly (no bullshit margarita mix) so I didn't mind paying the $10. The food was very good. I had the carnitas $14 and the Caesar salad $8. The salad was more than enough for two. And it was really good. The place is small so I would get there late or early to beat the rush. I ate at the bar at around 10:30pm and it was still pretty crowded
{+} Fun ambiance Tacos TaconShort rib pieDuck confit with tortillasMascarpone-filled brioche and ice creamVery friendly serviceEverything is under $20Interesting flavor combos!{-}Way too small portions (hence the missing star)Don't come starving. And order more than you think. Between 4 of us we had the TacoTacon, Taco Tropical, Huitlacoche dumplings from the "Share" or small tapas side of the menu and from the "Share More" (really, entrees, but that's a stretch) we had the duck confit and the short-rib pie. All excellent but the portions again, were just this side of small. All the side sauces each dish comes with are so fantastic--we ended up ordering more bread to supplement the "I'm not full" sensation and to sop up the rest of the sauce.
Was okay. This is a very typical SF4, NY3, not that it always happens.I liked the atmosphere. It felt like it is a cool place. Not fancy/pretentious/trendy but a different kind of cool spot type feel. The menu just wasn't as good as I expected.Brussels sprouts - well I think I can cook better than these, didn't quite like the vinegar type flavor. the crispy leaves were good, but I tend to like my brussels sprouts crispy outside and creamy inside and that takes a long time, the ones here felt undercooked on the inside, so you get a bit of the bitter hard vegetable flavor. i mean depends on what you like, but I prefer my own!Octopus tiradito - interesting dish, I've never seen octopus prepared this way. It was actually a sheet of octopus. With that said, I thought it was way overseasoned... very pungent vinegar flavorPistachio crusted seared salmon with wasabi sauce - this was okay to good, but I don't like creamy mild flavored wasabi sauces and this is exactly what it is, in fact they really love over creamy sauces at this restaurant as this was not the only one. wasabi and pistachio flavor pretty lightCrab tostada - crab was good, but if I could describe this, it would be like nachos with crabs... over creamy cheese sauce that totally overflavored the crab... think the sauce would've been okay but they really need to go lighter on that sauceLamb sliders - was pretty full by this time, but had one bite of it for tasting. another ultra creamy sauce on the sliders... it was a bit much after the last two dishes. there was a hint of truffle oil or something like it, but I don't think it fit very well.Chocolate fondue - very cheap, 7 bucks not too expensive, but chocolate was pretty cold. Still good, as in how can you go wrong when there's chocolate and fresh fruits!Overall, I thought it was a bit of a schizophrenic restaurant both in terms of food and ambiance. The food was like somewhat Latin but also American, kind of striving for fusion trendy but cannot say done right.. Music was weirdly out of sync with ambiance
Lolo. I must admit, you are very sexy!
I'm judging this place from the perspective of a vegetarian, which my girl is, and is how we ate. But we spoke with the people around us about their dishes.This review is detailed, and spot on...The food is very good, there's no doubt.We had the vege-flauta and a won ton/ravioli-like dish. Both very tasty. But both expensive for what they are. The Flauta is practically a shell; not hearty at all. It tastes good, for sure, and while this isn't necessarily a compliment, it had the after-taste of the old movie theatre/bowling alley Chips and Cheese dip. Again, not an endorsement, per se, but I loved that stuff.The ravioli was quite small. Yes, shared plates, BUT...We each had a glass of wine, and shared brussel sprouts, which were very good.Bartender forgot to put our drinks on our tab, so instead of paying, I handed him the bill back and told him. He didn't say "thank you", but rather he said, "Oh." Took it, added the wine, and handed it back to me. Took nothing off bill, didn't offer either. I wouldn't have asked for anything since I'd already rejected desert. Oh, and he took the desert menu, after not asking if wanted it, and did the no-look toss/slide right at me, while talking to another customer.So, while the food is pretty good, it's not a meal for anyone who needs a bit more. It's also not cheap, and the people who work there are kinda dicks.They sat us at the bar, when there was a 2-top. Assuming it was for a reservation, someone who didn't have one sat in it 4 minutes after we were at the bar.I know because I asked.Pull heads from asses, and improve your service. You're not THAT good, even if you decorated your place all hipstery.$55 for an app, two small plates, and 2 meh glasses of wine, coupled with shit service? Nah. I think I'll go elsewhere.
Delicious. Eat the lamb burger. You won't regret it.
It was our first time here, while visiting San Francisco, and the atmosphere is great. We met a good friend and she picked a great place. The tuna tacos were delicious. By far my favorite choice. Next time in the area I will head back.
Great food. Great service. Will return, if we are ever able to get a table at this place.
This place has the CUTEST ambiance ever!! I love the color scheme and quirky little kid's outfits decorating walls. The service was great as well; our waiter asked us if we've been here before and then proceeded to recommend and elaborate on some dishes. We ended up getting: tuna tacon (basically a tuna taco?), the wonton ravioli with arugula and pine nuts and reggiano, and the fried brussel sprouts. I also ordered the sangria.The tuna taco was really good and I loved the flavors.. I think it was my favorite dish and I'm not usually a fan of tuna. I liked that the brussel sprouts were all crispy and slightly burnt, because I enjoy the taste of carcinogens. Didn't care for the balsamic dressing that was paired with them, though. However, my ... male friend (hah) liked the balsamic flavor, so diff'rent strokes. I thought that idea of "wonton ravoli" sounded strange but lo and behold, the pasta dish resembled a giant ravoli that also looked like a wonton wrapper. I think it was pretty average, nothing too spectacular. Also, my sangria was a little disappointing... but most sangrias that I've had are really mediocre compared to that of Cha Cha Cha's. Overall: good service, good ambiance, but average food. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, but wouldn't complain if friends wanted to.
Wow. I was really impressed with this place. I loved the decor (very kitschy with lots of re-purposed found items), the food was absolutely delcicious and our watier was extremely thoughtful and attentive. Foodwise we ordered to share - Brussel sprouts, yellowtail tostada, pistachio encrusted salmon, crab causa & little gem salad. Oh and some sort of cold pot de creme/flan dish that was complimentary (nice!). The yellowtail tostada and the brussel sprouts were the two standouts for me. I would definitely order them again - especially the brussel sprouts. Probably my favorite brussel sprout dish to date. I never realized hazelnuts could be so delicious in a savory dish. Everything else was delicious but I could have probably done without the little gem salad since it was a bit normal.
Lolo, I wanted to love you... but sadly I only liked you.Easy to make an OpenTable reservation - highly recommended, as it gets full fast. We accompanied our meal with a glass of SPARKLING SANGRIA each ($8 ea) - tasty sangria, though a little sweeter and less alcohol than my personal preference. They serve a complimentary warm sourdough bread with a delicious dipping sauce made from a blend of sun-dried tomatoes, goat cheese, and basil. This sauce was absolutely divine, must've been the goat cheese! For two of us, our waitress recommended 2 dishes per person:- GRILLED BRUSSEL SPROUTS ($8) - surprisingly delicious - loved the grilled crispy outsides, but the insides were still a little bitter... - LAMB SLIDERS (2 tiny sliders for $10) - delicious well cooked lamb, with a scrumptious porcine mushroom sauce, and the obligatory side of shoestring fries. I could've definitely eaten a bigger version of this - or more than one!- CRAB TOSTADAS ($15) for 2 small tostadas, good chunks of crab, topped with lettuce, and avocado. Good, but not worth $15. - WAGYU BEEF MEATBALLS - $14 for 3 two-bite meatballs, which were really ordinary tasting meatballs doused in what could've been Prego marinara sauce -- definitely not worth ordering.For dessert, we ordered the ICE CREAM SLIDERS ($8) which were essentially two profiteroles, so I was excited when they arrived... but they were soggy so ultimately disappointing.Delicious food, but overpriced! $40 pre-tip... and I left not even full. Probably won't be back anytime soon on my own.
Always a blast!
Disappointed by the food - the veggies were greasy and tacos no better than what you'd get from a lunch truck. With respect to the decor, I may be in the minority, but to me it seems cheesy and a little dizzying, like something designed by a Walmart shopper coming off a bad trip. And it's really noisy. Better options for innovative Mexican fare in the Mission are Regalito and Tacolicious (dumb name but really tasty).
Months and months I've anticipated my Lolo meal... and it definitely lived up to my expectations. Reservation for 2 on Saturday eve with an old friend from back in the day. He lives in NYC so I wanted to *impress* and that I did thanks to the delicious Latin/Turkish tapas served at Lolo. Ahi tacos, flank steak, heirloom tomato salad and a beef pie - all delicious, fresh and unique in their own way. We didn't try dessert because sadly, nothing grabbed us. However, we had Mitchell's ice cream on the brain...Food presentation: perfection. Service: non-intrusive, helpful. I like that the kitchen is viewable; makes it cozy like the rest of the ambiance. Love the table decor: go see for yourself.
On Wed night, after being stymied in our attempt to go to Bruno's for some food and drink, Keri and I ended up going to Lolo, a new tapas place @ 22nd & Valencia here in the Mission. I returned here a few months ago and had an amazing meal and this second time around was more of the same.Lolo is enjoying being a well-kept neighborhood secret (there's no signage or anything compelling drawing you in from the street) but that may not last that long; it's just too good. Inside, it's a fun, electic design aesthetic that blends well with the warm, knowledgeable staff and inventive dishes.  The corn-fungus dumplings were delicious but the easy-to-swallow panko-encrusted, flash-fried shrimp served on a jicama tortilla and topped with a tropical relish and chipotle aioli was just heavenly. Everything we tried was great and even though we sat at the bar, we received great service and wonderful wine recommendations (the $9 Malbec was choice). I highly recommend dropping in here mid-week for a nice, cozy dinner. You'll feel a world away and can linger in an immersive and unique dining experience.
Bad food, very small portions. lousy uncaring service. I would never go back. The margarita was good,and would have had another, had the server ever taken the time to ask.
I loved this place. I'd walked by a few times and finally made a point to try it. I loved the margarita with chili salt, the flavorful pork pibil and the deep fried brussel sprouts. The decor is adorable too.
I know what you're thinking (cause it's what I was thinking when my friend suggested we go here): "another tapas joint. high prices for average food on small plates. i'm over it."Guess what Yelpers?! I'm officially NOT over the tapas craze. In fact, I may just now be waking up to it a full decade into it. And I have Lolo to thank for the wake up call.Here's what I'm thinking now:I'm thinking I'd like to sink my canines into some more of those fresh, plump mussels (not muscles, friends, maybe later).I'm dreaming of the "Fire water" special - spicy soup with prawns and scallops.I'm longing for those perfectly cooked brussels sprouts with hazelnuts for crunch.I'm jonesing (hard) for some more meat balls in that yummy sauce.Oh, and lets not forget our very nice waiter with the beautiful eyes; or the friendly host. Add to this the odd but clever and quite pleasing art design inside (love the telekinetically bent spoons in the high corners, and also the wall of origami hats), and you have yourselves a refreshingly unique tapas experience.Tip: Be sure to use the bathroom. There's a very happy surprise in there!
Who knew Turkish and Mexican food were so complementary! I love the sparkling sangria, guac, brussel sprouts, bread, beets, etc. Great options for vegetarians. The restaurant is a little hole in the wall in the Mission and quite charming. Great spot for dates. There is also outdoor seating for the rare nights you can dine outside in SF.
Excellent spot for dinner. While there was an hour wait when we went, the best part is they will call you when your table is ready so you can have a cocktail at a nearby bar. Everything we had was delicious and each plate was large enough to share with four people. The sangria is refreshing and each dish was packed with flavor. We had the fried brussel sprouts, lamb sliders, oxtail empanadas, octopus, and the meatballs. Excellent food!
A must-try in San Francisco (preferably locals).Every time I go, it is an absolute pleasure. Seriously a 5-star experience!I've been here twice now and here are my favorite dishes:-Gambas Bravas (shrimp taco). Comes with a bit of paprika and delicious garlic butter. -Poc Chuc (spicy pork). This is a good choice for those who enjoy spicy, spiced meat.-Ceviche. The ceviche here comes with a very spicy kick, which I love. It's also a larger size than ceviche is usually served in, so great to split with someone.The service is not spectacular but it's decent. The only downside is that there's one unisex bathroom for the entire restaurant. Harder to get into than the restaurant itself.
This is a cute/small place and the tacos were delicious. However, the portions are tiny and it's not worth the money. If you have a small stomach, I would recommend this place. However, don't come here with a big appetite!
Went to Lolo lastnight as we were in the Mission and I read the reviews. Food was great! We had the fried brussel sprouts which were really good and the kobe beef tacos.Will definately go here again for some Tapas next time we are out!Also met the chef which was nice, very small intimate place and great food and drinks.
Oh Lolo~ How beautiful you are. Every single dish came out with great presentation... so delicate and pretty that I didn't know where to start.Tuna Tacon... my favorite of the night.. seared tuna taco with tomatillo sauce and sweet soy sauce? Can't remember what's in there, but it's delicious..... so good good good good. Pistachio crusted salmon, as good as it sounds. And the salmon is not overcook, just perfect. Crispy outside, and moist inside. Lamb sliders.. not the best among the crowd, but still satisfying. And the fries that come with it is just so interesting. Octopus taradito.. So new to me, and loving it. It's almost like a capacchio. Decor.. small and homey. I especially like the bathroom, very interesting decor... and with birds chirping sound.Service... not impressive. They are tapas, small plates, and you might end up spending a lot without feeling full. They have good wine list, but mostly are by bottles.
MUST Go place! little heaven of tasty food and the best bartender i've ever met made me the best cocktails! music is also always good there and service!
More sangria? Yes please. This is the kind of place that you think of when you think of Tapas. The food is unique and delicious, the service is kind, friendly and efficient. The atmosphere feels really fun. It's not what I would call understated, but more like it's very fun-- it's like the TGIFridays of independent mission Tapas places. But that's just because of the flair. You won't find fried mac & cheese here. But if you did, I bet it would be awesome. This is great bet for happy hour, parties, or even to bring your parents to. It's laid back and casual, but the food is something else. There are no pretenses because the food does it all. HIGHLY recommend.
We were a little disappointed in the food, it lacked that spark that would make it rise above. The brussel sprouts were the big exception, I could eat them for days on end. The beet terrine was good but felt like it didn't quite meld into a single dish. A mahi-mahi tostada special was good and fresh. The pistachio-crusted salmon, however, was bland and just not very interesting. Desert was quite good, on the other hand.The service was excellent. Our waitress was attentive and helpful throughout.
Came here for a Friday night date, and we definitely enjoyed ourselves. Prices are not cheap but they are reasonable. My biggest issue was the noise level was a bit louder than expected. The tables felt just far enough that it was a little hard to hear. Regardless, the ambiance was totally en pointe, great service, and we enjoyed our food.
Lolo has a very good cocktail program and the bartenders are adept at mixing them. Lots of creative ingredients like vanilla and orange bitters without veering too far off the deep end, and a decent selection of tequilas and other agave liquors. It has a nice cozy vibe, but there are windows so you don't feel too secluded. I would come here for the drinks alone so it's nice that the food is good too. Highlights have included the tuna tacon and the huevos rancheros.
I give Lolo 4.5 stars :) My husband and I finally had a date night and we were happy to stumble upon Lolo. A small, fun, non-pretentious restuarant in the Mission. We loved the small plates and we were able to try quite a few things.First I have to say the Sangria was refreshing and very tasty. Don't judge I had 2 since we were out with no kids. The waiter asked me what my favorite dish was besides the sangria LOLRoasted beets with feta mousee off the charts. Layered so perfectly. Mu husband hates beets and he loved this dish.Patron Peppers was OK. Just grilled peppers with sea salt.Lamb Sliders-my husband went crazy for I don't do lamb.Crab Tostadas-very tasty loved the aioli and avocodo puree.Tuna Tacon-yummy tuna taco very nice sauce on the side.Carnitas- I don't do pork but very happily ate this. Very flavorful.We will be back!
Great place for tapas if you happen to be in the Mission District and are in search of a tapas place. It was a Tuesday night 7:30 pm and we arrived without any reservations and were seated immediately. However, I think it was sheer luck so I do recommend rsvpin' because the place packed up at around 8 pm. Food was excellent. Between 3 ladies, we shared the fried brussel sprouts, artichokes with mint aoili, braised pork gorditas, pistachio crusted salmon and crab tacos. All were very delish, esp. the salmon. The dishes were bursting with flavors and the sauces were exceptional and not overbearing. Portions were ample and great for sharing because they come in 2-3 small helpings which was great for us 3. I was very satisfied with all of their dishes. Unfortunately, we did not order any drinks, but I wanted to def try out their sangrias. Service was adequate and food came out in a timely manner. Do check out their restroom because the instant you walk in, there's the sound of birds chirping to you as you do your business. Interesting, I'd have to say. It definitely adds to the colorful and exotic theme. Parking can get difficult at that time and area, so luckily there's a parking structure across the street for just 2 bucks an hour. Very convenient indeed. I shall return for the salmon and perhaps the lamb burgers.
What a great mix of food. Unique, and tasty. Can't miss the shrimp tacos, and the Mahi was like no dish I have had before. I had no idea that there was a bar on the other side of the restaurant-- wish I did!Can't say the service was great, but the cheese plate made up for it :) Also, you can't miss the beach sounds in the bathroom, very interesting.
I read the reviews here and was really excited to check it out! It definitely lived up to the reviews. We got lucky. We didn't have a reservation but were able to get a table right away. Shortly after we got there the tiny dining room (which I assume is for the non-reservation diners) quickly filled up. The staff was super friendly.We had the Brussels sprouts, which seem to top many of the reviewers "Must Try" and I agree!!! The combination of Brussels sprouts with hazelnuts is delicious! I also enjoyed the beets w/feta mouse and parsley oil. This dish was like a firecracker in your mouth (not spicy) but flavor after flavor! We especially enjoyed the meatballs! They were the perfect amount of spice and the eggplant added this creamy texture to the tomato sauce that I wasn't expecting. Overall, a wonderful experience and would recommend giving it a try!
pretty tight space at lolo. great sangria. i danced with the mariachi band that came to our table. they should have been paying me.
This place is just too perfect.Small and cozy, cute decoration and unique, friendly service and great flavor on each plates.I ate deep fried salmon, shrimp taco, beef skew, roasted red pepper stuffed with wild rice. also for desert, we had chocolate fondue. I had white wine.My favorite was shrimp taco. The crisp panko deep fried shrimp was perfect with their original (?) thin tortilla and kind sweet and mild sauce! Oh, one thing, beef skew was just too small. Please make the size bigger. Please!!!!! Stuffed rice was also great and even the side grilled zucchini topped with sliced almond was super flavored. Fried salmon's sauce was amazing. And of course, you can't go wrong with chocolate fondue.I definitely recommend and will be back!
Always a yummy treat with yummier waiters. Yum!
This place serves the yummiest tapas. The decor is creative and fun. They are super busy all the time so reservations are always recommended.Came here last night with my boyfriend to celebrate our 6 months. We met here:) We ordered several dishes to share:Roasted artichokes: I never cared to try artichokes. It just looks like a hassle to eat. But to my surprise, Lolo prepared them perfectly and I actually love them now!Ceviche: I love love love ceviche. It's refreshing and lite. The super fresh ceviche is served on crunchy flat taco chips. Very delicious.Short rib empanadas: These were my boyfriend's favorite dish of the night. The empanadas are crispy and filled with shreds of tender short rib. The taste is amazing.Mahi Mahi: This was a special and is not on the daily menu. I liked them, but my bf thought the fish as bland.We will be back again and again and again and again.......
The shrimp tacos are awesome, very fresh and tasty. The roasted pepers needed a bit more flavor but it tasted fresh so I don't really mind.
Delicious! I can't believe I just tried this place for my first time. You have to get the Taco Tropical, and the Tuna Tacon! I mean everything we had was amazing, but those two dishes in particular blew my mind. It can get a little pricey, but I can eat a lot so it adds up quickly. Sorry Tacolicious but this place rocks!
Its hard to find a really good tapas place in the city...but finally Lolo came around. Delicious, creative, excellent value. I'm a fan.I would take away 1/2 point for service...but still since there truly isn't a tapas place in SF that comes close to this, I'm giving them 5 stars.
Viva Lol!For the past three years Lol and Jorge and crew have been catering the dinner for 300+ people at our school's annual fundraiser. The food continues to get high marks for quality and tastiness. Chef Jorge is pleasant to deal with and the service and professionalism is very much appreciated.
Really amazing things they are doing here, jicama taco shells, guava margaritas delicious!
Amazing! Probably one of the best food places ive gone in a while! Superb! The environment, the people, and the selection of the menu. I cannot say enough of this place! Only thing to consider is to make a reservation or get there early because it fills up quickly! Im totally coming back any chance I get!
We chanced upon this tapas bar and we were pleasantly surprised. The vibe was quirky and intimate, the service was good and the food was inventive. I'm a fan! I'm fussy about octopus dishes. And their super thin octopus carpaccio really impressed. They also managed to make brussel sprouts interesting. Will be back again for sure...
Great Mexican with a twist, love it!!
We went there with a group of 6. Great tapas and portions to try a little of everything. Read rave reviews on the brussel sprouts and they were in fact amazing. Everything we tried was delicious. Small restaurant so with a larger group yu definitely need a reservation. Fun decor and unusual. We had a blast.
One of the better meals I've had in the city. The Tacos Tropicales were incredible, served on a thin slice of jicama as the tortilla. I had never tried Huitlacoche (corn smut) before, and I was a little aprehensive, but the flavor was great, served in a ravioli with requeson and arugula sauce. Every dish was done really well, and the tamarind mezcal margarita was no slouch either!
Here's a tip... don't ever fight for the bill here. OR YOU WILL GET SHOCKED. Literally. More to come on that.This place is pretty cute and kitschy. There are two separate rooms, so don't worry, it's bigger than you think. Food overall is good, but not amazing. Here's a breakdown:Fried Brussel Sprouts: I'm pretty picky about brussel sprouts... and these were pretty darn good. Sometimes they're too soggy, or not flavored enough. This was was fried with a good crisp, not too oily, and well flavored so it wasn't overwhelming. Taco Tropical: Came highly recommended by the waiter. Also, one of the top dishes. While I'm not thinking when's the next time I will get it, it was pretty good.Octopus Carpaccio: It was... interesting. Strongly spiced, it had a nice smoky flavor. However, it did not seem like carpaccio. The way it looked, and the texture definitely made me wonder if it is actually cooked... I wouldn't get this again. Mainly because if I want carpaccio, this is not what I would think it is. Wonton Ravioli: I would not recommend this. Especially when eating all the other foods that have a robust flavor, this comes out very drab and lackluster.Lamb Sliders, Ox Tongue Sliders: Both were pretty good. I liked the sauce on the lamb sliders, but the ox tongue better. They were good, but not mind blowing. In the end, the four of us all grabbed for the bill. And as a result, the waiter says, oh no, this is how we settle it. He proceeds to bring out a shock machine (YES A REAL ONE) with two electrodes/wand type things. The two boys on the end hold the electrodes, and then the two girls held hands with each other and the boys, so that we formed a ring. He proceeded to turn it on. Whoever lets go, the other half has to pay, says the waiter. At first, it's a gentle vibration throughout all our hands. No one lets go, so he goes, higher, and higher, and higher. Until I start to wonder, I should not let this be happening. There was some slight twistedness to how excited he got at turning it higher and higher. And people, if you've never been shocked for a good 5 minutes, it's not as gentle as you think. He proceeded to screw with our minds by going higher, lower, and a nice little cosine wave for us. Us chinese people have a lot of pride, so we didn't let go for a long time. In fact, so long that we couldn't control our hands, so you could see our hands letting go of their own accord. Yeah that was entertaining, but I thought it got a little extreme at the end. Being shocked at high intensity levels is only so fun for so long. But hey, if you don't believe me, give it try, and make sure to hold on for a long time, k?
Food: 4 starsDecor: 4 stars, shooting for 5Ambience: 4 starsService: 5 starsLove Lolo and you will too!
The taco tropical is OUTSTANDING, and my wife practically had an orgasm when eating the pistachio encrusted salmon. Also, the sparkling sangria gets the job done!
6 words:So so frickin fun and delicious!!Best tapas experience in a long time in the city. Everthing we had was as tasty as it gets. The tapas didn't come out too fast or all at once as some places do. And the atmosphere is great. What more can be said.
WINE ON TAP!!! hello, how could you resistone of my fav places in the mission, love how the menu changes up here and therefave dishes include carnitas (ofcourse), crab tostadas, and the yummy yummy gorditas!btw have to try the sangria..love how its topped off with prosecco
As a couple of married friends and I walked from their apartment seeking pre-dinner drinks, we haphazardly walked past the restaurant along the way. My friend mentioned that it might be a good place for dinner, and truthfully I wasn't too excited based on the humdrum appearance from the outside. But since I trust her judgment, I let her do her thing and kept mum.Dinner turned out beautifully and was everything I didn't even know I was in the mood for. As it is a "nuevo Latino" tapas restaurant, the three of us shared a variety of dishes that were delicious and satisfying. We started with the ceviche, and followed that with the crab tostadas, lamb sliders, gorditas with braised short ribs, and a frisee salad to lighten up the meat and carb heavy mix. Everything was equally tasty and presented nicely, and even reasonably priced. Our bill included the five dishes, a carafe of wine, and a glass of prosecco, and was roughly 40 a person. The service was very friendly and inviting, and they were great about giving us a call to inform that our table was ready, since we were having drinks down the street. The restaurant is fairly tight, busy, and bustling, but somehow not too cramped or headache inducing.A fantastic way to start my long weekend stay in SF!
We called in for reservation, and they said they can have us in 15 minutes. When we got there in 15 minutes, they said they gave our table to some other walk-in customer. So why have reservations?Then there were two tables open. They first seat us to one, then moved us to the other and then moved us back to the original. We ordered their meat balls over eggplant and lamb sliders. They were both out of it. How can they run out of something when its still 9.30pm.As far as i see the turkish partner seems to have left, and there is close to none turkish influence in the dishes (you can look at their older menus online and can see the huge difference). 2 slices of octopus salami 12$, 3 pieces of ravioli 12-14$. People say its a tapas place, but for a tapas place they have limited options, and the concept of tapas is smaller portions cheaper prices. I come from chicago and the worst tapas I had over there would be 5 times better than this (half the price).
The Granadita drink with enchiladas was more than enough for this diner. The music was pleasant enough and the atmosphere was dim lighted for casual conversation without being too suggestive. The aloe plant art over the restrooms was nice yet the rooms were single stall.What rounds this place out is the large portions and well priced fancy drinks that will burst your belt but not your wallet.This review is just as cheesy as the burritos :)
Huevos Rancheros decent but not spellbinding.
Love this place!! The sangria is amazing (be careful--only sold by the glass). The pistachio encrusted salmon is divine! The taco tropical is so delicious! I've brought several friends and even had my birthday here last year with a big party. They even put some items on the house for me because we ordered so much. Great place to bring your friends or your girls for some drinks and food! Portions are not that big so you can sample a bit of everything!!! Great and attentive service too!
Fresh, bright food with amazing service :) Some of the dishes weren't my favorite but overall the experience was nice.
We ordered the taco tropical, octopus tiradito, huitlacoche ricotta dumplings, bison tiradito as well as a bowl of fried brussel sprouts. Ooops, did we already over-order?The Taco Tropical had panko encrusted shrimp. The relish and spicy aioli worked with the crunch to create this sort of magical trip through soft, sweet, savory, crunchy and tart. With a squeeze of spice dusted lemon, it was perfect.Of the two tiraditos we ordered, I preferred the bison. It was absolutely not gamey and was just a lovely and light dish. The thin slices of the octopus was covered in this spiced oil that to me seemed to have toughened up the flesh. I would have probably used less salt with the bison and added it to the octopus for more flavor.Next to the taco tropical, my favorite item of the night was the huitlacoche ricotta dumplings. I love huitlachoche. I first had it at a little restaurant in East LA probably 15 years ago. I was told it was fungus. Well, it's a little "mushroom" that grows on corn. Sounds nasty, huh? But it's so delicious. I order it whenever I see it on the menu. And to see it in a dumpling? I'm sold.I am a veggie fiend and I love brussel sprouts. What can I say? It's better than cabbage. What was so great about this were the individually fried leaves. I found myself wishing there was a Lolo in L.A.!
I met a girlfriend here for dinner. This place was super cute and the food hit the spot. I'm a big fan of tapas because you get to try all these different dishes. This place is small so I don't recommend just showing up for the dinner rush, otherwise, be prepared to wait. You should make a reservation through Open Table. Everything on the menu looked great. I ordered a sparkling sangria to start (yum!) and we shared:- Taco tropical (this seems to be the crowd pleaser, I highly recommend it)- Tuna tacon (I thought the fish was a bit overcooked and not really "seared", but my friend loved this dish, still pretty tasty)- Gorditas - Vegetarian flautas (I love anything fried)I wanted to order more like the fried brussel sprouts, ceviche and guac, but these dishes filled us up. We were stuffed. We also ordered dessert, I can't remember what it was called exactly, but it was their profiteroles. It was OK, but the chocolate sauce you pour over it was fantastic. Your bill comes in a baby sized cowboy boot. The decor is just too cute. Very unique and random. I would definitely head back here and try other things on the menu. The staff was very friendly and the food came out fast.
Found this place on yelp while looking for a casual date night spot in the city. Then I booked a resi via open table. We were a bit delayed due to parking, so I called to give a heads up. They were very accommodating and bumped our resi time up by 30 minutes, so we didn't have to rush. We finally get inside to find a cute, eclectic, colorful ambience with friendly staff. The tapas selection was great! Everything was fresh, delicious, and creative. Can't wait to go back!
We tried Lolos on a rare warm weekend evening in the city; the hour-long wait was definitely worth it. Lolos has a happy casual vibe, funky decor, innovative & delicious food (Mexican tapas?), non-pretentious wine menu, super friendly service. Portions were sized to share and presented beautifully (presentation & taste for several dishes were the same caliber of a fancy sit-down restaurant). Highly recommend the pistachio-encrusted salmon, shrimp tacos in jicama, ceviche, and roasted beet salad....I can't wait to go back!
Oh my goodness gracious, what a treat to come here!The interior is decorated with so much color and niftiness. The small plate food is quite fun to eat and share. We had the huitlacoche, lamb kebabs, meatless croquettes, flank steak, arugula/radicchio salad... To name a few. There were 3 of us and we liked everything we were served. Our server was on top of her game, even though the place was packed. We took our time, and enjoyed the views of the pretty food, beautiful people, and funky decor.We'll go back for sure!!
Had the absolutely best dinner here. Everything from start to end was delicious. I hope they keep the salmon tacos on the menu, the sauce that accompanied it was interesting and fantastic. While we usually skip dessert, we picked the ice cream sandwiches which were really good.
Went here on a ladies night with two other chicas.... The food was good, and i think the two of them liked it much more than me (maybe because recently i had been to some really good places, and this one while good wasn't something that excited me).we shared the queso dip, the beet salad with feta mousse, the vegetarian taquitos, the soft shell crab taco (i think this one was the star and I didn't try it!), tuna tacon. most other people have given this place a solid review, and so I am sure they deserve it. So I plan to definitely give them a second chance. One friend who had been here over three times said that she practically has liked almost everything on the menu that she has tried (and she has good taste)..
Great place for some tapas!
Very delicious, reasonably priced. I'm a big fan of small plates and tapas because the more you get to try, and the more you get to eat! I'm a avid member of the eating club. The goat cheese and beet plate is pure MAGIC. I'm not sure how they do it but I'd love to wake up next to that slice of heaven every morning. The sangria is delicious too! they use a sparkling wine and bubbles adds a very nice touch. The crab taco is fab as well. Has a bit of spice which i love. The best part is if you dont like something, it's only a small plate, so order something else! I love the decor. Lots of bright colors that gives a warm feelings. It reminds me so much of south america. I'm not sure if that's what the owners are going for. It's hard to read since one owner is Mexican and one is Turkish. There is a small dining area with the kitchen and the other side is a much larger dining room complete with bar. It's in a great area, out on 22nd in the mission right across from the make-out room and surrounded by other restaurants, bars, and cafes. Personally, I can't wait to go back and try some more small plates.
I have gone back since, and the fondue is a must, also the steak was delicious, my sister had it.We took my sister here for her birthday and the only bummer was that they don't really have drinks that aren't alcoholic (she doesn't drink) she soon forgot about how sad she was that she could only get a coke or water and enjoyed her food. We know if we can take my sister somewhere it HAS to be good.
Excellent. I would classify it as experimental mexican/central american. Servings are tapas sized. The cocktails are like nothing I have ever had before and I used to be a bartender.
Cutesy little restaurant/wine bar with quirky decor and outdoor seating in the Mission. I came here on a Wednesday night, and it was completely full. Luckily, we only waited about 15 mins to get a table.***Mahi-Mahi tostadas - I really should have gotten 3 more plates of the tostadas cause it was the most deliciously, mouth watering dish I've ever had. All the flavors just meshed well and had a nice crisp to it.**Tuna Tacon - The flavors just burst in my mouth and the tuna was fresh.Gorditas BlueFlank SteakThat's in the order of taste and also in the order we received the dishes. The last two dishes took extra long, so we were too full to really enjoy them. The food and service was good, but I may have to try it again on a less busier night to fully enjoy it.
my friend AS moved to town and ive been wanting to get tapas for a while, so we checked it out. contemporary interior. good service. most importantly, not overly hipster. hipsters are why i avoid the mission. a little pricey. very friendly service.got the soft shell crab tacos, carnitas tacos, and heirloom tomatoes. crab was soft and fresh. batter was crunchy and light. sauce added a little creaminess. carnitas were tender and juicy with the right amount of fat. tortillas were fresh and not crumbly, which is a pet peeve of mine. heirloom tomatoes in oil were fresh and not acidic. mozarella cheese was too fresh for a lactard to handle.definitely one of the better tapas places ive been to in sf. almost 4 stars, but overall, flavors were a little too subtle for my taste.
I didn't like this restaurant. The service is extremely poor and seemed like any responsible owner or manager was absent. The place was run by kids. The bar stools at the 'dining' bar (where you have to eat if you don't have a reservation ) were beyond hard and uncomfortable and so smashed together it was impossible to enjoy even a drink much less get your elbows up to take a bite of food. We then asked to move to the street tables where we were hassled by bums. The wait staff made us wait an eternity until we were served or offered a drink after we moved and we sat at the bar for an eternity perusing the tapas only menu and the bartender just stared at us rather than offering help with their complex drink menu- very awkward and strange that he didn't offer us a drink. Once outside they knew we were already not happy, yet we waited an eternity ti acknowledged. We almost left as they were nowhere to be found, but then he appeared so we decided to order. We ordered a series of mexican 'tapas' ranging from tacos to fondue, that were frankly ...weird. They all tasted like the same tomato sauce base. Even the marinades and the fondue was tomato sauce and cheese? The drink menu was over done and overworked. I am not a fan of all the bizarre concoctions in the drinks, so we just ordered wine and beer. They have no beers on tap.
Love the food, ambiance and bar in this place. Definitely one of the shining stars in the mission district. Stand outs are the taco tropical, calamari croquettas and the short rib gorditas. And the brule is killer.
food was pretty good but the service was terrible. We made a 7pm reservation for 14 people a week prior to our visit and when we got there they told us it was for 9pm. They refused to accommodate us is any way and they didn't seem apologetic. Their reaction gave me the feeling that they knowingly shifted our reservation only to accommodate another large group. We were unable to find another restaurant for our group so we waited until 9pm to eat. Not a way to celebrate a birthday dinner.
Ate seared scallops here 4 years ago, and still remember it.
I had to think about this one because I really liked the decor but it after I thought about it..for the price we paid for small bites they moved us out. I understand that this place may be high in demand but the is "okay", not enough to kick us out for more peeps. Besides we came in on a late Tuesday...really? Food is pretty expensive so be prepared to look at it and say, "Hmmm should I?" Presentation is good though, this is a cute little spot for some drinks. Sangria was good too. I guess I was a little turned off the staff kept walking by our table every few minutes ready to swipe any plates to push us out for the next people.
Went here on a Mon night - no reservation and had to wait for 30 mins - I would say food was a bit overpriced for what you get - drinks were good and made strong but not sure its worth paying a lot for small plates - you really need to order a lot of food and get very little - good vibe but I would say Tacolious is better bc you get more food and same Mission vibe - ok for tech ppl who dont care about dropping a lot of money on small plates
Lolo is a cozy, unique, and a little hipster restaurant all rolled up in one. everything is tapas style. my girlfriend and i have been wanting to try this place out for awhile and we finally got around to it. we ordered:taco tropical (tacos of panko-fried shrimp, tropical relish, and aioli)carnitas (your standard pork butt Lolo style)grilled bronzini (whole fish... gotta share this one!)i really like the tacos! i thought there was a good amount of shrimp but the wimpy tortilla could barely hold up to all the fillings... and why was it stone-cold? i would've preferred two warm tortillas. the carnitas came on 3 little tortillas and was good... it was pretty tender and effortlessly melted in my mouth. however, i think they could have made the carnitas a two tortillas dish or just add another ounce or so of meat to get a little more substance... i feel the ratio was slightly off but a minor issue if you could call it that. the main event was the bronzini, which came out like the description on the menu... a whole grilled fish on a fat ass plate. the taste was on point with the menu description as well... it tasted like a grilled fish with a little citrus/vinegar sauce on the side. the taco tropical and carnitas were pretty good and the bronzini was......well, a $26 grilled fish that didn't do much for me. all-in-all, 2 out of 3 dishes were good but the one dish that i didn't really care for was the biggest and most expensive! if i could re-do my trip, i would've used the money that i spent on the bronzini and ordered the ceviche mirasol, a couple of oxtail sliders, and the mucver zuchini cakes... until next time......3.5 out of 5 stars
Normally I'm not a big tapas fan, but this place got me hooked. The staff was so polite and helpful, and they helped us pick out everything from the tapas we wanted to good wine to go with it. The tapas were awesome, and the atmosphere was great as well. I have to say this is my favorite tapas place, and like I said, I'm not even a tapas fan. I left Lolo pleasantly surprised.Yes some people see tapas as a rip off; you pay a lot for tiny plates of food, and you have to get a lot of them to get filled up. I can totally see that, but at the same time there are plenty of people who can appreciate it and don't worry too much about the cost. I mean you know what you're in for when you go to a tapas place, so why complain about it? If you want to get filled up on $5, hit up a taco truck.If I ever want tapas again, I'll be back to Lolo!
A nice, funky-decor spot on a hip Mission side street that's charging about 1/3 too much -- wow, haven't I written this review 20 times before?Well, that's part of the problem; vaguely foreign tapas isn't exactly breaking new ground in SF. Not that there's anything wrong with that, I guess, and they do an OK job here. The sangria is "sparkling" which I guess means mixed with some dry champagne, and it was actually pretty great. Two little shrimp tacos were on some sort of paper-thin tortilla -- I actually thought it *was* paper at first, and it fell apart immediately. Tasty but tiny and 10 or 12 bucks from what I remember. 6 teensy huitlacoche dumplings were just crunchy sort of potstickery things, all bread, barely noticeable filling. Patatas bravas, my favorite tapa, were terrible -- too-large, mushy potato chunks covered with a blob of too-thick tomatoey puree, no sign of aoili. Lamb sliders were yummy and came with some shoestring fries and beet salad, but they were honestly petit-four size, and $6 each. Service was nice, the space is cozy and colorful, but dinner for two with a couple drinks was over $100. Really? Are we spending $50 for a meal that's just workaday tapas? Is this who we've become?
Service was really slow taking orders, getting drinks, etc... but then all of our food came very quickly...which was great, but it would have been nice if they could have spaced the small plates a bit. For the price I think the food was mediocre, at best. There are just too many delicious restaurants in the area to justify returning here.
I've been to Lolo's a few times and have not been disappointed. Lolo's has a great menu. You will be pleased with your options. Service is solid and the food is delicious, and I did not feel rushed like one does at some hot spots.
This is the first time I have ever eaten at this restaurant. When I called, they told me that I could not make a reservation. When I showed up in person, my friend put her name down and we were told that our table would be ready at 8:45PM. Thirty minutes past that time, the hostess told my party that we were next on the list. After four other parties were seated, we were told that our name was--still--next on the list. Words cannot describe what a frustrating experience this was. I doubt the food will make up for it. Nothing makes up for being treated like a second class citizen when you go out for dinner with friends.
just love this place. the beet terrine thingy...nom! nom!
Lolo's was a big surprise in a positive way. There were big expectations going into this restaurant because of all the reviews, and sadly, most restaurants can't live up to the hype, this one meet expectations and exceeded them. All the food ranged from good to great. I had a bunch of stuff there so i can't remember exactly what i ordered, so it was probably not a fluke that what i had was good since i tried so many plates. The sangria was also pretty good, many places often make the sangria too sweet for my girlfriend's liking, but this place had a very unique taste to the sangria and the sweetness of it was just right. Quite a feat, since my girlfriend is very picky with her sangrias.You probably want to call in for a reservation as well, apparently if you book through open table, you are seated at the bar and not the tables (if you prefer the tables). Little something i learned when i showed up for my reservation.
very cute place. a little pricey. but service is great!thin cut octopus: overly seasoned. :(scallop ceviche: yes!!!!kobe beef tacos: yum.
Food was ok, not amazing. Sangria was decent. Sliders were fairly bad, really dry and tasteless, I wouldn't get those again. Brussels sprouts were ok, vege-flauta nothing special. Service was good, it's a cute space, and not too noisy. The sizes of the dishes were uneven, and some seemed too big to be small plates. I would have preferred smaller servings and smaller prices to make it easier to sample more different things. Not a bad spot to eat if you're in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
Liked this place a lot. Tuna tacos and mole enchiladas were great.
Went here on a date and it was great. We were able to chat, get a bottle of wine, and order tapas as we got hungry (would definitely recommend the brussel sprouts). Ambiance was good, server was helpful and not pushy. Will definitely return.
Hot damn. Bring me more Tapas! This place is awesome! Great cocktails too!
I love this place! We ordered a ton of tapas and every single one was delicious. Like another reviewer said, it tastes authentic, not Americanized.One of our faves was definitely the taco tropical (panko and spice-dusted shrimp, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioli).The two owners are the cutest couple. Very friendly and fast service. Great ambiance - warm and cozy. There's a restaurant on one side and a door to the bar side. Wall decor is fun and bright - lots of unique and interesting things to look at. We didn't have a reservation and only had to wait about 30 minutes to get a table on a Friday night. There are plenty of nearby bars to wait at... we liked The Revolution Cafe with live music.
What can be said that hasn't been said. The ambiance is great. The staff was super friendly. And man, the Shrimp Tacos, oh the shrimp tacos, so legit! The food is great, so get a small group of people into all types of food and share away!
Decent spot, you'll find the occasional fantastic flavor in some of the sauces you have here, but too many of the dishes just fall short. Oxtail tostada was really good, but kind of awkward to eat. Great, rich flavors though that go well with the crispy tostada. Padrons are always good, these were naturally a hit. The octopus dish was cut so thin, it looked like a large plate of sauce, but just under the surface you find the super thin layer of Octo. Flavors were bold and citrusy, but really kind of a miss. We probably made a mistake ordering the chipotle marinated ribeye, so I blame us, but it was a nothing special decent sized slab o beef. Really not memorable. And the bronzini was largely lackluster to boot. Yeah, I support my recap, it's a decent spot with a great variety of flavors, but mostly fell short. There are so many good spots out in this hood, I can't see coming back here too soon. And 8 bucks for a glass of wine on tap? There are bottles on their menu cheaper than that...
It's a very fun an boisterous atmosphere. I want to try all of their tapas at some point. For my first visit we had the salmon, tuna, shrimp, and meatballs. They were all quite good with the shrimp and salmon taking the edge. Any negatives? Yeah, the tuna in the tacos was a little overcooked and became a bit dense to chew through. I still give it four for the combination of food and fun.
This place ROCKS! Last June our office had our annual Global Digital Conference and in a small window of time I had to find a caterer that could feed up to 200 guests. After several phone calls, I was given the number of Jorge Martinez (co-owner of Lolos), who quickly stepped up to the plate and delivered an amazing food selection served by an AWESOME staff! Jorge created a menu that was within our budget for the amount of people and was super flexible and great to work with. On the menu was:HUITLACOCHE AND RICOTA FILLED DUMPLINGS WITH SQUASH BLOSSOM TOMATO SAUCESPORTABELLO POBLANO PEPPER AND FETTA CHESSE ON BLUE CORN MINI TOSTADASTUNA AND BAY SCALLOPS CEVICHE PANKO ENCRUSTED SHRIMP WITH A ANCHO PEPPER AIOLI GRILLED ORGANIC CHIKEN BREAST SATAYS MARINATED IN ACHIOTE AND GARLIC SERVED WITH A CARIBE CHILE AIOLIPULLED PORK SHORTRIBES MINI CORN SOPE And it was all really good! No one was disappointed!! Executives from several offices around the world complimented the cuisine with excitement and enjoyed the friendliness and hospitality of the staff that passed around the food. If you're looking for a good caterer for any party large or small, I highly recommend this restaurant and their team!
Very good food. Customer service was a bit slow... but overall pretty good.
This place was so great! Loved the loud decor and ambiance. My boyfriend and I shared the crab tostada, mahi mahi tostada, and the carnitas, and we were impressed with everything. Fresh ingredients, whimsical details in presentation, and awesome flavors!We came without a reservation on a Friday night and got seats at the bar. Great service :)Next time I'll try the sparkling sangria.
The food was amazing! service was amazing! Loved the place!We will be back!
My boyfriend took me here on a special date and we loved it. He had been before so knew it was a great spot. We were immediately seated and sat by the window (Tuesday night and rainy). Servers were very attentive and I enjoyed the funkiness of the decor that changes every so often. I also appreciated the music of Spanish boogie. Everything seemed to be thought out to give the full experience. ( I learned the restaurant is named after the wife of the owner).We ordered Gorditas (yum), a beet-esque salad that was thinly sliced beets with layers of feta mousse. Absolutely delicious. Felt like I was eating a piece of heaven. And our third dish, we also sampled "Sultan likes Lolita," kobe ground beef cooked in a tomato and eggplant puree and served in a pot. Not what I had anticipated but delectable. They also brought complimentary bread with an incredible creamy dipping sauce. Sparkling sangria was tasty and a on the stronger side. No fruit but my boyfriend tells me fruit in Sangria is an Americanized thing.A new favorite restaurant in the Mission.
First let me highly suggest that making a reservation is a very good idea!!! The serves was great, our waiter was really nice and attentive. The ambiance is great, it kind of reminded me of a chicer version of Cha Cha Cha's. The food that I shared with my friend was amazing, we had the fried brussel sprouts, crab tapas and the lamb burgers, everything was really good!!!! Also the sangria was is right up there with the food!!!I can't wait to come back!!!!
The best thing about this restaurant is the way it is designed. Every wall is creatively put together and is a hidden gem. The food is pretty good too but nothing special in my opinion.
Lolo, I wanted to give you 5 stars sooooo badly. In fact, I did until three-quarters of the way through our meal. Then my little Yelp-wired brain quickly calculated your rating down to four stars.You were getting 5 stars for...+Convenient wait system. Because you took down our cell phone #, we were able to go across the street so I could get the most disgusting strawberry caipirinha at Cava22 while waiting for our table.+Your delicious, unique menu. The zucchini cakes were absolutely wonderful, with the tangy yogurt balancing out the crispy-on-the-outside-but-soft-on-the-inside fried goodness. You made brussels sprouts palatable by frying them and seasoning them lightly. And the mushroom-and-ricotta dumplings were heavenly, hot out of the fryer and served with the tomato and cheese puree.+Your cute decor. Small, but bright and friendly and casual. My type of place.But then you lost a star when...We'd ordered the stuffed pepper originally, along with the brussels sprouts and zucchini cake (all $6). After we were mostly done with the brussels sprouts and zucchini, we waited for our stuffed pepper. And then we waited some more. Finally, when we flagged down one of the waiters and asked him if our pepper was on its way, he told us very apathetically that they'd run out of peppers for the night. That's how we ended up with the dumplings; they made no apologies for NOT TELLING US that our food wasn't in stock, nor did they apologize for not having it anymore. So, we just ordered something else.When we got our bill, the waiter had charged us for the pepper. Um, no, that's not okay. Good thing we double-checked, and told the waiter. At every other restaurant that I've been to (where they've made the same mistakes), the waitstaff has always been overly apologetic. We didn't hear a single "sorry" during our time at Lolo, which kind of irked me.I'm not sure if it was because we were seated at the bar as opposed to a regular table with the same waiter/waitress, but seriously? Sure, your food was EXCELLENT, but your service prevented you from getting all 5 shiny stars. I'll definitely be back for the food, so hopefully your waitstaff can step up their game.
Great place to relax, have some good drinks, and enjoy some very tasty food. There are a lot of drink options and the ones we had tasted good and weren't watered down. The dishes on the menu all looked good and the ones we tried all tasted great. The only problem was the portion size. Its pretty typical for SF and this type of restaurant but could still hope for a little more on each plate. The lamb sliders were amazing. So was the taco tropical. If only there was three of each per plate instead of two for each of those dishes. The squid in black ink croquetas were pretty great too. The octopus tiradito was a little on the oily side. Overall great dinner and drinks and casual place to enjoy the night. We sat outside and it was perfectly warm enough.
Giving it a 4 becoz of the amazing shrimp tacos (jicama wrap) and cute ambience. Everything else was more like a 3.5, but overall a great experience!"
Lolo offers a great selection of wine and tapas. My favorite tapa was the pistachio crusted salmon and the kobe beef tacos. Although the tapas are a little more on the pricier side, they are definitely worth it. I LOVED the pistachio sauce on the salmon. Service was great, and the vibe was very friendly and casual. The end of the night was a total blur after drinking an entire bottle of wine here. Good times, good times. Thank you, Lolo!
The meal I had at Lolo a few weeks ago was just delicious, catapulting the restaurant into my top 10 favorite SF dining haunts. My local host for the evening suggested the place, having heard about it through the foodie grapevine. We were ecstatic to find upon arrival that there was one table available with no waiting required. We had a salad to share as an appetizer - yummy but not overly memorable. We were however also given some delicious bread with even better dipping sauce. I rarely eat bread these days but found myself asking for seconds. For my entree, I chose the Mahi Mahi, which was served with a nice paprika red sauce (light but still flavorful) and a side of greens. I was very happy to see that the fish was not overcooked - a mistake people seem too make way to often with fish like Mahi Mahi. My dinner companion ordered a steak with a peach-strawberry mole sauce. She was more than happy with her choice and I was too, from the bites I stole off my companion's plate. The sauce alone was worth the visit - honestly, what a unique ingenious combination of flavors between the chocolate of traditional mole sauces and then the two fruits. One question remains, regarding the vibe between the front and back dining rooms. My dining companion and I sat in the front room because that is where the one available table was located, but the back room seemed to be even more hoping. Is it? I got a vibe from the back room, when I walked through to get to the bathroom, similar to that of my favorite NY restaurant - Barrio Chino. I think this question merits a follow up visit soon, with my same dining companion if she's game.
I hate to do this because to be honest, I had a lot of fun here. The inside was packed so we opted to sit on the outside heated patio for our tapas. We ordered white wine, the mussels, the ceviche and the crab tostadas. The mussels were under done but the broth they were in was so tasty and flavorful that I'd want to eat them again but done properly for sure. The ceviche was great. It had lumps of seafood, avocado and seasoned to perfection with lots of lime. Cute little crackers to scoop it with made this dish perfection. The crunch was just perfect. Add the Turkish dried lemon and it's fusion is complete!Lastly, the crab tostadas I highly recommend and were the best thing we had. I could eat like 20 of them in one sitting. Lump crab, chorizo, avocado on a small blue corn tortilla. Who ever thought that crab and chorizo would go so perfectly together? The chorizo didn't over power the crab at all in this dish.Downside: Expensive for what you get. $15 for 2 tiny tostadas? That's a little too high for my taste. There is no value for your money here.Upside: The food had unique Turkish accents to your typical latin fare which make it new and exciting but it really can't overcome the price factor. The wine was tasty and priced right and the service was fantastic. Out waiter was really cute, too!
This place is amazing the wait staff was great on recommending cocktails to go with the entries. I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu.
this place would be perfect for a first date, well....given that your date was awesome and not pretentious. but i had the opportunity to come with my family for father's day (although it's definitely not something my dad would have ever EVER chosen himself). my mom suggested it and said he needed to try new things anyway. good job, mom! we got a bunch of dishes:--ceviche- no wow-factor, but a pretty good ceviche--taco tropical- yumm! though fried, this seemed like a really light dish because they used really thin slices of jicama instead of tortillas. great idea. --pistachio encrusted salmon with wasabi aioli- perfectly cooked salmon with lots of pistachios. this dish was the best of the night! --carnitas tacos- soo tender and flavorful with a great guac.--beef with cold soba- the beef was full of flavor. the cold sour soba was a little odd to me but not so much that i didn't eat it all anyway. --berry trifle- light and not too sweet. perfect way to end the meal. my dad left hungry, of course. fusion food really isn't his thing. i think chinese would have been fine for him. not the smartest father's day dinner, but it was enjoyable for everybody else.
We stumbled upon this place after seeing a show at the Make Out Room. We were hungry and it was across the street. The food wasn't bad, but every dish we had (we had 3) was a little off. The flavors just didn't come together right and the portions were skimpy. I left wishing I could return the food and get my money back. We were still hungry when we left. We could have ordered more, but instead decided we'd rather go home and eat left-overs.
had made a reservation for 2 at 7pm and we arrived on time. had to wait 10 min for the table, no big deal. sharing this because it was the only "problem" food, wine and service were amazing. try the pistachio crusted salmon..wowi can't wait to return
Portion size always scares me when it comes to tapas, which is why Lol gets some strict scrutiny based on plate size alone. There's a lot to like though, even if these dishes leave you wanting more. Presentation-wise, this is elegant, colorful and playful for a simple tapas place: Some highlights included their smokey, chicken confit tostadas, and their eclectic ceviche. Buyer beware though: Err on the side of MORE food when ordering, more so than your typical tapas establishment.
This place is SO good. Every plate we had here was delicious. I'd never even heard about it before. ** Don't go expecting to get regular tapas, this place is WAY better than anything you'd get at a tapas place. My friends and I wandered in on a search for tapas and came out totally converted.I highly recommend it. It's one of the best restaurants in the City. The ceviche is amazing and the crab tacos are so rich and delicious.The only thing is, they don't have a bar or anywhere to wait so you have to wait elsewhere, but it's worth it!
Funky fresh cool in the super hipster Mission. I personally would skip out on the octopus taradito (could barely tell it was my 8-footed friend, and more like turkey meat! cute super thin and drenched with chili and oil) and the grilled bronzini (overpriced and nothing special...altho it did have this amazing chili salt to dip on the side).In spite of that, our taco tropical (right amount of crispy), beef kofte (so incredibly tender and juicy! not an hint of dryness), and stuffed pepper (the most turkish of 'em all) was all great. Paired with some sparkling sangria and you have yourself a fun night.Nice extra perks: our table couldn't get enough of the complimentary baguette-like bread and their tangy tomato/cheese dip. And when we inquired about the type of chili salt they used, the waiter brought us a fat bag of it, compliments of the chef. Now that's a winner!
Not all that impressive honestly. The Brussels were too oily and burned beyond recognition (they called it caramelized, but the difference is the unmistakable burnt flavor). Pistachio salmon was ok, a little over cooked, but really for the price it's a rip off. Shrimp tacos were maybe the best we had but the fry oil could have stood some extra blotting to get the excess grease off. the presentation is great; however I found most ingredients to be over seasoned and the salt content too high.Ambiance was ok. The bird sounds in the bathroom is weird.  It's going for eclectic but comes off a bit sloppy. Overall, if you're into the hipster trend you'll probably like it, but if you're more into an artful experience, look elsewhere.
Stumbled upon this place before a night out and it was so good, I went back yesterday! Super friendly staff also.Recommend: Caesar salad, Carnitas tacos, and Mezcal BBQ Gorditas
Great small plates with a good variety. Also cocktails are delicious. Added plus - the restaurant is opened very late!
This is my favorite place to eat when i want to spend some money on some really amazing, unique, delicious, interesting food. I can't say enough good things about this fanatics place, with spectacular decor and super nice wait staff. MAKE A RESERVATION because there is always a wait and they also have some sidewalk seating.i like everything i've ever eaten from Lolo and although i'm a poor student it's worth throwing down.Small plate goodness at Lolo
Possibly my new favorite restaurant in the 'hood. How did I not eat here sooner?!?First of all, the place is adorable. It's super cozy and colorful - eclectically decorated with recycled materials. Lol, a bottle of wine, and a bff is the perfect equation for a special girls' evening out.Our service was great, but the food was phenomenal! They offer very inventive Mexican-Turkish dishes, with other influences in the mix. Our server mentioned the tacos tropical (shrimp) and the ahi tacos are their signature items, so at least one of these is a must. We had the seared ahi tacos and they were incredible. Soy sauce was an interesting and unexpected touch... someone seriously knows what they're doing in the kitchen.We also had the lamb sliders, the ceviche, and beet salad. All were super tasty, but of the three, the ceviche was my favorite. I think it was the best ceviche I've had in San Francisco, and I've had it at quite a lot of places (though I still haven't eaten at Le Mar!).Lo-lo-lo-lo Lol, I'll be back soon.
Lots of interesting tapas. Different set of ingredients.  However, too saucy for my taste. I prefer good honest food vs everything hidden under a sauce of some sort.
Nish?Is that him? Not sure. Although, this would be the second time I thought it was him at another venue and it was (Absinthe).But I was too hungry and frazzled, so maybe it was a moment of prudence where I did not wail out and yell out his name to a group of diners being crowed upon by a short little Japanese baba.Yesterday was one of those odd days where my being was off-kilter. Maybe it was the lack of coffee. Maybe it was the lack of sun. Maybe it was work piling on top of my shoulders. Suddenly, I felt like I understood the burden that Atlas had taken on with the world, add in a little Sisyphean idiosyncrasies and my Wednesday was a true hump day.Meeting up with W was a work in itself, and I'm apologizing beforehand to anyone and to him, if I was becoming irritable due to having no lunch and only 3-4 chocolate truffles. I believe I may have been curt, elusive and for sympathy, the wrong person to elicit such a response.Last Supper Club was closed, much to our chagrin. One of my favorite places for a nice dinner and apparently, home to one of the best Pork Tenderloin experiences to have been had. So, as my patience was starting to wear thin, we walked by Lolo and then did a double back.By this point, all conscious processes had shut down and I was ready to keel over.We were seated at a two-person table, only because it seems that they are pretty pressed for space; in addition, be ready to kick your neighbor with the tip of your toe (luckily, our neighbors were two charming women who were quite gracious) and possible jostling of elbows. The interior is rather eclectic, as we were seated across the bar that had an odd Western/Latin/Mediterranean and slightly more casual feel, whereas the main dining area was a bit more formal and dimly lit, good for couples.The menu, however slight, reflected an interesting melding of the cultural backgrounds of the owners, Jorge Martinez (Mexico) and Merdol Erkal (Turkey). I was craving some red meat and my eyes alighted on the flank steak, and however creative, the peach and strawberry mole sauce did not seem too inviting (not much of an mole enthusiast) however W did elect an appetizer for both us, the huitlacoche ( en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Co) and ricotta dumplings. In addition, the waiter did advise us on the panko-encrusted shrimp appetizer mini tacos with a tropical relish and jicama crunch adding in to the experience, and we continued with the order of our entrees, the MahiMahi and the Pork Chop.My first reaction to a bite of W's pork chop goes as follows:"Wow," I remarked, between the first chew and second, "what is that? A lamb chop? It tastes like lamb!" We later surmised that perhaps the blue cheese may have added to the flavor in disguise.This was an incredible piece of meat done correctly. Soft, tender....grilled on the outside but not too much to eliminate the subtle flavor of the pork. I was impressed, as was our neighboring ladies.My MahiMahi was perfection. It came out, covered ablaze in a glorious red light sauce, fiery in color and representative of the native Turkish roots, the heavy use of paprika. The MahiMahi is the best I've had ever. It was soft, slightly translucent/opaque, done to perfection and the flakes of the fish were not overtly firm and extremely moist and delicately textured. However, I would have preferred a slightly less tangy sauce, since the side accompaniment of tossed greens was also drizzled with an interesting vinaigrette, but the sweetness of the chunks of mango proved a differing range of sweet and savory.I paired this, with a wonderful Dr. Loosen Riesling.It was a wonderful meal, despite somewhat clumsy attempts by our waitress (maybe she was new) because by clearing my plate, I don't think she saw the red paprika spiked sauce drizzle off and onto the floor, barely missing the scarf of the charming lady to the right of me. Otherwise, our experience was a good one. I'd definitely be back to try more of the appetizers and so that W could get his fix of the most excellent pork chop. Maybe even more, if they doubled the portion to two chops ;)
I love this place!! The food is incredible (soft shell crab... mmm) and their tamarind margaritas are amazing. Can't wait to go back!
The perfect second or third date spot. Not only is the food inventive, delicious, and made to share, but the decor gives you plenty to talk about and the staff knows just when to swoop in or leave you alone. It's also a great double date spot, a lovely weekday dinner, and an ideal place to take the folks for lunch when they're in town for a visit. I love having a bottle of water on the table (I like my Hetch Hetchy to come in larger quantities than a glass at a time) and a reasonably priced wine list from which to choose. My manfriend is more than a little obsessed with the taco tropicale while I drool over the arugula salad and whatever grilled octopus or squid concoction they happen to be serving.
Who has ever heard of a Turkish-Latin fusion restaurant? I've never...This place was a deeeeelight. The interior itself was visually arousing. Couldn't help but stare at all the little interesting details and colors that adorn the walls. Even the bar counter top was cool!Taco Tropical: Damn, these were good. Panko shrimp tacos atop a Jicama tortilla. These were sooooo good and you don't feel like a fatass after devouring them. Comes in a serving of 2.Mucver cakes: Zucchini cakes in a frothy yogurt. So-so. Pass on these.Crab and Chorizo tacos: Good. But I feel like something was missing from it... I had to squeeze a bit of lemon on it for me to like this dish. It's pretty much straight crab and chorizo bits atop a tortilla with ancho aioli. Could've used some fresh veggies or something.Over all, service was great, interior is typical to that of a cutesy San Franciscan restaurant in the Mission, and food was good. Exotic dishes with interesting ingredients make this a restaurant you must try atleast once.
Great tapas, fun atmosphere, colorful neighborhood...Definitely worth it!
Came here for my birthday dinner (I LOVE tapas). My friend made a reservation online and the soonest open spot they had was at 11PM. No problem! Arrived there around 7PM and were seated outside in 5 minutes even though it seemed packed. Okay, here's the run down:Tomato and Burrata salad - delicious and refreshing! But I love cheese & olives, so this was all around tasty for meOctopus tiradito - The flavoring of this was good - salt/lemon/creaminess - but I couldn't really taste the octopus (which was so thinly sliced that when it came out, it just looked like a bunch of sauce on a plate); regardless, because the sauce was good, I liked this one, although I can't say it was my favorite.Dungeness crab tostadas - I'd have to say THESE were my favorite. The crab meat didn't taste like it had been frozen (so fresh and so clean!) and it meshed surprisingly well with the guacamole and whatever else was in these crispy, soft, savory bites of YUM.Lamb sliders - more like lamb & green pepper meatballs in a bun. Good, tender, not gamey, but not anything to write home about.Ceviche - LOVE ceviche, and this one tasted fresh and the seafood was chunky (vs. chopped up into bits where you don't know what you're eating) & flavorful.Chocolate fondue - eh, it's fruit. It's melted chocolate. Can't really go wrong here, but nothing spectacular.Sangria - really liked the fact they used sparkling wine. I just made myself really hungry by writing this post... Anyway, I went with friends who thought the dishes were pretty good as well (and you know when you go with enthusiastic friends, the food just tastes better?) I'm taking my boyfriend to try this place out again. We'll see what his discriminating palate has to say.
Scallops, wine.Huitlacoche, wine.Shrimp, wine, repeat.Salmon, wine, repeat.Wine, wine, wine....this place has something, i guess you cannot beat the synergy of good food, good wine, great service and a night sharing it all with friends.Lolo = LOL = REPEAT
The mezcal was good. I mean it hits you a little later. The service is good and so is the food. A tad too pricey. I would give it 4 stars for the food and 3 stars for the price. I would say 3.5 stars average.
This place was delicious. Just a date night with my best girlfriend. Small, intimate space but not too intimate. Super cute decor with mirrors and peacocks. The food - BOMB. We ordered the fried brussel sprouts (MUST order), tuna tacon, crab tostada, pistachio encrusted salmon, and the asparagus. For dessert, we had the "Ice Cream Sandwich" and finished off the mini pitcher of chocolate. To drink, I had the Pineapple, Basil, Vodka (2oz pours = good drinks), and my girlfriend had the Black Mojito. We followed that up with a glass of Sangria each. I'm definitely coming back and would recommend this place to anyone. Looks tough for large parties, but a quick girls night or dinner date is perfect. We split the bill - $50 per person, but we ate so much and had good conversation. Worth it
Lolo is really good. My companion and I had the quesadilla, the tacos, Brussels sprouts (those were just a little too charred). The service was among the nicest / most polite I've encountered in the Mission. They actually seemed happy to be there.Will go back again for sure.
The first time I came to Lolo (insert accent), I was on a date with a girl I met Salsa dancing! The only thing is that she was Vegan. We had a good time, but the restaurant didn't leave a big impression.Second time around, with my wacky friend John petting their porcelain dog, sitting at the bar area in the back joking with the guys and having fun drinking an interesting Italian Vino, we ordered a big selection of different dishes. Holy Shit! It was awesome. I can't wait to go back and check out a few other dishes, and the guys that work here are just cool.It maybe a bit on the pricey side, but the ambiance, food, service, and whole lotta lolo goodness makes you want to make it a new favorite.
Love Love Love this place.Great price point. Great food. Lovely Atmosphere. Fab wine. Will definitely be back here.
I was pretty happy with the service. Pretty good food quality. Kind of noisy inside, but that's part of the character of the place. Seemed pretty pricey for the quantity of food that you get., but then again, they are small plates.
Awesome, awesome spot -- and it can be quite cheap. A friend and I split the brussel sprouts (delightful), empanadas (awesome, with a little bit of a kick), and cheese fondue (rich, lovely) for about $12 each. It's a really nice atmosphere and they even have well-heated outdoor seating that makes the atmosphere fantastic.
I'm rounding down on this one. The place is cool, cool cool but the service was horrible and the food was not great. I went here based on Yelp and the great food reviews but the food was only ok. And they were out of 2 items, which is about 15% of the menu. The wines by the glass were creative and tasty. The shrimp of the famous shrimp tacos...super over cooked. Ahh the service...really friendly BUT really bad. I would have rounded up but when the staff tries to convince me that what I'm getting is better than how it used to be is not ok. I don't care how it was, I care how it is when I'm sitting at the table. With all that said, its a cool place well decorated.
I've long maintained that tapas, like dim sum, is a scam. It's a way to trick you into paying more money for less food and Lolo is the restaurant that proves my point. The food, especially those jicama shrimp taco things, is good but way overpriced. Two thin slices of of jicama a couple of shrimp and some sauce no matter how good is just not worth $9.We sat at the bar in this kind of divey place, had a couple of beers and one glass of wine, some tasty tapas, one desert that I didn't care for, and it set me back about $100 including tax and tip. It wasn't even a lot of food. Maybe I'm a cheap bastard but my attitude is that I probably could have spent less for two at House of Prime Rib so why am I buying little scraps of food at a premium price?Esperpento across the street seems a little more reasonable and according to Maybelline C it's very authentic. The next time someone asks me to get tapas I'll suggest going there instead.Solid four star food but a two star value
Say "Si" to a night in Barcelona on the streets of SF. Last Saturday, when the weather was gorgeous my friend and I sat outside of Lolo under heat lamps and the striped awning. We ordered wine and delicious small dishes: guacamole with pomegranate seeds, ceviche, tuna and scallops and a wonderful berry/whipped creme dessert. I was in a trance. It felt as close to being in Europe since I actually was in Europe.  The waitstaff was friendly and you could walk right up to the chef in the exposed kitchen and give him your compliments. And trust me, you will be full of compliments when your belly is full of great food.
I love tapas. I don't know if it's the ability to try many dishes in one seating or my love of Spain and the memories the food inspires, but I am always down for it and when I see small plates deployed on the menu, I secretly rejoice. I am also inspired to write long sentences it seems. I have had Alegrias on my sights for a while so when someone suggested tapas as a dinner option, this was my first candidate. However, it was fully booked (or closed) so I stumbled upon Lolo's on yelp. Ambiance (4): There are two sides to this place; we ended up in the small intimate one next to the open air kitchen. It's very kitschy and employs curtains and tablecloths that younger generations won't recognize as having once inhabited an ethnic minority grandma's house...maybe Southern grandma too. This gives it the Mission je ne sais quoi (sp?). Food (4): We had about six dishes and they were all good with some being outstanding. The most memorable were the tuna tostadas with roasted chili peppers, cabbage, cotija cheese, sauce; fried brussel sprouts; and the side of warm bread they served with a sundried tomato goat cheese sauce. There were so many good sauces that we kept ordering bread to sop them up. The only dish that approached the realm of lackluster were the mushroom empanadas which were good but could use some help in getting to that restaurant level. Meaning, I can see them at a bakery for 8 bucks a dozen, not so much as a restaurant dish. The desserts were simple, flavorful, and light. The wine list was varied and completely affordable and conducive to bottle ordering which to me is a requirement for Spanish tapas. The list could have used more tempranillo options though. Anyhow, I didn't have my table's support since they opted for sangrias, which unfortunately, did not include any drunken fruit. Service (3): We had to wait a while before we could place our order, but after that, it got better. Solid but not outstanding. Value (4): Prices were really good and the total bill was surprisingly low.Overall: I really liked this place. The food was good, the atmosphere was casual and homey and the value was great. I would definitely go back; especially since it seems Alegrias is closed, Laiola is closed, the Basque one in North Beach was just okay, and Contigo seemed a bit pricey. Highly recommended.
Not 100% on this place. Much of me is very mad I did not try the suggested pistachio crusted salmon with wasabi cream sauce. I did, however, go by the server's recommendations. We got ceviche, the taco tropical, the cheese plate, and the crab with chrizo something or other (in truth, the server said it was too cold outside for ceviche and didn't exactly give us the 'you must get it' with the cheese plate). I thought the Taco tropical was ok. It is panko and spice dusted shrimp tropical relish and chipolte aoili. It kinda reminded me of an americanized sushi roll that tastes like tempura and some thick ketchup cream sauce. It was good, but not outstanding. The ceviche was alright, but it was all clustered into one square and had avacado, which I'm actually slightly allergic too (the avocado is not listed on the menu). I liked it, but it was nothing like what they serve at Limon. Then the cheese plate arrived. The cheese plate was pretty good, but lord were the portions small. I enjoy getting a cheeseplate at Terroir, a wine bar I believe to be incredibly expensive. They're cheese plate portions are WAY bigger than Lolo's though, and a lot better. BUT, not all failed. The crab thingy I mentioned (I can't find it on an online menu) was FANTASTIC. Fresh crap in a tortilla dipped in what very much seemed like CHRIZO CREAM SAUCE. I know, you're arties are frighened, the flat stomach you still have at this moment would hoover in a corner if it could upon hearing these words. But lord, it's good and it's worth it. In fact, I'd go back to Lolo's just to get that dish. As for the wine, which until now I have not mentioned, it is alright. It is not fantastic by any means. It reminds me of stuff I buy at my corner store (to Lolo's credit, the corner store near my house has a great selection). With that being said, Lolo is a good spot. But if you don't got a lot of dough consider going somewhere where the food is more CONSISTENTLY up to par for the prices you pay.
Busy, fun, funky place with above average food and beverage. We shared 4 drinks and five dishes. Two drinks were super. Two just good. Of the five dishes, Three were great, and two just good. Ceviche was awesome. So were the lamb sliders. Awesome staff. Will return.
One of the BEST tapas restaurant's in SF which says a lot. My friend and I sat at the bar and loved seeing the great care that is put into making each drink. It was like a little show. It didn't matter what we ordered, the food and drinks were amazing. We didn't order the sangria, but from the number of sangria's going out, they seemed to be wildly popular. The dcor is also lovely. Little bonus. I heard they're moving to a new and bigger location - definitely a good idea since this place seems to be very popular. Oh, and very friendly staff - always a nice addition to a place with great food and drinks.
Great spot! I went here last night to catch up with a friend who I haven't seen in 2 years. I was looking for a lively-but-not-too-lively spot, where we could get some good wine and tapas without paying an exorbitant price. I was so pleased to see that all of those wishes came true. The wine list is great and reasonable. The tapas were unique, flavorful, diverse and generously-portioned! I had the endive salad with kumquats and halloumi (sp?) cheese (delicious!) and the guacamole with homemade corn chips. My friend had the ceviche and loved it!Points for "Gluten awareness": I cannot eat gluten, so when I asked the waiter about the presence of wheat in various dishes, without any hesitation (or attitude) he was able to identify all of the dishes I could and could not eat. What made me even happier was that I was able to eat several of the dishes and was not sick this morning! (As a suggestion to the restaurant, I would recommend that they label their menu since they do have several gf options.)I will definitely be coming back here again!
When I was in SF for a visit, my cousins asked me where/what I wanted to eat. I told them simply, "Wherever local foodies with grazing (not big) appetites would eat, drink and be merry..." and they took me to Lol. I loved the casual, unpretentious groove--it felt like I was in my grandmother's kitchen again. The staff was warm, friendly and attentive. Since it was raining out, we sat inside, in the second room, in a cozy corner booth. Since my dining companions were regulars and quite familiar with my eclectic palate, they knew exactly what to order: fried brussels sprouts, Taco Tropicale (panko-crusted shrimp), duck confit, flank steak, scallops, ceviche mirasole and loads of flatbread. All of it was sumptuous--fresh, flavorful and spicy. The brussels sprouts were very tasty, albeit slightly on the burnt side; my hands-down favorite was the Taco Tropicale; I was so glad no one else wanted the last one--I devoured it before anyone could change her/his mind. As for victuals, we ordered a couple of pitchers of sangria; long story short, I didn't get to try the rest of the cocktail offerings. I highly recommend Lol if you're looking for a venue in which to enjoy great service, conversation with dear friends and the ability to share and graze a la tapas-style dishes. Try it on a Sunday or Monday night, when it's less busy and you won't have to wait for a table.
Since I first visited Lol a couple of weeks ago, I've been searching for an opportunity to return. We decided to eat here after one friend read raving reviews right here on Yelp! From the street, it doesn't look too promising. The decor is not too sophisticated, and if you've never visited before, you won't know that there are actually two options for seating--a small room right in front of the kitchen and a roomier spot next door. But, if you're reading this, now you know!We ordered the sangria, which is tasty, but also has a slight hint of carbonation, which I don't like. I had a salad that featured a colorful medley of tomatoes, feta cheese, red onions, and something else that made everything burst with flavor in my mouth. My friends ordered the guacamole and a steak dish, and we decided to have two orders of ceviche. The ceviche featured tuni and avocado, and was presented with some type of chip (or cracker) that was quite original. A had a small sliver of the steak, and it was also something to remember.Our bill was a bit pricey, but sometimes you have to pay for exceptionally tasty and out of the ordinary.
Great concept; totally charming and bright interior; ideal location if you're headed to The Makeout Room later. We got there at 6PM so got immediate seating and fast, friendly service. My companion loved the corn nut-studded ceviche, which to me (a hater already) seemed a bit light on the sea critters. We both loved the fried brussel sprouts with shallots and hazelnuts. And we decided that we would kill for the crunchy-pillowy soft shell crab tacos on delicate homemade tortillas with chipotle aioli and peanut drizzle. The only disappointment were the squash blossom quesadillas - gummy masa, bland fillings. Four tapas and a half-carafe of wine (served in a chemistry beaker) filled us up. What's not to love?
Lolo serves up really creative small but tasty dishes - don't go here if you're packing serious hunger (unless you're packing equally serious cash), but it's definitely worth trying out for the great flavors. The decor is pretty hipster-like and intimate, a good place for a light dinner with a couple of trendy friends. The menu is a mixture of small plates and main dishes (which also are pretty small) - for our table of 4, we ordered 4 small plates and 2 main courses and that was about right. For starters, the house bread/creamy dip is amazing - we must have gone through 4 portions over the course of dinner. I recommend trying the octopus small plate (imagine carpaccio-style octopus meets ceviche) as were the shrimp tacos (they're really an appetizer for two, a la Nopalito). The chilean sea bass is also excellent, cooked plain and served with a number of spices on the side. Finally, kudos to the chef/owner for coming out to answer our questions on the dish...we were asking about the spices with the sea bass and he gave us a bag of Turkish spice! Tr cool...definitely will return soon!
First of all let me correct a lot of people here who say the sangria is good. I think their sangria is the worst part of the experience. 1. you don't put ice in sangria 2. it was too watered down and tasteless.The good, the food was excellent. - Taco Tropical was excellent. - Zucchini I liked a lot but my eating partners didn't. - Octopus carpaccio, interesting but I wouldn't order it again- Sultan loves a Lolita (kufta and tomato sauce) very good- bread and house sauce for the table- excellentIt is a fun place but make sure to make reservations. They are busy every night of the week. I would totally recommend it.
This place is great. Awesome atmosphere, great food and friendly staff. Yeah you may have to wait for a table... but it's worth it.
This is exactly the kind of place that makes SF stand apart from other major cities around the world. You have to go here to understand what I mean. Great laid back atmosphere with friendly service and amazing not so expensive food. It is tapa style so order a bunch and share. I love their pistachio crusted salmon and shrimp tacos.
Had dinner with the other half and two good friends. With combined great food and spot on service we really enjoyed the experience and would recommend it to others.The russel Sprouts and Tune Tacon were supurb!
I'm totally feeling the Turkish/Mexican Lolo love. The decor is so quirky gorgeous and the food is just as fun. Maybe it was just being in the company of one of my favorite people, but all of this together somehow made for the best night ever. Appetizer-- I love when we asked our cute waiter what the huitlacoche dumplings were, and he in very vague terms described huitlacoche as mushroom like, but with a lighter taste. Oh, a nasty fungus that attacks corn? AKA corn smut? Why didn't you just say so! Yum! And actually, it was. Especially the sweet corn foam, which was thankfully more of a pudding. So good that we smeared it on the dumplings, hunks of bread, whatever else was lying about the table, then stuffed it down before they could take the plate away. Entrees-- Flank steak with strawberry and peach mole and a side of frites. The frites were way better than those at Plouf. Ordered the steak medium and it came cooked nicely. And the mole: I might have licked the bowl if no one was watching.Seafood stew with mussels, fish, scallops, and noodles. The wine based broth was light but still really flavorful. There probably could've been more noodles, but this didn't detract from the dish. It came with a little pile of Turkish paprika to sprinkle over it. Dessert-- Chocolate fondue with squares of banana bread and ripened berries. Not amazing, but a fun way to end the meal.$50 w/o tip. The bill came tucked into a picture book of Afghan Hounds. And there really is nothing more humorous than an afghan hound, especially the one I once saw pounding his way up Fillmore, hair swishing about like a Vidal Sassoon commercial. Love it!
My new favorite spot in the city! Lolo is a lively, creative neighborhood spot that serves the most interesting tapas I've had to date. I'll only give it four stars because I think it's priced a bit too high: $4.50 for one tiny shrimp taco; $15 for three small meatballs in pureed eggplant.However, the food is so good that I'll continue to bring my favorite people here for dinner. I'm a total sucker for the Sultan Loves Lolita (kofte in a creamy eggplant puree) and the Tacos Tropical (panko'd shrimp with a fruity salsa). The zucchini cakes are delicious, the endive salad is so light and flavorful, the short ribs in masa are wonderfully creative.Finally, the service is great. On a recent visit we were going to be more than 15 minutes late for our reservation. We called and were told that they would hold our table beyond the normal time if we agreed to stay within our original two hour seating window. Of course we were happy to oblige! I'm grateful for their flexible attitude that kept everyone happy!
I agree with Sara J., who wrote that this is a perfect second or third date spot. It's also a great place to go with a longtime love. Or friends. Or... anyone else you can drag along as an excuse to go! My favorite dish was the pistachio-crusted salmon, but I liked everything I tried. They have some food in unusual combinations--e.g., a chorizo-and-scallop tostada. I was very impressed. Kind of expensive--I'd call it "$$$" rather than "$$"--but great nonetheless. Terrific service, too. I'll be back!
GET THE WHOLE FISH YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!!The Jicama Tacos were OH MY GOSH DELICIOUS!!!Incredibly delicious food; long wait though but well worth it! I'm still dreaming about the whole fish. My boyfriend and I fought fork and fork over every last bite. Do not share! Get one of your own!Relaxing atmosphere; chic decor - a great place with great food. 6 Stars!!!!
Delicious, cute-Kitch. Great for a first date (or 1,000th). Brussels sprouts are amazing.
Take a break from ghetto tacos down the street and bring your gal out to this place.  Bring your own bottle of wine and get 3 orders of the tacos tropical. 3 for you and 3 for her, but usually ends up being 4 for you.....Short and simple. get the tacos tropical. the "tortilla" is made of Jicama. hollllllller!
amazing, amazing! so good, we tried ordering the whole menu, but the server voted against that. i think due to the size of our group of 7, it would be very difficult to share...so i'm going to attempt this again with a group of 4. fyi...if you choose to do this, the total before tax and drinks is $217, which is pretty reasonable, i think.so, we chose specific dishes:*fried brussel sprouts - the zinfandel vinaigrette and hazelnuts made this dish unexpectedly amazing*mexiterranean cheese fondue - i usually love fondue, but this wasn't doing it for me*guacamole - again, nothing amazing...pretty standard*crab tostadas - wow! serious yumminess. the amount of crab piled on is unreal*shrimp ceviche - this was pretty good, not the best i've had, but delicious*oxtail empanadas - again, another amazing dish! the tenderness of the oxtail combined with the crispiness of the empanada was to die for!*pistachio encrusted salmon - this was nicely seared and the pistachios were complementary*lamb sliders - i love lamb and this was one of my favorites of the night!
I went here for a birthday dinner with friends. It was astoundingly good! We were fighting to decide which dish we liked the most, each one that came out was great. Really loved the taco served on a jicama shell - unusual and so refreshing I wanted to go back the next day and eat it again! I'll be back for sure.
There is a difference between "cozy" or "intimate" and "so freakishly small that I'm hitting everyone around me with my bag and coat." Lolo clearly falls into the latter category. Within the first 20 seconds of walking in I had already already apologized 4 times for smacking someone in the face. That said, its miniature size has a certain charm, like I was walking into a friend's dinner party - it felt like you could say hello to everyone in the room and be welcomed. Groups of friends were gathered for small birthday celebrations, everyone clearly having great time, and the decor is made from spoons, or rice bags, or other household riffraff. They certainly know how to recycle.Most of the tables were only for groups of 3-4 people (very little seating for groups of 2...very little seating in general), so we had to sit at the bar. Luckily we were here on a Tuesday night around 8, so it wasn't too crazy. I'd imagine the wait would be impossibly long on a busier night in the mission.In terms of the service, it was...meh. It wasn't too slow, or rude, or anything in particular that would make me look down on it, but it wasn't exceptionally friendly. They didn't go out of their way to make our experience any better.And, although I can see the appeal in coming here with a close group of friends, the food is very hit and miss. While the octopus and zucchini cakes made my taste buds smile, the ceviche and wasabi crusted salmon left much to be desired - such as seasoning. Unfortunately, in terms of food, lolo falls into the typical pitfall of many a tapas restaurant - because there is so much variety, there is also a lot of inconsistency - some plates are clearly done better than others. That said, if you order the right things, come here with a group of close friends, are comfortable knowing that all of your wildly inappropriate conversations are sure to hit the listening ear of your neighbor, and are down with bumping into the people around you, I'm sure you can have an amazing meal.
I take all of my international guests to Lolo and it never fails to impress. The flavors of the innovative Mexican-Turkish fusion menu are like nothing else I'd tried before moving to SF from Australia. It's also a feast for your eyes, immersed in a vibrant collage of recycled packaging from those two countries.And did I mention the price? It is CHEAP!Must eats:Taco TropicalOctopus TiraditoPistachio Encrusted SalmonI know this is a big call but Lolo is my favourite restaurant in San Francisco!
Deserving of an upgrade - After posting this review, the management team contacted me to apologize for the service and to let me know they'd be giving attention to the matter. That's killer if you ask me, and worth an upgrade to Five Stars!
Very fun place to go for inspired seafood small plates. Highly recommend the mahi-mahi tostadas and shrimp tacos. Quick service and very cozy, quirky interior make Lol a great date spot. For desert, we loved the "Perfectly Balanced Cheesecake" with a side of espresso. Can't wait for our next visit!
Loved the decor! The carnitas were amazing, as was the taco tropical. The fried brussel sprouts had too much balsamic vinegar, but I still ate plenty of them!What I loved most about this restaurant was the welcoming feel and ambiance. The food was delicious, but the experience on the whole was the most impressive aspect. P.S. Also recommend the sparkling sangria.
This is going to be a tough one. I loved the food but i did unfortunately see a big roach! This does dampen things a bit because its a great environment and amazing food. Will I go there again? Possibly, I know the location has a lot to do with it. Will I keep an eye out for creeepy crawlies? Most definitely. I really hope they make strides in the food safety dept here, it'd be a shame otherwise!
Cute and small (kind of awkward setup, a room when you walk in then a room and bar on the other side of a wall). The sangria was good, but not great (It was made with prosecco and red wine), the ceviche was delicious and the tuna tacos were also very good. Next time I will have to try more, and maybe skip the sangria and try something else.
delicious from beginning to end... tuna tacos, steak sandwich, quesadillas, brussel sprouts were sooo good, highly recommend.
Lolo is cute and crowded in a dense part of the Mission. We had a group of five at about 9:30 pm. Waited about 45 mins at Latin American Club and got a little drunk. The wait was worth it. Oh man, the tuna tacos and huitlacoche ravioli were extraordinary! Just amazingly good. The other dishes were tummy, too, but these items blew us away.Another reminder that SF is the standard for food in the USA.
One word: superfreakinfabulousodeliciousness!I went there on a date, after the original spot was closed. The fates had decided and we were bound for tapa's. From the moment we walked in, the service was better than most fine dining. The staff were gracious and very accommodating. We got wine and tapa's to share. The shrimp taco's tasted so good, I could have just had those alone. The sauce for dipping the bread was something I could have died for. Well maybe just maimed and not died but you're picking up what I'm dropping, right? Go, go, go (just not on the nights I do, so I can get a table).
Lolo is a cute and lively spot in the mission to meet up for tapas and wine.It was easy to get a reservation and we were seated promptly upon our arrival. Our waiter was helpful in explaining all the items on the menu. The same goes for the wine list. He let us sample a few whites before ordering a bottle. For food, we ordered the tuna tacon (seared tuna), taco tropical (shrimp), charcoal-grilled flank steak, and crab tacos.Everything was excellent minus the tuna tacon. I think the flavor would have been better if it were left raw instead of seared. The crab tacos were sublime served with a spicy aioli and mini soft tortillas. I heard oohs and ahhs in regard to the flank steak. My husband wasn't fond of the flank steak but his taste buds, not the kitchen, are to blame since it came with a bleu cheese sauce and he is not a bleu cheese fan.We didn't sample any of the desserts but left the restaurant content. We will definitely come back for the great food and service!
I was really disappointed with the food here. I took family here from out of town, and it was such a shame b/c there are so many great places in SF.The inside is really cute, and the service was fine, but the food just really fell flat for all of us. We ordered the following:- guacamole- we asked for it to be spicier thinking they'd put more diced jalepeno in it- instead they squirted hot sauce all over it?!? We had to move it all to the side so that it was edible.- tuna taco- just ok- shrimp taco- best thing of the night- Crab tostada- crab was stringy and not fresh tasting at all- we didn't finish this- Brussels sprouts- these were very good- mushroom quesadilla- no flavorAtmosphere is great- maybe it's better to just come for drinks?
Halibut Tacos with the peanut sauce were flame. The heirloom tomato salad was just heirloom tomatoes cut up with an olive oil dressing, but still amazing... it was $8 but still worth it. Everything on the menu is solid. If you are on a date with another person, 3-4 plates should suffice... unless the other person is used to saying "super size it" when you go out to eat. If your on a first date, or any date for that matter, stay away from the Cheese Fondue. Its not easy to eat and really not that tasty either.
Amazing food and service!!
I came here with a bunch of co-workers for an after-work dinner. Unfortunately, I was in the midst of a bangin' migraine, so I didn't get to try all the food. What I did try was very, very good though. We had a large group and were crammed around the table, but we made it work.I'd love to return on a night when we have a smaller group and I am not feeling like I'm going to be seeing my food again really soon.
Went to lolo's last night with the battledish.com team for a SF dishcrawl. Lolo's was the first stop. First off, the decour is amazing. Your eye goes everywhere and noticing each detail feels like finding an easter egg. They have cowboy boots full of hot pink feather dusters that resemble flowers, shoe soles for borders, and (spanish) newspaper covered walls (and bar area) that are flanked with deep aqua framed mirrors. It is quite a site. Thoroughly modern and new.We tried a tropical taco that had a hicama shell and perfectly cooked breaded shrimp with a sweet tropical relish. Out of the 4 restaurants we went to, we agreed that that dish was the best that we'd had. We also had thinly sliced octopus carpaccio that was also very tasty. To drink we had a sparkling sangria. Half our table didnt like it, but I thought it wasn't bad. All and all we had a great time there. Good service, and despite the sangria we loved the food.
My first visit to Lolo was lovely. The food was amazing, the descriptions on the menu made me wonder what I would actually be eating... but I was very excited each time a dish arrived.Plate presentation was beautiful and the food was perfect. Try the Octopus Tiradito! Delish!Service was exceptional. Such a great find right in my neighborhood! I can't wait to go back.
This place is amazing! The food is totally inventive and every bite delicious. We came here for my birthday on Saturday this past weekend and it blew all of us away. We shared everything and tried about 85% of the menu. Both taco varieties are fantastic and were probably my favorite items. The ice cream sandwiches were delicious and a great bday dessert (thanks for the candles, Lolo!). The drinks we great as well (equally important in my book), and the whole environment here is fun and eclectic. Great for a party like ours and would say up to 6 or 8 people if you can get a res for a group that size (there was one other bday party about that size celebrating on the same night). Everyone who worked here was great too - friendly and helpful with suggestions. I'll be back!!
Lolo is an adorable date spot (still waiting for that one!), a place to meet up for delicious small plates to share with friends, and one of the my favorite Mission restaurants to show-off to out-of-towners. I've never had a dish there that I didn't love and want more of! Make reservations!
First discovered this place when my roommate took me, and I've been here plenty times since! Its pretty nondescript and can easily get lost among the other dozen tapas places within a 5 block radius (especially Andalu, nommers!). What makes this joint standout is its unique fusion of Mediterranean and South American flavors. They also have a eclectic wine selection from places I've never heard of...or maybe I just need to get out more!I've noticed about 80% of the menu is on a rotation, but perhaps that's based on seasonal ingredients.If they're available on the menu, my favorite is the stuffed bell peppers.
Came here with an old friend one night. She said she likes to take her girl friends here because of the cute decor, the cute staff and the delicious food. She was right! Totally pleasantly surprised to find this gem in the heart of the mission. Reasonably priced, service was ok, food was delish. Mmmm to the agave wine margaritas too!
I was taken here on a date and was SO pleasantly surprised.Apparently there's a wait, but we had a reservation. (He planned ahead, brownie points!) The atmosphere is kitschy and adorable--the bathroom has a soundtrack of crashing waves! The Malbec wine we ordered was fantastic, although I am partial to Malbecs to begin with. As far as the food goes, the salad we had was okay (nothing to write home about). The grilled fish was delicious, with a light smoky flavor and a great sauce. But the real story here is the Taco Tropical. A girl next to us ordered 6 of them for herself, and after tasting them, I understand why. They are tangy and savory and I would go back here just for them.All in all, a really cute restaurant with great service, a fun atmosphere and some delicious tacos that will seriously impress your date (or whoever else you bring here).
I also went to this place on a date. It was not planned but my date had been there before and said it was good. It was so ridiculously good I will never ever forget it. Turkish Mediterranean meets Spanish fusion tapas!!! A mix made in heaven!Everything including the wine was so delicious! Ceviche, shrimp tacos, tomato salad, and the mahi mahi!!! Bellissimo! The staff was attentive, friendly and the wait was not long despite what it looks like in front of the place outside. Totally give it a try, you won't be disappointed!
This unassuming corner of an unassuming block of the Mission houses one of the most imaginative and fun eateries in town. Lol occupies a small, cosy space, adorned with home-made art and knick-knacks that make for a colorful, tongue-in-cheek atmosphere. I understand the art changes regularly, but the night that we visited one room was adorned with hundreds of childish origami boats. In the other room one wall was covered with Mexican labels from cans of refried beans. My favorite touch of all, though, was the toilet - decorated all around with blue sky, sandy beach and a small portable stereo playing the sound of gently lapping waves on the seashore. Excellent!The food - conforming to the Mexican tapas style - is similarly informal but not at all frivolous. The "tacos tropical" combined panko-dusted shrimp, chipotle aoli and a tropical fruit relish and were served not in tortillas, but in thin slices of jcama - a refreshing twist! We dined with two other couples (six people in total) and were thankfully able to eat at least one serving of most things on the menu. Everything was great, but the stand-out dish was probably the pistachio-encrusted salmon with the wasabi cream sauce.Lol is a great spot - a fun place to be - and the vibrant atmosphere of the place fits the imagination of the food and surrounds.
LOVED it!Such a different menu of Mexican/Turkish foods that somehow seemed to work. We were able to get 8:30 reservations on a Fri night and got seated at the bar in the back... which was a great spot because service was fast and we got drink refills (beer/wine/sangria only) the second we looked up. I'm not crazy about the front area of the restaurant, it was smokey/hazy but everyone else seemed happy enough, I just don't like that smoke smell in my hair.The menu has a lot of options, it was overwhelming when we first saw it but decided to follow the lead of our server and were def not disappointed.Too bad they don't serve cocktails, but oh well... there are plenty of watering holes just a few steps away.
A quiet joint for that first date where you actually want to converse. it's not cheap but hey... you're trying to impress right? I enjoyed the sparking sangria and taco tropical.if you come hungry i suggest going elsewhere unless you plan on ordering a ton :)
What a surprise! The wait-staff were friendly, the place looks small but it has two rooms and is surprisingly bigI loved the distinct combination of Mexican Turkish, what a cool combo.The taco tropical was savory as the shell was something brand new to me. Definitely a must have hereThe tuna tacon, the balsamic vinegar just made it so interestingThe pistachio salmon, was drenched with a sweet sauce with a combination of balsamic vinegarThe mahi tostada was pretty good! The other three were better :-)
Eating here I feel like I'm at the set of an Almodovar film. The decor is cozy and colorful. The tapas are delicious, fresh, and served fast. Sitting in the back room or at the bar is somehow more fun than the front. Notable items are the taco tacon (refreshing fruit and fish explosion in your mouth) and the pistachio-encrusted salmon with wasabi sauce (so good we usually order two).  I've had the steak with mole sauce which I remember really enjoying but I only vaguely remember the duck. one last thing: the chocolate fondue! Im struck by the cuteness of the little cubes of banana bread thingies you dip into the chocolate. it's like participating in a delicate ritual.
Lolo has a fun and quirky vibe with a bit of retro mixed in - large metal spoons covering one wall, seagulls and motorcycle mirrors on another. And one thing you should definitely do is visit the bathroom (never thought I would say that). I was expecting a small, dark bathroom given the size of the front room. Let's just say it's not...The food is also much more unique and has a broader range of flavors than traditional tapas restaurants. The flavors were bold and bright. I would describe the cuisine as New Latin American with an Asian and Mediterranean influence. The vibrant array of colors in the dishes also made the food as appealing to the eye as it was for the taste buds.We ordered 9 different dishes, and my favorites were the Tacos Tropical and the Seafood Sope. They were INCREDIBLE!Tacos Tropical - Damn good shrimp tacos! The crispy panko crust of the shrimp, the zest of the tropical relish, and the creaminess of the chipotle aioli...together created a wonderful explosion of flavors and textures in my mouth.Seafood Sopes - The star of this dish was the rich seafood sauce of the shrimps, scallops, and green peppers. It captured the sweet essence of the sea, and was balanced by the pepper aioli. The red cabbage slaw was also a great complementSeared Scallops - The citrus fennel sauce looks like it's going to be heavy, but it was light and refreshing. The slices of cucumber under the scallops also accentuated the coolness of the dish.Duck Confit Tacos - A twist on Peking duck. I liked how thin the corn tortillas were and how they came out fresh and hot. The shredded duck was really oily, but it had good flavor.Octopus Carpaccio - I can't help but laugh when I think about this dish. The octopus is sliced so thin that it's virtually invisible (especially under the dim lighting of the front room). So when this dish came out, we thought it was just a sauce and sat waiting for the rest of the dish to come out. The person who brought our food didn't speak English, so he just shrugged when we asked what it was. Finally, our waiter told us it was the octopus carpaccio and the octopus was already on the plate. So funny! The pepper flakes overpowered the octopus, so I couldn't taste much beyond pepper and smoke.Pistachio Encrusted Salmon - The wasabi cream and unagi sauce gave this dish an interesting Asian flair. The flavors worked well, and it came out at the perfect temperature -- hot and crispy on the outside while nicely rare on the inside.We also had the baked brie, the heirloom tomato salad with feta mousse, and the chocolate fondue for dessert. They were good, but not particularly memorable. I also want to mention their reasonably priced wine list. The average price per bottle was about $40. We enjoyed a bottle of the Chateau de Tours, Cote du Rhone.
"Lol"? Eh? Why would you name..? What?...Wait a sec, ohhhh..."Lolo!" That's the first thing that caught my eye about this place, but there's a few more things to write home about than text-worthy names!On a Wednesday night just before 9pm, my date and I were greeted and seated immediately at the fairly spacious bar. The place looks really cool: supposedly it's supposed to elicit a dog-racing theme...? But looks like a circus to me! (Stripes here, mirrors there, random peacock images everywhere...). I don't get it, but it's definitely eye-catching in a special way.As for the food:Complimentary: Warm, toasted baguette with a fun, interesting dipping sauce (looks like thousand island...tastes like salsa + yogurt)1) Pistachio Encrusted Salmon with Wasabi Cream, $12ish- The salmon was definitely seared really well, but the pistachios just did NOT make sense on the plate! We both agreed that it was as if they were kinda just thrown there to up the price. I also wasn't a fan of the sauce: there wasn't a great emphasis on the wasabi in the cream, and the other tangy sauce was too much on the soy sauce side imo.2) Hultiacoche (mushroom) + Ricotta Stuffed Dumplings, $8ish- Yum!!! You get 5 pieces and we really enjoyed this dish! Kinda indian influenced I think: imagine if saag paneer were encompassed by a crispy tortilla with a tika masala dipping sauce -- that's what this taste like! All my favorite indian dishes combined into one! (except...it's turkish-mexican). 3) Stuffed Bell Pepper, $6- Flavors were comforting and the rice was nice and creamy, but the bell pepper itself was a little too mushy for my liking. The presentation, regardless, was beautiful.4) Bison served over a blue-chip tortialla stuffed with black beans with a side of root vegetables, $15ish- The winner of the night. My date really enjoyed the bison, while I really enjoyed the blue-chip tortilla! Such an intriguing plate boosting lots of flavor!5) Sangria- Lacked fruit and flavor! Tasted watered down =(. So yes, as you can see, all the plates are quite creative (as fusion restaurants tend to be), but is a hit or miss pending on what you order. Regardless, another unique and cool place to hit up in the awesomeness of which I call the Mission.
It didn't work for me so much. Everything sounded interesting on the menu. We had venison carpaccio, flank steak and strawberry/peach mole, duck confit tacos, ancho-dusted calimari, and shrimp tacos. One or two dishes aside, the flavor punch wasn't really there and the food was heavy on the oil. Something just wasn't quite right. I'd say the calamari was the biggest loser, though the shrimp tacos were clear favorites at our table. The duck confit was simply forgettable...Saving grace: the dessert was amazing... (some sort of three-layer tiramisu/espresso bean/something else yummy served in a small coffee cup that we comfortably shared three ways).Decor is very "mission" (or low-budget, if you prefer). That seemed to ultimately translate into a pretty good value on the food, so no complaints there...
Hmmm Yummy! Yummy!This restaurant is located in Mission neighborhood, and I love this area because you can find great restaurants.The restaurant was hard to find at first, because of no sign? or I might missed it but it was not visible. Then I was confused where to get in, but luckily there was a sign telling me where was the entrance.The food that we ordered were really good, "ceviche mirasol", "taco tropical", "seafood corn sope of bay scallops". Everybody liked the dishes.Interesting decoration and when I was going to the bathroom, my friend said "don't get lost in the beach".. LOL!! You have to check yourself. Service was good. Overall, we had a great experienceNota para el restaurante: "Gracias por abrir los lunes"
This is probably one of the best taps places i've been to! They food portions were really good for a tapas place. I was stuffed at the end! I shared 3 tapas with a friend. Brussel sprouts, shrimp tacos, and lamb sliders. The brussel sprouts were so delicious. I used to hate brussel sprouts but I'm loving them more and more. Discovered I liked them when they were roasted at Social Kitchen and Brewery and now I love them even more fried!! The shrimp tacos were interesting...they weren't really placed on the normal taco bread you'd find elsewhere..it tasted like they were placed on a thin sheet of turnip...(i may be wrong) but it was semi soft and semi crispy. The shrimps and the entire thing just tasted great! Lamb sliders were also good. Lamb was excellent, not too strong. There were thin fries that came with it that were delicious! Definitely a great find!
What a cute little place. Very kitschy but the decor works. We just parked, started walking, and decided to head in on a whim. Party of five seated immediately without reservation. There is another seating area in the other room next to the bar. One bathroom only which sucked when some guy decided he was going to do a number 2...Apparently it's Spanish/Turkish. Whatever. Solid food and with us ordering so many plates it eventually really filled us up. They forgot out guacamole but that's OK because there was avocado in the ceviche and guacamole with the carnitas. Each plate is presented beautifully and elaborately so it was kind of a chore to drizzle your own sauce and make your own carnitas etc. Complimentary goat cheese roasted pepper dip with bread. I can't pick my favorite dish. None of they exactly wowed me, but I wasn't disappointed either. Nice place to go with friends and open a bottle. Dessert didn't look too appealing. Oh and yes, the bill comes in a hardcover book about a dog breed. We got Australian Shepherd which is awesome because my dog is an Australian Cattle Dog.
Great small plates, good drinks. Best to go with friends and split one of everything ;)
Fabulous. Was here at lunch. Great flavors. Chicken torta was so good. Carnitas served beautifully. Would recommend. Sat outside inside looked cozy but small. Fancier food than some...very casual atmosphere.
Lol is one of my favorite restaurants in the city....the food is amazing, a very creative Menu. The decor is beautiful, and the service is great, the nicest staff
I love their food. Small plates are amazingly fresh and flavorful. The ceviche is so fresh and tasty. And dont forget to try the octopus.
So. Good.Excellent date spot - you can get several small plates to share, and they'll bring them out a couple at a time so that the table doesn't get overcrowded and you don't feel rushed.All of the fish/seafood dishes we had were amazing - perfectly cooked and completely delicious with lots of interesting options and different flavors. I was less impressed with the carne, which was underwhelming after how amazing the fish tacos were. We also had the dark chocolate fondue for dessert - my only complaint there was that I wanted more thing to dip in it. I may have had to restrain myself from licking the bowl.Great spot, which I highly recommend.
4.5 stars.This place is amazing! Thanks to my cousin, a SF local, who took us here :) Since it is tapas style, it was nice that we had a group of 8 because we practically got to sample most of the menu with dessert! It's smart business though, small little dishes that forces you to order more and ring up the bill, but nonetheless it was worth it since food and presentation were all above our expectations. That's the only reason I docked 1/2 of a star off. There wasn't anything that we ordered that I didn't truly enjoy, my favorites were the Taco Tropical with its spicy aioli and the fresh Ceviche Mirasol yum yum!!! Meal goes great with a bottle of white wine. It's a fun and intimate environment and their restaurant decor is pretty creative. Gloves and spoons on one wall, mirrors and paper boats on the other, and you definitely have to go visit their bathroom with its scenic walls and listen to the ocean waves as you pee! I kid you not, it's pretty cool!
This place is adorable! Decided to have dinner here unplanned, made a call on the way up to the city to see if we could get a reservation for two and the waiter put us first on the list. The estimated wait from the time I called was 45 to an hour which wasn't a big deal since we still had to drive up. We were told that they would call us when our table was ready, how convenient! Had we been waiting at the restaurant, we would have easily been able to walk across the street to have a beer or two until we got the call.The place is uber tiny so if you're planning on having dinner here with a group of 6 or more, i'd go elsewhere. When you walk into the restaurant, there are probably 4 tables that seat mostly 2 people but they also have space next door which is their bar area. Again, uber tiny and can't accommodate a party of more than 6 unless you plan on reserving the whole restaurant! The staff is very friendly and accommodating and the place, cute. If you're hoping for good sangria, theirs is more non-traditional. The sangria here isn't sweet like most since they mix theirs with champagne so it's a little on the dry side but the food is delish! My husband and I shared quite a few things and all were great. The ceviche mirasol was filled with fresh seafood with a little spicy bite. The taco tropical isn't your typical crispy taco. It has more of a refreshing bite to it with a radish-like carpaccio "shell". This was so good I wanted another order! The octopus tiradito is an octopus carpaccio, tasty but I didn't care for it much since it was a little on the rubbery side. We also tried the pistachio encrusted salmon which was good but it was encrusted with a little too much of the nuts, the seared mahi tostada and charcoal grilled flank steak. In all, everything we tried was worth it, even though we didn't care for 1 or 2 of the items, I will definitely be back to eat here again!
I was in SF and wanted a good tapas place that was close to BART, it wasn't going to be one of those cab nights for me. Lolo had a good yelp reviews so I decided to try it. We called for reservations for that night but they were booked. We decided to just show up and try our luck, it worked out.It was a cool small venue with a central even smaller kitchen area where you could watch your food prep. The staff was friendly and attentive.We had the ceviche, lamb sliders, tuna tacon, and the seared mahi. All were tasty and filling.Even better when I bit into my tostada and had the whole guacamole filled thing fall into my lap they were very attentive bringing me 3 new napkins as replacements. I liked Lolo because it wasn't as rowdy as most tapas places which are usually excuses for groups of people to drink way too much sangria. Not that there is anything wrong with that, I enjoy such nights myself but sometimes I want to enjoy my tapas in peace.Note: I ate at around 9:30 pm which may be relevant for some folks : )
My friend treated me out to this place to celebrate acceptances to grad schools. When I walked through the door, it was though I had stepped through a portal and was immediately transported to a foreign land. I felt like I was on vacation at a beachy island. This review comes a few months late, so I can't remember what everything we ordered. The zuchicini cakes really stood out and so did the tropical tacos. I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here because it did something for me that restaurants can only aspire to do: to make a patron feel like they took a trip to the place where the food was born. PS. This place a bit tiny so either make reservations for large groups or just bring a couple of friends (2-4).
Walking around the Mish in hot weather meant that people were not inside. Which really meant that we were able to stroll right into Lolo, sit down, and dine. This place is kinda small so I can imagine a line on cooler, intimate, normal San Francisco nights. This place is friggin good! We had the Cerviche Mirasol, Carnitas, and a whole tasty fish aka Grilled Bronzini. Having the whole fish on the table was unexpected. It was dark and we didn't read the menu thoroughly. But damn was it good. The Cerviche was good too. The tanginess wasn't overbearing. The carnitas was okay. The only thing about this place is that it's a tapa's joint, a nice one at that, but if you're hungry, order for one more person.
I was excited to try Lolo, but I thought it was going to be another wine & tapas bar with above-average-but-not-spectacular food and pretentious servers & patrons.Instead, I was happy to step inside a bright, colorful, friendly establishment with fun art, down-to-earth servers, and a menu that had us flipping coins to make decisions since everything looked so damn good! The meal was perfect from the warm fresh bread to the amazing cheesecake. Some highlights include the huitlacoche (corn smut and ricotta dumplings), the zucchini cakes, and the octopus.
Geat food, everything cooked perfectly. Perfect Mission date spot
I have now lived in SF for one year and three months. From day one, I've had friends, co-workers, and strangers passing by suggesting restaurants for me...esclaiming about a culinary favorite that I 'have to try!' Recently, I found myself being the hostess and tour guide when my best friend of 23 years came to visit. Our last night together, I suggested we dine at Lolo. Coincidentaly, my boyfriend was joining us. This man has been my foodie guide in the city and has introduced me to a number of locations I should be keeping track of. But this night, I was the one making the reservation and introducing my peeps to one of my favorites.Lolo was busy, as expected, on a Wednesday evening. It was chilly, as is expected in August here. We were quickly greeted by the owner, who I had unknowingly made our reservations with and offered beverages while we waited to be seated. So far, so good.There were five in our party, my three friends who have a more 'selective' palette than my boyfriend and I. We started to order dish after dish, and each bite was a surprise, a delight and built the excitement for whatever was to follow. In addition to an amazing performance for the varying group of tastebuds, our service was also impeccable. The busboy was always smiling and ready to help us. Our waiter was prompt and knowledgable (he even let us order after the kitchen closed....shhhhh).In all seriousness, this is a tapas restaurant that you want to wait in line for. All the dishes are rich and stimulating with flavor and color. The atmosphere is eclectic and interesting. And more than anything, if you are in the mood for something fun and just damn good....but not fussy, Lolo will be one of the first picks to pop up as an option. Enjoy!
didn't have reservations but was quickly seated by the bar. tapas were generous and the wine was sublime. we had frissee salad, Kobe tacos, and chorizo tostadas -- superb. We finished off with profiteroles and a dessert wineextra points for excellent service.
(Dinner - Sat., July 17,2009)It's been a while since I've been "home" to SF, so a few friends and I took an express weekend trip from SoCal. Since I've been out of the SF culinary scene for quite some time, one of my travelmate's sister recommended this place.Ambiance: It's a cute little restaurant with a main dining room and and adjoining bar/dining room next door. The bright, near-psychedelic patio benches adorning the dining room adds a lot of interest to your dining experience. The service was quite warm and attentive.Food: It's a tapas restaurant with a selection of "larger" sized plates. Taco Tropical - probably the best dish of the night. All the fresh savory flavors blended well. The fresh jicama "wrap" was a very nice touch.Octopus Tiradito - interesting texture as the octopus appeared to have been pounded flat...so flat that we couldn't tell if there was anything on the plate aside from the seasoning/dressing.Huitlacoche and Ricotta Dumplings - nothing overly special about these...tasty, but not worth the priceFlank Steak - the mole sauce was very tasty, but the beef was bland and chewy (which could have been easily remedied if they cut against the grain).Seafood Sope - the seafood served on top of the sope was pretty tasty, akin to the taco tropical. The red cabbage slaw/salad was quite refreshing, but the sope didn't fair well in this dish.Final Thoughts: I love tapas, and had my fair share over the years. Although I respect and admire Lolo's effort and creativity, the end result doesn't quite justify the prices per dish especially when you get get better for the same price or cheaper for the same quality elsewhere. Good to try once, but most likely won't come back.
LOVE this place! From the funky decor to the eclectic menu, I have only been twice but had a great experience both times. The dungeness crab and chorizo tacos are INSANE! Also a huge fan of the carnitas as well as the taco's tropical! Amazing flavors that you will not find anywhere else.Will say we tried the tlacoyos, which was OK...but I would describe the flavor as a little hamburger helpish and was our least favorite dish....definitely not worth the $15 as one of the higher priced items on the menu.Also HIGHLY recommend their sangria! They add sparkling wine...DELICIOUS!
This is a charming little place with good quality tapas and cocktails. No need to worry about it being yet another disappointment riding the tapas bar fadwave. This place feels fresh somehow.
My friend and I wandered into this cute and cozy restaurant. We put our names on the list, and were promptly called in, to sit at the bar. The waiter at the bar was very friendly, and welcomed us - serving us up some water, and answering any questions we had. We ordered a ton of tapas plates - and the best part of our experience was our surprise at how reasonable our check came out to be! THis is my new favorite tapas place in the city... And the bathrooms are so clean! :)
Interesting little spot in the Mission and interesting take on tapa and mexican classics. We went with the Yelp-recommended stuff, the highlights of which were the lamb sliders (very tasty, not too strong) and the tuna tacos (lime-y, very flavorful)...the kicker is the decor which is very colorful and give customers the feel of being in one of those crazy L.A. bars with random kitschy decoration from Mexico.Bottomline: it makes for a fun/funny date place, you can spend a fairly good amount of time doing small talk with your hot date about the decor, but for the price it's definitely not worth it - don't get me wrong, the food was good but not awesome based on the very San Francisco prices and plated quantity.
Love Love Love the vibe in here! It makes me want to go home and decorate my whole apartment. Bright, colorful and fresh, so reflective of the food!I drool when i think about the Tuna Tacon. Order two! This was by far the best, followed by the asparagus (perfectly cooked), and taco tropical, which was the most lack luster thing eaten all night. Everything came in twos, so order up if there is more then 2 in your party. Put this place on your list fo' sho'!
Wow, Lol has a lot going on! Starting with the quirky, yet charming decor, (who doesn't like the sound of waves lapping and seagulls cawing while using the restroom?) to the excellent service provided by their knowledgeable staff, and the outstanding variety of small plates available.  Everything on the menu was unique and offered seafood to meat dishes, done mexican style while brilliantly fused with Turkish flavor. Who would've thunk to mix the two?!Some of my favorites on the menu were the Seared Mahi Tostadas, Cerviche Mirasol, Tacos Tropical, and the Beef Short Rib Azteca Tortilla pie.  I regretted not saving enough room in my stomach to try more, but that just means there will be a second visit to look forward to.Places like Lol are the exact reason I love dining in the Mission-
Moth larvae... I did not have the guts to try this out. Someone try it out and report in. Anyway we had the pistachio encrusted salmon, mushroom flautas and lamb sliders. Salmon was nice and crispy but lacked in flavor it seemed. Same with Mushroom flautas; there were sauces to go with it but they seemed a bit bland. The lamb sliders were juicy and flavorful.Decor was unique and interesting. Bright, eclectic but not random; it all seemed to fit a theme. Maybe travel/vacation? Small shoes for check holders, paper boats line the wall and colorful seating.There were other items on the menu that looked tasty and interesting that I would definitely want to go back and try. I'll still probably be too chicken to try the moth larvae though.
This is a GREAT PLACE!!!! I found it doing a search for tapas restaurant and what luck!!. Everything we had was scrummy-yummy-delish! The fondue was wonderful, the tuna taco marvelous and the octopus absolutely heaven in the mouth. Going again soon and often.....however, reservations are a must have as it is small and popular (well deservedly!).
Everything was delicious, not to mention super cute and eclectic decor.small plates:ceviche - definitely our fav.!pistachio encrusted salmon with wasabi cream sauce - cooked perfectly, delicious crustricotta stuffed dumplings - pretty good, but not crave-worthy. I hardly remember what they tasted like now.large plate:dungeness crab and chorizo tacos - delicious, but by this plate, we were overly stuffed from the three small plates.I'd say three small plates or two small and one large are more than enough for two people to share. I also had a glass of sparkling sangria. Delicious and you drink it from a straw!I'm excited to try all of the other items on the menu! The ceviche is repeat worthy and so is the salmon. Come a tad early if you don't have a reservation to beat the dinner rush or make a reservation so you dont' have to wait forever and a day to get a table!
Made a reservation for 6:00pm and it was a good idea because people were waiting outside the door when we arrived. Fun decor, colorful and cheerful. Very creative and inventive menu...The hits: *Pistachio encrusted salmon with wasabi cream...fantastically yum *Taco Tropical...best shrimp taco ever *Spread for the bread.....whipped feta mixed with a puree of red bell pepper...I wanted to lick the ramekin. *Very fresh arugula and radicchio salad with dried cherries, goat and sheep feta,pinenuts..yum. *Mahi was the fish of the evening surrounded by perfect vegetables and sauce. The misses: *Charcoal grilled flank steak with fruit mole. The steak was too chewy, not very flavorful and the fruit mole sauce did not compliment it...oh well. Everything else was fab. * I would have liked a bigger glass of Malbec for the price
It's been over a year since my last review. I thought I was over it. I thought I was done. But then Lolo snapped me out of apathy and laziness. Out for a stroll with my partner in crime, Brittany L., we thought we'd try Yamo. Line! Then we thought we'd wander down to Range. Fat chance! Beretta? Line! By that time we were just wandering. Hungrily. And stumbled across Lolo. A bright little jewel on what was turning out to be a very cold night. The interior was cheerful and warm, our waiter was chipper, and the sangria was served swiftly (thank goodness). Tuna Tacon? Delicious.Crab and chorizo tacos with tiny little homemade tortillas? Delicious.Carnitas with guac and blue corn tortillas? Delicious.I'll be back, Lolo.
This place has an interesting decor -- really fun and quirky. Their tapas are unique and I'd definitely come here again soon. Our favorites were the beet and feta mousse tapa and the octopus.
Taco Tropical, Taco Tropical, Taco Tropical!Sorry, I couldn't help myself from chanting. It was the first to come out and it set the bar high. The taco was extremely flavorful and the jicama wrap provided a nice crunch. In fact, it took us a good couple of minutes to figure out that the crunch was coming from the "tortilla." Thank goodness for my genius friends; I would have been probing around testing each ingredient in the salsa forever. The Octopus Tiradito was daunting at first sight. But curiosity won out and we quickly found ourselves picking up every last bite and sopping up the oily goodness with slices of bread. Next time, I'm gonna pass on the Pistachio Encrusted Salmon. It was good, but tasted more like it belonged in a Japanese restaurant. We finished off our meal with the fondue. By this time, I think we were too full to fully enjoy the decadent chocolate. I absolutely love the quirky deco. It's funky yet it all ties in together. Enjoy the soft sounds of ocean waves while you take care of business in the bathroom. Plus, our check came in an informational book on Shetland Shepherds. Good food and good read...gotta love it.Now one last time, altogether! Taco Tropical!
This place is absolutely wonderful. We made a reservation for 10 people for a week night. They were able to seat us in our own section in the back where it was very comfortable and not crowded. The food came out quickly (even too quickly!) and hot. The food was absolutely delicious, the drinks were really nice and well-made. We ordered lots of food and plenty of alcohol and the total cost with tip came to about $60 per person. Not bad for a 2-3 hour evening of food and drinks. Highly recommend. Though all the food was great, I recommend the ceviche and the soft-shelled crab tacos. The octopus though was the most interesting and best item we had -- I've never had it sliced thinly and the sauce was delicious.
Oh, Lolo. You made me happy tonight.The ceviche is by far the best I've had up to date. The octopus toradito was a bit of a surprise to the palette, and it was visually gorgeous.The dungeness crab/chorizo tacos were just as good as you'd imagine crab and chorizo combined to be. Oh. My. God.Cute decor, good and relatively quick service. It would have gotten a 4.5 neighboring on a 5-star review, but the seared ahi special was pretty disappointing in comparison to how high of a bar the previous dishes had set. It was seared too much and the beet salad unimpressive (but again, visually stunning).I would definitely come back to try out the smaller shared plates, and definitely bring someone looking to try something in the Mission.
I love Lolo. Incredible unique menu and a great space. The customer service there is wonderful. We went there on my birthday since this is my favorite and they remembered that my husband mentioned it was my birthday. They gave us a spot by the window and instantly said happy birthday. They also brought a complimentary dish and dessert. They made my birthday feel even more special :) I love you Lolo!
I will be coming back here often. It is a great twist on regional traditional mexican (Guadalajara I think) by combing Turkish influences. I have never seen a menu quite like this, and it is delicous.Two tips: (1) Make sure you call ahead for a reservation or it's going to be tough, and (2) they use sparking wine for the sangria which is awesome.The only reason it doesn't have five stars, is that I never give 5 stars to a place I have only been once. I can't wait to go back to see if this place can get numero cinco!
Angry! #lolo's just told us 30 min wait when we checked in, 45 mins later they said another hour, and sat others that had no reservation! They thought my parents and I weren't cool enough to seat us! Completely horrible service! Zero stars!
YUM. This place is super cute. Even though it's tucked into hipster-central, you'll find the clientele and the owners and servers to be just right. The food is fresh, innovative and there is a lovely, lovely drinks menu. Good white wines - something that I wouldn't have expected.
4 stars for the tamarind margarita alone!! So delicious!! The food was also very good, but it would be nice if they offered a little bit more of a vegetarian selection. Fantastic guacamole!
Inventive and unique - this place is totally underrated relative to its Mission restaurant neighbors. And I kind of like it that way. The service was excellent - the waiter was careful not to be too intrusive and thoughtful enough to make sure our experience was a good one. That says a lot considering that by the time we left the restaurant - there was actually a line - an extensive one at that. (Luckily we had walked in at the right time, we got there at 8 on a Friday night and were seated immediately.)We started with a tasty bottle of red wine with one of the best labels I've seen on a wine bottle (it's a comic strip). I think it definitely matched well with the kitschy decor. We then ordered the deep fried seared salmon. It was cooked to perfection - the inside was melty and the outside was crispy but not greasy. The wasabi soy sauce dip complimented it well. I had the mahi mahi dish and my date had the lamb burger. We both agreed that while my mahi mahi dish was a sure winner, his lamb burger was out of this world. I probably could have eaten just the burger alone without any condiments or buns - it was so melt in your mouth delicious. Definitely a well-earned 5 stars.
it was hard for me to give this place three stars because i loved the colors and the decor of this place so much, but i usually base my reviews on the food, which is why i only gave it three stars. don't get me wrong...the food wasn't bad, but of the five things we ordered, i only really liked three. i'd have to admit that i thought the tacos were pretty yummy, as well as the octopus, but the steak and the sopes were just ok. and the portions are small - i know it's tapas, but still...i like to feel like i'm getting my money's worth at places, and i honestly didn't feel that way here. some of us left the place still hungry, and that's never a good thing. i absolutely loved the quirkiness and colorfulness of the place though, and if i were to rate it solely on that, i'd probably give it a five, especially for the bathroom that plays ocean waves with a beach in the background, haha.
Lolo is a quaint uniquely delicious treat off Mission. Best for a girls night out, small mixed group, or playful date. The intimate setting is colorfully modern and creative.The Brussels sprouts with savory bacon are slightly crispy but not overdone and a perfect way to start the meal. The pistachio encrusted salmon was lightly fried and the wasabi cream sauce offered a subtle heat. Out of everything we enjoyed that night, the best of the best was the octopus, served carpaccio style that was peppered and spicy with a flavorful aioli sauce...definitely the most memorable dish!At the end of our meal, dessert was a must to be shared, but the menu didn't have a gluten free option.  As we were about to ask for the check, the waiter brought us their chocolate fondue with an extra serving of berries for our gluten free friend and banana bread for us to share in the dipping. Let us not forget the most important of all, their selection of worldly wines complemented the creative menu to the tee. The only problem was how quickly it was gone.The staff was sweet, attentive, and offered detailed selections.
Absolutely fantastic. Some of the best most inventive tapas I've had. Great service too!
Quirky and totally awesome, Lolo is my new FAV neighborhood eatery. I loved this place. The decor is really funky, which is what made me finally stop to look at the menu after months of walking by. I recommend sitting at the bar if there are just two people in your group. The bartender was super friendly and we were well taken care of throughout the meal.A word of caution, we ordered way too much food and wine for two people. They don't mean bite-sized small plates at all. We loved the duck and the roasted tomato salad. And the zucchini cakes were amazing. Eat here when you have some time to sit and enjoy the scenery and bring some friends so you can order all the yummy food without stuffing yourself like we did. Ooops :)I can't wait to go back.
This place is the embodiment of the Mission. Bold Mexican flavors meet hipster creative cuisine in a quirky, cozy space. I've been here twice now, and everything is excellent. Standouts include the tuna tacon, fried brussel sprouts, the squid ink and shrimp croquetas, and the best margarita I've ever had.
Solid. Solid service, solid wine, solid food. In general, the seasoning was out of balance (salt, acid, spice either non-existent or overpowering, depending on the dish). Our beef was overcooked, and our carnitas was really dry. I was here once before--a couple years ago on a freakishly hot summer night. I sat outside and have fond memories.
Long wait without reservations, but good food!
I honestly enjoyed everything that I ate and had read about on their menu online (yes, I had the whole meal planned out ahead of time--I'm a dork). Huitlacoche dumplings, tacos tropical and seafood sopes were to die for. My friends ordered the coconut shrimp (?) and a a kebab with red meat both were really overpriced and small. My two complaints are: inconsistency with portions and the terrible dessert options--fondue?!Overall dinner at Lolo was fun, although a little pricey.
This place was such a great find, I almost don't want to tell anyone so they won't get too busy:) my husband and I ended up at Lolos after Foreign Ciinema notified us that our hotel had not in fact made our dinner reservation. It was our lucky night because we had the best experience. The food is so delicious. We were beyond pleased at everything we ordered including the drinks. We ate at the bar and the bartenders were super friendly and fun. Just an all around fabulous experience!
I was completely blown away by this place. It's an unassuming gem of a restaurant that has somehow managed to stay under the radar of the die-hard sf foodie scene. Perhaps that's because they don't use everything organic and local, but these folks do know how to make seriously tasty food.The flavors were unique and refreshed my palate. It was a welcome change from the usual californian fare, wood fired pizza, fried chickpea-something with chicken liver something routine. What I loved: reasonable prices (dinner for two was about $70, with drinks for both of us, a salad, 4 plates, and dessert); no wait! (sometimes you just want to eat right away), DELICIOUS food.highly recommend: tacos tropicale, brioche + ice cream dessert. the zucchini cakes were pretty good too. avoid: the sangria. it's sparkling, has ice in it, no fruit, and isn't really that great. next time, i'll bring my own bottle of wine or pick one of theirscan't wait to go back; this place totally surprised me in an unexpected wonderful way.
Interesting and funky decor. We ordered guacamole, little gem salad, and the shrimp ceviche, they taste alright, but small. I was not exactly full afterwards. I was not impressed by the wine selection.
Really friendly staff. Great relaxing atmosphere...no matter who you are you'll feel comfortable and ready to take on the deliciousness Lolo's has to offer. Even though the owner took my reservation down and had me for the wrong night they were still very accommodating, sat us at the bar, and brought us a glass of champagne on the house. They had me at free alcohol. Anyhow....being somewhat of a foodie myself I can attest to their tantalizing and creative dishes that they bring out one by one. One that still sticks out in my mind, two weeks later, is the mahi mahi yuca-thai served with mouth watering papaya and mango. I love how they incorporate their meat dishes with fresh seasonal fruit. Their wine list isn't extensive by any means, but you know what it's just enough. Taking the bartenders suggestion we ordered a bottle of Masia D Bielsa, 2007, Garnacha (actually the cheapest bottle on the menu) and I can still taste the velvety taste in my mouth....wow!Despite living in my little Nob Hill bubble I will go out of my way to dine at LoLo's again....soon, very soon!
The service at lolo, the food and the interiors are all good. It was a good experience and my friend had all types of questions for the bartender in regards to the food and origins of specific wines that were not even on the menu, and he "educated" us. He also recommended the huitlacoche which is essentially a disease of maize caused by a pathogenic plant fungus (served as dumplings), though a bit skeptical, I will admit it was delicious. I liked lolo's and would recommend it.
A bit expensive but really really delicious.Stand out dishes:- Pistacho encrusted salmon- Tuna tacosEverything else was good too.I'd go back.
My girlfriend had her birthday here last year and I couldn't make it. So I tried it out later on my own accord.Oh my, I fell in love with this place AND broke up with my boyfriend in this place. I haven't been back since May. Trouble is, they have such an amazing selection of wine that I'll probably just end up sitting at the bar all night, while sloppily flirting with the attractive men who work at the bar.I'll be back soon..
The food was pretty good. I really enjoyed the shrimp tacos. Everything else that came out after paled in comparison, but was still good, I just really like the tacos. You only get two tacos - but they are nice, on sinkamas slices. The fondue was good. I'd come back just for the tacos. And because the check came in a book of St.Bernards and the friend I was eating with had one that once jumped on me and knocked me aganist the wall and gave me doggie kisses - before we went to the club. Good times upon good times at Lolo's.
about 15 dollars a plate, GIVE OR TAKE a few bucks. The ceviche was REALLY REALLY good. The crab chorizo tacos are also REALLY good. The octopus was fine, I wouldn't get it again but it was a fun and tasty experience. The pan seared ahi tuna special was blehhhhhexpect to pay about 40 bucks a person... though understand that it IS tapas.I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO SOMEONE LOOKING FOR A NICE MEAL (DINNER) IN THE MISSION DISTRICT.
Had a very nice time in the new addition.
My Lolo experience went off without a hitch. The reservation was spot on; as soon as we arrived at the busy restaurant, we were seated within seconds. The colorful atmosphere was funky and welcoming -- definitely a good conversation starter.  I have to admit, the menu, with it's unusual mixture of Mexican and Turkish influences, was initially a bit perplexing. However, cue the friendly, informative waitress who guided our menu selections and checked in with us throughout the meal, at seemingly perfectly choreographed moments. If your experience is like mine, this fun, quirky place is certain to leave an impression.
Absolutely everything I've had here is amazing. I think the Kobe beef tacos were my favorite... or the ceviche... or the lamb sliders... you see what I'm getting at.
Made a reservation at the bar for two at 7 p.m. on Saturday night. No problems. Great seats, great service. The decor here is wonderfully unique and funky and the vibe is hip without being pretentious. What a great place to hang out!I enjoyed the bubbly sangria. Also took fellow Yelpers' advice and ordered the shrimp tacos and the pistachio-encrusted salmon. Both were to-die-for. Really different and tasty and beautifully prepared and served. We also ordered three veggie sides - leeks, Brussels sprouts and zucchini cakes. My friend really enjoyed those dishes, but I thought they were a bit greasy and uninspired. They did not hold a candle to the seafood dishes.All in all, a great experience at a not ridiculous price. Although, I think $$$ is more accurate than $$.
Delicious food. Amazing service.
Great experience. Diverse tapas menu. Pistachio encrusted seared salmon with a wasabi cream. Spare Rib tortilla pie. Coconut Shrimp with dipping sauce (honey?). And then something something veggie dumpling that was also really good ...but unknown to me. All reasonable portions and well priced.The wine list was limited and clumsy...but perhaps there was a theme that I missed. Decor is bright, festive and inventive and requires further examination
Went here the other night with my two roommates to celebrate my new job. We are all vegetarian so ordered nearly every vegetarian dish on the menu. Everything was delicious! So many great flavors. The brussel sprouts were one of my favs, as well as the fondue, and the asparagus. The waiter was also very friendly and helpful.
Lolo was such a surprise. My husband and I went with two friends there on Friday night, and were told that they could squeeze us in for an hour between reservations. Normally, I hate that sort of pressure, but I had already had a couple cocktails and decided to give it a go.Best. Decision. Ever.We all split the following things:* Thinly sliced octopus in chili oil* Zucchini fritters* Fried brussel sprouts* Crab & chorizo tacos* Ceviche* Whole roasted fishEverything was PERFECT, but the octopus and brussels really stood out for me. The fish was excellent, if not quite as well seasoned as the rest (but I love that they left the skin, which is my favorite bit of fish).Yes, it's a tiny space, but I never felt crowded. The service was exceptional, and the order-to-table timing was so fast it was unbelievable. Even though we only had an hour, it was one of the best dining experiences I've had in quite some time.To all those whining about a meal here being unaffordable, all of that (plus bread with a delicious tapanade) and a bottle of wine brought the check to $120. That's dinner and drinks for four at $30 a head. If you need more food than that, I suggest the Chinese Food & Donut shop on 24th & Mission, where they charge you per scoop of food.I'll be back, and this time with a reservation.
Tasty tapas style food, good option for a small group. MUST TRY ITEMS: DUCK CONFIT, PISTACHIO ENCRUSTED SALMON
This place was very hard to get make a reservation for, you actually have to do it few days in advance. This may be normal for some restaurants, but with that, came some expectations that largely were not met. The food here was fairly average for a tapas place. I have had better and considerably less expensive tapas just several blocks down (16th I think). This place is fairly small, which might explain the difficulty with the reservation, but I do have to say it should be listed as $$$ not $$. All in all, the food was not bad, just not as good as I have expected after trying out several other tapas places in the city. Great service, nice atmosphere, good German beer.
Lolo's is still kick ass in my book. However, my bf took me out to dinner at the place of my choosing (thanks boo) and was not as pleased with the outcome. The food was good, but not great as in past visits. In particular, the shrimp tacos continued to be absolutely delicious...even the bf enjoyed, and he doesn't eat shrimp. However, my main dish (the fish) was too dry and inspiring. I still had a good experience at Lolo's. The wine was great, the service was awesome, and the rest of the food was good. Unfortunately, a downgrade to 4 stars.
Wow, this was outstanding. We shared several small plates and loved pretty much everything. The venison was off the menu, but there was an octopus "carpaccio" that was fantastic. The blend of latin and Turkish flavors was unexpected and delightful.
Yum yum yum all over! Great atmosphere, excellent wine, and sophisticated touches. Love their pecan-crusted brie, hicama tacos, and chocolate fondu! A great balance between wonderful flavors and a non-hoity-toity feel.I'm definitely a fan
Went here for a birthday dinner then loved it so much that I took my parents back - this place is an amazing spot! Great food and really cute, nice wait staff. Highly recommend!!!
This is my favorite restaurant in town!The food always amazes me and the service is great!Taco Tropical is a must have!
I absolutely love this place. I had family visiting and we had dinner here 3 times in two weeks. There was not one dish i can say anything bad about. I'm pretty sure we hit the whole menu. By far one of my favorite places in the city.
Came here while on vacation with my brother. Ordered the arugula and radicchio dried cherries which was amazing. Unfortunately this was the best part of the meal as the lamb sliders left something to the imagination, they were just incredibly bland. My brother did not particularly enjoy his taco tropical panko and spice-dusted shrimp, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioli. The atmosphere was great and so was the service, the food just could've been better. I'm not saying don't go here, just don't be surprised if it doesn't meet expectations.
I really like tapas. Or I should say, I like the concept of tapas. You get to try a million different things without commitment. You know, sort of like dating.And all overeating problems caused by huge portions would end if everyone ate dinner here. Why? Because portions are tiny (smaller than your usual tapas servings) and you'd go broke buying enough food to gorge yourself.That said, everything was pretty good. Good service, good wine, and good food. Don't understand the obsession with the shrimp tacos though. They were ok, but the salmon with pistachio and wasabi melted in your mouth.Now it's time for the Will-I-Go-Back Test. The answer? Probably not. It's about the scene here more than the food, and I don't buy into spending a fortune to feel "hip."
had the brussel sprouts, big bowl, crunchy and tasty, mussels were big and perfect, not one was fishy or sandyservice was greatmy only suggestion is to lower the lighting, much too bright, feels like a diner
Great ambiance!Most of what I loved about Lolo is its delightfully unique interior. I love the ambiance that it gave off. It all had a very charming quality to it and set a relaxing tone for dinner. In contrast to other reviews, I went on a Friday night around 830pm, and there was absolutely no wait at all. Perhaps during certain hours or days, it's just busier. The food and wine were excellent, but I have to be honest and say that I've barely scratched the surface of their menu. So I plan on coming back for more indefinitely.Overall, this place had a lot of character and left me with a great vibe. It wasn't loud either. You can have an intimate dinner without needing to raise the volume of your voice to an uncomfortable state. It's a great dinner-for-two spot.
Love it. Cozy, artsy vibe, and an eclectic, seafood-happy menu of small plates. There was this octopus dish that was not like anything I'd had before -- so good and tangy. The ceviche and the tuna tacon (is that just a fancy word for taco? :X) were also the bomb. Our server was super cool and hooked up an extra tacon since there were three of us and the regular order came with two.
The decor is so cute and colorful here! The colors and artwork pit a smile on my plate. A friend and I samples the poblano portobello quesadilla and the ravioli. Both were delicious and worth the price. I would definitely come back again.
for food quality I'd give it 5 but it lacks a bar. the shrimp tacos are A-MAZ-ING!!! Great lunch special too. Right in a cool hood, check out the Make Out room across the street for killer tunes. Awesome Staff.
The food here is yummy, creative, and has a healthy emphasis on fish. We had the ceviche which was tasty and plentiful. Some of the other dishes were on the tiny side and maybe a dollar or two too expensive but the flavors and pairings were great. We also had the grilled shrimp with spicy peanut sauce, the duck confit tacos, and the flank steak. We enjoyed everything and despite the smallish portions, we left satisfied.The only reason this place gets three, not four, stars is because of the wine list. I had two glasses, ten bucks each, of a malbec I could've found at Trader Joe's for eight dollars a bottle. It wasn't good. Not only that, upon first sip I knew I was paying too much for the glass. But oh well, I was with a friend and all in all, we had a great time.
I tried Lolo for the first time yesterday for a birthday dinner and it was fantastic. Everyone was incredibly nice, the food was incredible and the decor was really nice.We had the ceviche which was amazing, the cheese fondue, the arugula salad, the fried brussel sprouts (which I would like to marry) and the chocolate fondue. All were incredible. I will definitely be coming back here to try other things on the menu, although if I got those items again, I would be a happy camper!
Great jimica tacos!
Hay Hay, whadda ya say?! I say Lolo got me feenin fo some momo of their food...Mmmhhmm.Highlights of the night:Cheese fondueSea bassTaco tropicalThe argula salad and the brioche dessert were good but nothing that blew my mind.*on a side note we sat outside under the heat lamps and I must say it was warm and cozy and fun to watch all the wanna be hipsters hanging out...down side to sitting outside is all the homeless peeps trying to sit and chat with you at your table.
Wow, we enjoyed this place a great deal! The Taco Tropical is a wonderful way to start things off from the Sample Menu. We absolutely loved the refreshing, cool, tropical, and spicy (the right amount) flavor.The staff is courteous, the establishment is clean (as well as colorful), and generally, we felt comfortable in this place. We loved the mint sauce that came with the lamb kabob, as well as the flank steak (with the shoe string fries and mole sauce). The red wine that the waitress chose to complement the lamb was wonderful. In short...I am looking forward to going back to this place in the future.
Finally, I have arrived and eaten a zolo. The company grand, the food not so much. We had a lovely ladies dinner, starting the evening with drinks at Beretta and dinner at Lolo. So by the time we arrived we were properly lubricated. The lubrication, however, did not succeed in coating my tastebuds, at least not enough for the food to really past muster for me.The star of the evening was easily the shrimp tacos, they were crispy and crunchy, yumm. The rest of the meal sort of lost me. We had the fried salmon, zuccini cakes, filet mignon and duck confit do it yourself tacos. The salmon was, well too fried to really enjoy the fish. The filet was coated in a sauce that I couldn't identify, but my companions asserted that it was citrus based. Again, I really didn't enjoy the sauce, I thought it overpowered what was a nice cut of meat. I will note that the rest of the crowd enjoyed that dish. The duck confit tacos were so bad that no one ate them, while aware of the fact that a confit is essentially flopping around in fat for days...we didn't expect it to be sooo fatty that three washes of wine still wouldn't remove the taste from my mouth. Zuccini cakes, very average, too much dressing on top .On the bright side, they fit a large group in with a call the day before, the waiter was charming and attentive and the wine list was perfect for the $$ and the vibe of the restaurant. All in all and average eating experience in a cool, kitchy decor. I would recommend this place for larger groups really set on the tapas style meal and wanting a foray into the Mission, but I wouldn't send your visiting gourmet.
So, I know this place gets crowded and I wouldn't recommend trying to plow through the rush without a reservation. We tried before on a weekend and ended up going somewhere else. This time, my husband and I went on a Wednesday night and we didn't have to wait for a table. The hostess sits us down at a very tiny table for two (would be tough for an XL individual to squeeze in there) in a secondary "hidden" room with hundreds on paper boats on the wall (cool!). It was certainly a wonderful evening. Everything was good. We especially enjoyed the arugula and radicchio salad, and the mahi mahi special, though the ceviche was also really good. Minus a half star for the service as it was a little slow, but considering that the entire restaurant was packed even on a Wednesday, it seemed like more of an issue of being understaffed than anything on the servers' side. And another half star for not having a non-dairy-heavy dessert item for those of us who are lactose-intolerant (we were "forced" to walk down to MIssion Pie instead). :p But overall, we felt the presentation of the food was really exquisite, and whoever is the head chef there really knows how to combine flavors in an interesting way. The ambiance seemed like it could be dressy but it doesn't go all the way: and looking around, people seemed very casually dressed, as if they walked in from down the street (most of them probably were neighborhood locals I'd imagine). Overall, we will definitely be back, but definitely sticking to a weekday!
2.5 stars. Came here for a late dinner a few weeks ago. I loved the crazy ass decor. Really, its worth eating here just to see it. I really enjoyed the artichokes and the fried brussel sprouts, but everything else was pretty forgettable. Service was slow, but wasn't excruciating.
We sat right in front of the chef and enjoyed our meal. The mussels with saffron were excellent!
Wow, I loved this place SO much. I took my boyfriend here to celebrate his raise at work and we both enjoyed it to the fullest.The decor of the entire restaurant is SO cute and vibrant. I loved the decorations on the walls, the booths, the colors, just everything. The gentleman that seated us was EXTREMELY kind and friendly and immediately brought over our drinks after we ordered them. The service was great, the waiter engaging, and the food...ooooohhhhhhh the food.We ordered 2 small dishes and one large and we were sufficiently stuffed and satisfied. We got the ceviche first, which was delicious and had the best chips! Then we got the Taco Tacon with the seared tuna which was definitely my favorite. Then we had the carnitas, which my boyfriend loved (I'm not a huge fan of carnitas, but they were still very good)My wine was great, the free bread and dipping sauce was amazing. Overall, we LOVED this restaurant and was more than pleased. For sure one of the better meals we've had in the past couple of months.
Decor is very sweet and welcoming, festive and colorful. They have outside seating. The wine took a while to get to us (20min or so) , I think our waiter had forgot, but to make up for time lost he gave us the round on the house.for dinner we had: octopus tiradito- sooo delicious and packed with flavors and beautifully plated, octopus was thinly sliced and well seasoned, i would most definitely get this again.   seafood corn sopa- also very delicious, we practically licked our plates clean.blackeye peas with pork- very good for what it was, but quite plain, not very exciting.tropical taco- which we liked very much as wellthe star of the night was the octopus....mmmm.
I LOVE Lolo'!After an exhausting week of work my husband and I settled into the window table for our first experience at Lolo'.An early arrival on the dinner scene meant fast seating. Go after 5:30pm and expect to wait an hour while drinking at one of the neighborhood bars or cafe's. The friendly staff will call your cell phone when your table is ready.The food:Inventive sauces drizzled over delicious shared plates. My husband ordered the lamb kebabs. The kebabs arrived on a large spear promptly removed by the waiter alongside two roasted onions and coucous. Very mediterranean. My husband being Greek, was very pleased with the lamb and flavors. I ordered the Corn sopes with seafood. I being West Virginian, forgot what "sopes" meant. The 2 thick corn tortillas stacked with shrimp, scallops and fish and a trio of sauces were satisfying and packed some heat. The shredded purple cabbage and cucumber salad provided a nice balance.The atmosphere:"Do you have a reservation?" Upon entering and immediately following a pleasant "hello" from the staff you will soon learn that they ask everyone this question. They know they are a popular establishment and management of this issue is key to a restaurant that can seat no more than 40-50 people at a time.The decor:Absolutely adore it! It's tropical beachside, it's funky Californian, it's vibrant Mexico City. It's even checkerboard Italian. If you sit in the seating space shared by the front door, venture into the second seating area lined with a bar and tables lining each wall. The "I'm alive!" feeling:If you appreciate a vivacious color palate and by living in the Mission you dream of one day visiting Mexico City via the border flavors of the Middle East, visit Lolo'. Then go home and watch Frida with your Greek husband.
Four of us ate at Lolo and all of us just loved it. We sat outside and took in the atmosphere of the mission and the funky restaurant.  The food and the service was fantastic. We had made reservations and were seated right away...no wait at all Every dish we tried was a great taste sensation. We especially loved the figs with balsamic and blue cheese.  We will be back.
The Mexiteranean fondue was a good starter. I thought the beets with feta were excellent. The Carnitas were awesome. I wasn't crazy about the crab tostados, couldn't really taste the crab very much.
The food here is really good. I tried quite a few of the small plates, but my favorite has to be the ceviche. The decor is a bit quirky. They used cute dog books as bill holders. Service was good, but the food was even better. I would definitely be back for more food.
Excellent experience. Love the interior decor, all our food wazs delicious and our server had many conversations with us, he was very passionate about the restaurant and we talked about travles to Guadalajara, where this idea for such a place originated. The beet appetizer was beautiful and tasty, the octopus as well, oh everything you may order is scrumdidliuuumptious. They have a nice Spanish wine selection, and I would love to return soon to try more of their yummmies
Solid 4.5 stars!Another reason why I love my neighborhood. Every single place in the Mish has character (even the McDonald's on 24th and Mission). I've had my eye on Lolo for a month or so, and based on the reviews and pictures, I had the impression this was a higher end little bistro. To my pleasant surprise, Lolo's is casual, comfortable, and no doubt eclectic. On a random Tuesday evening, I swung in here for a glass of wine and some small plates. It did the job with perfection.I had a glass of the rose, which was fantastic. We ordered the Taco Tropical. They were mini shrimp tacos, lightly fried with a mango chutney. Instead of being served on a tortilla, they used a thinly sliced piece of jicama. Genius - hats off to you! We also had the mushroom ricotta dumplings. There was something familiar yet unique about them, which I think goes with their objective of offering typical dishes with a twist. It did not disappoint. For dessert, we had dark chocolate fondue with banana bread and berries. Get it, devour it, lick the bowl clean.
I came here last night to take my best friend out for her belated birthday dinner. I had tried calling earlier in the day to make a reservation. I left a message and about an hour they called me back, but I wasn't near my phone. They didn't leave a message and I called them back about 5 minutes later. No answer. Called back 2 more times, still no one picked up.We decided to go anyway, and when we arrived the place was pretty much empty (7PM on a Wednesday night). The host asked me if I had made reservations and I explained that I tried to but was unable to get a hold of anyone after they returned my call. He said he had a seat at the bar (THE PLACE WAS EMPTY) and thats where we were seated.We sat there for about 20 minutes without anyone asking us what we'd like to drink. The server was standing at the end of the bar the whole time, completely ignoring us and chatting with his friend. Needless to say, we walked out.We went down the street to The Corner where we enjoyed a lovely meal and some delicious wine. Save yourself from the pretentious service and don't waste your money here.
I love the peruvian refried bean packages on the bathroom door,sound of birds in the restroom, there sangria ,there dessert chocolate fondue and there eclectic decor. A place to chill with a buddy and have some latin inspired apps. Will highly likely return soon.
I simply love this hidden place, it is my favorite restaurant in the bay area! first of all the decor, Lorena, the owner and designer has so much style!! I feel like home when I go there. The service is excellent and the food... This is paradise!!!The tropical tacos, the octopus tiraditos, all the fish and sea food dishes are superb, so creative, fresh, balanced...there's some tapas with latin-american and middle eastern spices soooo good! the desserts are really good and they have a decent wine list.This place is a MUST!
YUMs. The BF took me out on a date here on a Sat night and we didn't make reservations and we were seated right away and it was probably around 7:40, prime dinner time. (The place definitely filled up w/in the next 15 min though...)Those who refer to LoLo as an experience have spoken correctly: its an experience. We had the taco tropical, their most popular dish, which is like a fish taco but w/ a thin slice of jicama instead of a tortilla. (Stellar - no just bc its interesting but its so much easier to eat!) Also got the pistachio encrusted salmon, organic tomatoes with feta mousse, and the seafood sope. All the dishes were yummy and creative and the ambience was quirky and very SF. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because it was good - but not a place that I would crave again. Its great to go at least once, and maybe again for a group dinner or something, but I don't know if I'd want to spend that much for what I got. =P
(To be sung to the classic Barry Manilow tune: Copa Cabana)Her name was Lolo she was a Mish SpotWith little red and white booths and lotsa hipsters on the looseShe would saute and grill it upAnd while she tried to be a starMarina-ites would never venture this farAcross the crowded floor, they poured wine more and moreWe were young and had great foodWho could ask for more? At Lolo (lo!) Lolo in the MishThe hottest spot for a Mexican fusion dishAt the Lolo (lo!) in the MishMusic and passion were always in fashionAt the Lolo.... I fell in loveHer name was AnnaShe wore a sundressShe was escorted to her chair, into Lolo's lairAnd when she finished, she was fullThe grilled Mahi MahiMade her say "yahmee yahmee!"And then more wine and espresso dessertHer food baby could hardly fit in her skirtBut where to next?Repeat chorus!At Lolo (lo!) Lolo in the MishThe hottest spot for a Mexican fusion dishAt the Lolo (lo!) in the MishMusic and passion were always in fashionAt the Lolo.... I fell in loveAt the Lolo... I fell in love
Three words. Crazy good food!! I'd give them five stars, but the decor gives me a headache. I don't know who their designer was, but they took the color-kitsch idea to the extreme. The wild patterned color fairy done threw up ALL over this place. To be fair, they were clearly trying to achieve a unique decor on a budget. I have to say however it does detract from the food. We started with the scallop appetizer. Perfectly cooked, delicately seasoned. It was perfect! The duck confit made my tongue quiver. We've been twice now and will definitely go again. Just be sure to wear your sunglasses. Your eyes will thank you for dimming down the interior designer gone mad interior.
I decided to come to this restaurant some time ago that I saw this place had an awesome review from Tablehooper. Here are some reasons why I love this place:- The food is really creative. You will find the most creative mexican food in San Francisco. These guys are really outstanding because even that they are in the Mission Neighborhood, they know how to re-invent things keeping the mexican taste.- It is not the typical mexican food: you might find amazing pozole, mole, tacos, burritos, enchiladas around SF but NEVER food as inventive like this. Tuna Tacon and octopus tiradito are unique!- You will meet the owners: since I have been several times here, I had the opportunity to talk to the owners. This does not happen in many restaurant and I really value this opportunity.- Ambiance: I am the kind of person that likes great ambiance, even if it is just for dinner. Lol has this great feeling. I like the kind of places that have people from all ages and backgrounds, this is this kind of place.- Decor: Yeah, sooo creative and fun. I had the opportunity to experience the waves.
I am planning my next visit to eat nothing but the Tropical Taco which is panko and spice dusted shrimp, tropical relish, spicy aioli in a jicama wrapper. Let's see how many plates it will take to fill my belly.I'm glad to have made my bf a fan too! He noted to his friends: "I would cut off a finger for one of these tacos."
Off the chart! Best in the mission by far!!!! What a great menu, short menu, phat quality and amazing unique great tasting food!!! I have to say, what a real gem, this place was outstanding. I ordered 6 items from the menu, the shrimp taco's (like nothing I have ever had) a 10, Lamp Ribs, 10, Guac and Cheese, 10... wine by the glass selection, totally exotic. The Owners have a few places in Guadalajara, real high end presentation, quality, unique... very nice!! (of course a bit more expensive then a typical Mission District place. ) This place can stand alone with any high end place in SF.
Excellent latin-inspired place. Packed full when we ate there, so you know it's good.Highlights included every vegetable I ate there. Really impressed how they handle there greens here, so much so, that you could easily go veg here.Actually though, ONLY 2 things annoyed me a bit. So, this probably would be a 3.5 if I could.First, the service is way too fast. Dishes fly out of the kitchen and stacked up on our table. Slow it down a bit, please!Second: desert seemed off. At least the chocolate mouse we had. Seemed like a grocery store item. Chocolate fondue served at table next to us though looked amazing.Lolo makes my list of returns in The Mission, but could improve.
I didn't even know this place existed until a friend suggested it for dinner. We went there on a Tuesday night and I thought we were the only ones there until we noticed there was a room next door that had quite a bustling bar. We sat in the front right by the door. The first thing you notice about the place is the decor... kind of kitschy and unique. I definitely dug the ambiance. So here's what I thought of the food we ordered... mind you these were small plates so they were meant to share.1. Shrimp tacos - a friend of mine recommended them to me. They were friggin awesome... the flavors danced all around my mouth and the delightfully crunchy coating of the shrimp was amazing. I highly recommend this.2. Sqaush blossoms - quite possibly the worst dish we ordered. Talk about too much flavors... it was as if someone couldn't make up their mind and unloaded too much feta and cumin into my mouth. Steer clear of this dish.3. Octopus carpacchio - another less than stellar dish... the octopus was so thinly sliced I thought there was nothing on the plate at first. Again, too much cumin which I thought overpowered the dish.For our "share more" plate we got the mahi mahi. I was super excited about this but would only give this an A-OK rating. The highlight for me was the mango and papaya underneath the greens. The fish was ok... nothing to remember.We got the fondue which was great... I mean who wouldn't love blueberries, raspberries and banana bread dipped into warm dark chocolate?So why the 3-stars? I think this place has a lot of potential... the shrimp tacos rocked my world. Next time I go, I'll try other dishes...hopefully the cumin won't be on everything or I'll downgrade my rating.The total bill for the dishes and a $40 bottle of pinot noir was $103.
The huitlacoche and ricotta stuffed dumplings were so good this was what my friend said: "I would come back just for these".That's how good they truly are.All the sauces for all dishes we ordered were superb.Everything was just slightly overpriced, tho, and if it weren't for that I'd have given 5 stars.
Lolo is really a 3.5 Star, but i can't take it to 4. the ambiance is quirky, and the decor is somewhat holly-hobby. it feels as though anyone with a creative bone could put it together. everything is retro and kitsch. make sure to sit in the back/side room, as the front stinks of grease since the kitchen is open to front dining. lolo could certainly use a modern ventilation system. here is what we had:artisanal cheeses: 5 stars (you cant go too wrong here)cop cis: 4.5 (if only these came out first- we would have been in heaven)vegetables a la turca: 2.5 (so uninspiring that the vegetarians at the table didnt even finish these)taco tropical: 3.5 (nice flavor- boring tortilla)octopus tiradito: 4 (not your typical octopus. it is shaved so finely you dont really know what to say when it arrives looking paper thin and non existent on the plate. yet, it delivers)seared scallops: 3.5 (simply average)baked brie: 3.5 (i could have bought one at trader joes and been just as happy. there was too much breading and the saucy was nothing to write home about.)lamb kebab: 4 (once again, if these came out first we would have been over the moon. but after so much starch- we didnt have much room. the flavor was light and nicely marinated)overall impression is that i am in no hurry to return and wouldnt recommend the place to anyone. it is completely overpriced for the quality and lack lustre creativity behind the dishes.
Quirky interior (including a mustache sticker on the mirror in the bathroom, ha), the restaurant is much larger than it looks from the door. We were seated in the backroom (with the bar) and more spacious than the cramped front room. I enjoyed the tapas-styled concept. We ordered: Tacos tropical - a friend had recommended this dish. I really enjoyed the sauce (slightly heavy) & the texture of the shrimp. The taco didn't have much taste & didn't add anything to the dishLamb Burger - the boys loved this dish the most, it had just been added to the menu the day before. This burger is hearty enough for a meal.Duck Confit Tacos - make your own little tacos. The meat was a little dry, but I liked the concept - a twist on Peking Duck.Octopus Tiradito: Comes on a dish sliced paper-thin, looks almost like it's not there. Some bites were delicious and seasoned very well while other bites were bland - hit or miss.Heirloom Tomatoes, Feta Mousse, Kalamata Olives - I loved the feta mousse and oregano/chive oil. I was told these tomatoes were in season, but was disappointed as they did not taste very fresh.Stuffed squash blossoms - Waiter's recommendation. Interesting concept, not what I expected at all but I was underwhelmed by the flavor.+ Service was great. The boys I was with had expected to have to run to McDonald's after eating tapas, but they were both pleasantly surprised and left full.
Hipsters unite!The food is good, the price is not. We had tomato salad ($11), bottle of wine ($38), tiny lamb kabob ($18ish), good sized flank steak ($18ish). The service was fine, but a bit pretentious. The decorations Punky Brewster would be proud of. The music was loud. The location is excellent. The bottom line_______________ $120 dinner for 2 can be spent elsewhere for a lot better experience. I wouldn't go back unless there was a really good reason to. If you want a lamb kabob that will fill you up, go to a Persian restaurant.
Tasty, cute decor, fun, not grossly loud. Nice waiter, reasonably attentive service. Mixed crowd. A bit spendy ($13 for two little tacos?) Trendy = spend I guess. But definitely a return visit! Tasty tasty tasty fresh ingredients. Great drinks! all as promised!
I really wanted to like this place. It was recommended by 2 of my friends and Yelp! And not to mention it boasted a cool hipster crowd and quirky decor. We ordered the cheese fondue, crab tostadas, octopus tiradito, ceviche and padron peppers. PROs: The fondue was ok and so was the octopus. The crab tostada tasted the best. There were actually large chunks of crab in it. Although, they did douse it with bits of bacon. And that's hardly fair, isn't it? Overall, I felt that the food at Lolo's was just ok. It may warrant a second try. CON: why do they not offer their sangria in pitchers?
Awesome!!! What can we say? This was a recommendation from a friend of ours who lives close to the Mission. And what a reco!!!! It is a small, casual little restaurant with fun decor, and an awesome tapas-style menu. Any restaurant that serves sparkling red wine (something very hard to find in North America) immediately becomes TOPS on my list...but pair that wine with "tacos tropicales" (a food sensation for your mouth!!!) and the night becomes one that is hard to forget!!!!!!!!!! We are in love with the latin-american-fusion flair of Lolo and can't wait to return to San Fran to eat our hearts out again!!!!!! Yay, Lolo!!!!
Hell yes.This is what it is - and it's tasty.Imagine if Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt were Peace Corps volunteers and adopted a bunch of children from different countriesImagine the kids were little culinary prodigies and wanted open a restaurantImagine if they didn't have a ton of money, but a lot of style and gutsLolo is the restaurant they would openThe food is well prepared, basic ingredients in unusual combinations - it's not haute cuisine - anything panko-coated and deep fried can't be - but it's tastyTasty, spicy, friendly and genuine - the waitstaff are genuinely friendly, the menu is honestly priced, and the wine selection is well-chosenGo - enjoy - it's a casual place
Cozy restaurant with a fun vibe and funky artwork. Definitely a nice place to go when you want small, flavorful bites. I had the scallop and chorizo tostadas, lamb sliders, tuna and avocado, and one other... hmm can't remember. Wines were a bit pricey but we downed a whole bottle with dinner. Great location in the mission for drinks afterwards. All in all a cool atmosphere and good food.
Very impressed. Loved the food and adored the atmosphere - especially all the bright & flashy colors. (The flagrant use of my new favorite color, peacock, was more than refreshing.) I went with two of my dearest friends from LA...and this proved to be the perfect place for a group of long-time girlfriends to get together and nosh, share a bottle of wine, catch up. Very reasonable prices, and a unique yet impressive wine list. I was a bit surprised by the fact that a majority of the choices were from the Austrailia/New Zealand region, but I was impressed with the selection, once I sampled the tasty options. I agree with all the folks that recommend the shrimp tacos. Those, and the zucchini cakes, were my favorite. Everything was totally delish, though, so I suggest that you don't be afraid to try a few things. We sat at the bar, and the bartender was very helpful in steering us in the right direction with our tapa selection. (I think it's always a good idea to get input from the people "in the know" when sampling tapas.) I'll definitely be back...likely more than once or twice. Next time, I'll be sure to make reservations.
Awesome! Everything we ordered was delicious. I loved the ahi as well as the corn on the cob and artichoke. Get the sangria! Lively atmosphere but small so probably not good for large groups.
I say SHAME on anyone docking these guys even a single star. We've been here three times now and every single time we walk away, we and our friends are going on and on about how great every single dish was.Lolo is a tapas-style joint where every dish is designed for sharing. Grilled octopus? Awesome. Duck tacos? Wow. Venison carpaccio? I wouldn't have guessed, but deeee-lish. Ricotta dumplings? Mmmmm. Not too pricey. Not stuffy at all with their fun recycled-materials interior and fun design by owner Lorena Zerpuche. It can be a little challenging to get in since they don't take reservations after 7PM and you just have to show up, put your name in, and hope for the best. But do it you must. Just walk over the Laszlo for a drink and chill while you anticipate the fabulous tongue thrills (no, not those kind of tongue thrills) that are to come (no, not...nevermind).
Blew me away in every regard. 5 stars!!
Lolo is as adorable as it is delicious! BUT leave room for desert because they have the best cheesecake you have ever eaten. I am not kidding!I hear they use to do a killer brunch and we should harass them until they bring it back :)
whoa...WHOA...LOLO! Look at you go, giirl. I spent 3.5 hours here last night. Eating slow....drinking slow....and loving hard on this little spot. My first experience here was enough to earn a top spot in my favorite dining lineup. I love trying new foods, but don't like committing my entire meal to the adventure. Thanks to lolo's tapas style, I can now say I've eaten octopus & olive oil icecream. IN ADDITION, I had duck confit, (omg yum) shrimp tacos, scallops, steak & fruit mole, and plenty more. Best part - it was allll soo delicious. My recommendation - come with good company, a good appetite and an open schedule. AND go to the bathroom! you'll see - it's fun :)
the special, rib eye, lets seetry the carnitas, are the best, have a tasty approach to prepare them wrapped in banana leaf.
This place is definitely cutesy. Sometimes a little too cutesy. I dunno if it was the wall coverings made from recycled juice boxes, the colorful retro-style vinyl booth upholstery, the fact that our check came in a hard-cover book about training German Shepherds rather than an actual check presenter, or the combination of all those elements but the atmosphere there is definitely something else. Not really sure how i felt about it so i'm just going to leave it at that. The food... quite good! We ordered the heirloom tomato salad, pistacio crusted salmon, the scallop sope, and of course the tropical shrimp tacos. Everything dish was well put-together, but I wasn't too wild about the scallop sope because the masa at the bottom was a little tough and it was just one tiny sope on the platter next to a huge pile of red cabbage slaw. Not really worth it. The kicker is that they serve you warm baguettes at the beginning but instead of butter they give you this sun-dried tomato blended goat cheese... UNBELIEVABLE. I thought I was dreaming but man if that was a dream I didn't want to wake up.
Great, great food. I don't remember all the names, but EVERYTHING we ordered was good. Lovely setting! Pricey, but worth it.
Great little Mission hot spot.The food is well prepared, the flavors are interesting and well combined to compliment and contrast each other in all the right ways. The Jicama tacos, Octopus and Venison carpaccio are especially good dishes. The wine list is interesting and unusual as well.The interior is lovely in its inexpensive, colorful and appropriately Mission flavors. The concept is that of a Mexican style tapas bar that one would find in one of the little fishing/surf villages along the Yucatan peninsula coast. It's kitschy in the best of ways.And the music is great. The bartender is always laying down fitting music, especially if you like electronica.Lively and fun, it's a great date spot. If there's a wait just give them your cell # and head across the street to the Make-Out room for a pre-dinner drink.
This is the way to have tapas. I've had tapas at Cascal and in some places in San Jos, but this is by far the best I've had thus far. I was curious as to why some people had given Lolo some low ratings, and my deduction is that it's a bias of taste.I personally love spices. I like my octopus dusted with hot spices. I forgave the overabundance of oil, but the meat was perfect: not too chewy, not too limp. The duck confit was missing something in my opinion. I think it needed a kick of some spice or a sweeter earthy flavor.The prawns were delectable and perfectly grilled. I personally am not a strong fan of overbearing black olive tapenade, but all I had to do was take if off my prawn before eating it and I was fine.The dumplings were pretty good, but I honestly preferred the squash dipping sauce. (Which by the way, where can I find some good fried, stuffed squash blossoms?)The wait staff was amazing. They were extremely laid-back, but it somehow fit the theme of the restaurant, ya know? Which, by the way is the complete personification of kitsch: newsprint wallpaper on one wall and the bar top, funky lampshades, cowboy boots on another wall, and rubber soles on yet another flank. Kitsch.Having set at the bar, our 'bartender' was truly the perfect server. He arrived whenever needed as if he could tell we needed something. He recommended a great bottle of wine. He always asked "May I?" before clearing away a dish. He also continued to pour our wine and water as needed.  You may walk by this place and not realize what you're passing up, so keep an eye out. Give it a try, I'm sure you'll be pleased as long as you enjoy bold flavors. ;-)
The service was good, and the menu made us so excited, but ultimately the food didn't quite live up to our excitement level. There was nothing bad, but I'd rather try someplace else instead of going here again.The Tacos Tropical were fine - kind of overwhelmed by citrus and chile powder.Octopus Carpaccio was the best menu item we had. It too was kind of heavy handedly chile powdered, but the texture and flavor of the octopus was really good.Huitlacoche and Ricotta Dumplings were just so-so. The ricotta drowned any flavor from the huitlacoche. I was hungry, so I finished all of these, but otherwise I may not have.We also got a cheese plate, which was fine, and I don't remember what we got for desert. Did we get desert? We must have.
Mussels and Duck Confit. Sign me up. The mussels are awesome. Did I say that the mussels are tasty?Cute spot in the Mission, very friendly. Can get a bit loud at times, but I wouldn't go here to whisper, anyway.Good spot for a date - casual, hip, and tasty without pretension.
I love this place so much that I can't get enough. I just can't get enough.Love the shrimp tacos, the scallops, the heirloom salad..I love the food. I love the wine. I wouldn't mind loving the waiter, but that's another story.Please don't go here because I want to be able to get a seat! I can't get enough of this place.
Really delicious and a great scene. You'll love it.
I begin with the caveat that I was newly recovered from a cold the night I want to Lolo, so I was more in the mood for big food than smaller tapas. That said, I was also with my very best friends, so that probably makes up for any mis-rating.The location and ambiance is lovely at Lolo. Service was lo key and friendly. My favorite dish of the night was the Duck Confit -- which actually comes with a little topping that you assemble into a tasty fresh tortilla. The wine list is superb and we definitely enjoyed a few bottles between us. I would go back to Lolo for happy hour or to sit at the bar section with a loved one. The side of the restaurant with the bar is definitely more happening, while the other side a bit more subdued and romantic.Don't forget to hit the bathroom for the soothing sounds of the ocean.
Lolo is fun,quirky and delicious. I found this place through Urban Spoon when looking for something a little different than the same-old same-olds in the city.At the time we were there, there was no signage - just a flag to announce that this was indeed Lolo (forgive me but my keyboard is going to mispronounce almost everything in this review because of my lack accent marks). What at first appears to be a tiny 1 room space capable of seating 5-10 diners, actually continues around into another adjoining space with a little more seating although I wouldn't take a party of 10 to this place.Once inside you are greeted with kitschy walls, tables, door and bar decorations that range from fruit can labels, to stuffed animals to newspaper. and more Recycling the old into something funky seems to be the theme.The food was really good as was the service at the bar.The bartender was helpful and made wine and food suggestions.He also was kind enough to explain what some of the more esoteric items were.This place is all about small plates so definitely bring folks you're comfortable eating with (and off each others plates). We tried several kabobs, the razor thin octopus tiradito, and the confit. I stayed away from the huitlacoche because I haven't the balls to eat that yet. Some day...Lolo is a great blend of Mexican, Turkish (etc) cuisines that is unmistakably comfortable in the Mission. Plus they're right around the corner from BART so you can have that extra bottle of wine...
The shrimp tacos were to die for and the wait staff was really patient with us because we had a lot of questions.According to my friend, the skewers weren't that great but I didn't taste them myself.I love the restaurant and the random decor. Great inspiration for my next apartment ;)The restroom has speakers. I mean, who doesn't need ambient ocean wave sounds while they go tinkle right?
Turkish-Mexican fusion . . . How could you go wrong? First, serve Turkish style vegetables that taste like feet. Second, serve corn sopes with octopus, shrimp and squid that are rock hard. The flavor of the seafood was completely overpowered by capers. Third, serve french fries with the steak that are paper thin, like potato chips, but still aren't crisp and taste like oil (you gotta use old potatoes and double fry people!). Provide mole dipping sauce for the fries with a flavor that's so subtle, it's overpowered by the fries. So the lettuce and tomato salad was decent, but that's not hard.One enthusiastic star for the funky decor. I love it. I actually enjoyed the dessert though it was mislabeled as classical tiramisu. It was actually chocolate mousse with a layer of booze-soaked lady fingers and a bottom layer of chocolate espresso beans. Pretty interesting and tasty.
Innovative plates and a fun relaxed atmosphere. You can't go wrong with any of their creations. Unique, fresh, flavorful and super affordable. My new go-to place for good tapas and drinks as they have a vast selection of wines.
This place never disappoints. I love the jicama fish tacos, they are DELICIOUS. I also get the brussel sprouts, which are great. But honestly, every time we go, my friends and I get something different and love it. It's a cool little place in the mission that is just amazing (I don't use that word very often, but there it is). The decor is great ( they have lottery numbers and ocean waves on their wall..sounds crazy, but it's fun, creative and makes for an interesting dining experience). The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. If you're looking for great Mexican food with a twist , this is your place. If you're looking for tacos and burritos, go to a taqueria. This is one of my favorite places in the city!
Yep. The pistachio-encrusted salmon makes me insane. The lil' jicama-instead-of corn tortilla for the breaded shrimp taco made me drag several people here. The banana bread and blueberry fondue are a splendid way to finish an exquisite meal, but you can kick it up a notch with the olive-oil ice cream. The decor is my favorite. Deuce-deuce is now rife with culinary perfection.  Don't front.
Really wonderful place. Friendly, relaxed vibrant atmosphere. Busy, yet staff were still friendly and welcoming. Great food and even better wines.  Overall really nice experience. Thank you to the staff and kitchen!
If it would have been a little less windy outside, we would have sat in one of the ultra cute booth seats outside, but lucky for us, they had a table available at 8pm on Saturday night. I wasn't too excited about the menu at first glance and the alcohol selection was limited to wine-only, but I found a Malbec that looked promising and we ordered five appetizers and two entrees. The zucchini cakes..some would say had a delicate flavor-- but I say they were bland and boring. The octopus was paper thin and drenched in oil and did not look appetizing at all. The beet salad and side of radish that was soaked in something looked great. I enjoyed the fried shrimp mini tacos the best because they were packed with flavor and had a good amount of spice, although they were a bit hard to eat and we only got two shrimp for $7, hmmm... The Three Meat Bites were deceiving as the menu described an entree comprised of "lamb, beef, and bacon" but when they arrived, they were little ground meat patty burgers served with bread. Now at that point, I really didn't care what they tasted like--that's just false advertising. My favorite dish of the night was the grilled porkchop with asparagus drizzled with a balsamic based glaze. The porkchop was good-sized, moist, and flavorful. Very nice. And last but not least, we ordered the sorbet trio for dessert and I have to say that the strawberry basil sorbet was divine...So I was impressed by the cuteness of the decor and the artistic presentation of all the dishes but the menu and the flavors of quite a few dishes need a little work in my opinion. I couldn't even tell that the theme of the restaurant was "Latin American" until I read it on Yelp, and that's not a good sign at all.
Great Spanish white wine-- and like that they serve until 11pm! Really good shrimp tacos- we went in for just a snack before calling it a night and had that and the stuffed peppers- both were amazing! So amazing that we then ordered another order of the shrimp tacos.....Our check came in a book of German Shepherds- I love the dog book check delivery- and as an educator, encouraging people to read in any way possible....Definitely a drink and have an app place- would be pricier for dinner- but a nice "we want to hang and wind down before heading home" location. On behalf of my friend, I must mention that she thought the men there last night were also attractive. Don't know how that reflects the restaurant--- but I'm just throwing it out there- always is nice to have something pretty to look at while you sip wine and gush over shrimp taco bites, right?
jicama used as tortillas in the taco tropical? brilliant.cinnamon-y sangria with sparking wine? delightful.pistachio-crusted salmon with wasabi cream? delicious.fried brussels sprouts with shallots and hazelnuts? yum.a solid, fun dining experience for my roommate and me this evening, with delicious food served in a quirky, eye-catching environment. we chose to sit at the bar instead of one of the tables in the front room. we accidentally ordered two orders of the taco tropical, and were pretty happy with the accident! they were the stand-out, arriving significantly later than the other dishes, and prefaced by a woman sitting next to us leaning over and declaring, "those are a party in your mouth." indeed.i'll come back for more party in the future, and will save room for the ibarra-dark chocolate fondue!
Went there with friends on Friday and we had a blast. The sliders were awesome!
When you give a restaurant two stars, Yelp says: "Meh. I've experienced better." That's exactly the right way to think about Lolo...I had the octopus, the scallops and the flank steak. The octopus was sliced very thinly (think carpaccio) and absolutely overpowered with what looked to be togarashi (Japanese hot peppers) and Japanese spicy mayo.I don't recall the scallops having any flavor per se, though the sauce they were served with was good.The flank steak was, well, flank steak. The waitress, when asked prior to the meal what she liked in particular, gave a giant shrug. Whatever, she said, I recommend nothing. So I can only assume then that I ate the best of what they had to offer.Another funny thing: I inquired about one item on the menu and the waitress referred to it as a "Mexican fungus that grows on corn." Is it good? [shrug] Way to sell it...
The best food I have had in SF - bar none. Perfect ceviche special don't miss tuna tucon. Drinks that keep you reveling in the eclectic decor. Type : non traditional Mexican. Tip : eat at the bar.
Reservations are recommended.Excellent dishes:1. Rib-eye steak tacos (a special) were outstanding. Definitely order.2. Lamb sliders were also fab.3. For veggies, the brussel sprouts were an unexpected, crunchy delight.4. Contrary to other reviews, the crusted salmon is nothing more than glorified fish sticks, with a bit too much fishy smell. Pass on these.5. After inquiring about specialty drinks, we were visited by the lead bartender who recommended a yummy white agave wine drink, with a salty, spicy effect to it. Served in a small bucket, all it needs is a shot of tequila, once government bureaucrats bestow this establishment its liquor license.Great place.
Good food and ambiance at this little spot in the Mission. We shared four tapas among three people and had plenty to enjoy. We got the mussels, Brussels sprouts, fish tacos, and oxtail empanadas. Even my boyfriend who doesn't like Brussels sprouts enjoyed these. Save room for flan, too!Pros:Reasonably-priced winesGood for sharingPortions (can order more per order to accommodate a group)Cons:While we were third on the list, it didn't really seem like the list was followed. Check in with the (very kind and friendly) host to make sure he remembers you (and the list).
This guy (or gal - not sure who the exec. chef is here) is gonna be a big deal, kids. I'm not lying. Who ever they are, they are THAT good. Every bite was both suprising and wonderful and I don't know that you can ask for more than that. Table conversation revolved, almost exclusively, around the food. Hell, you can undersell the place if you want - a tactic I feel drawn too at times when a group of unapologetic yuppies (as opposed to my own thoroughly apologetic yuppie-ass) act like they can't get off the street and into the Restaurant fast enough. I hope the Mission gets to keep this place - because I don't want to have to drive to eat here, but to be honest, I would.
The biggest draw to this restaurant is the panko-encrusted shrimp. Wow. Perfectly accentuated w/ mango salsa, and chipotle aioli dripped over it. I said while we were eating these and I'll say it again that I could skip the entrees and just eat 4 or 5 of those fancy shrimp tacos.We waited a long time for the mahi, which was a little bland (I've had better) but the huitlacoche (which, by definition, is corn smut, a plant disease caused by a pathogenic fungus) made up for it. It was really good.
A fine place to go for a fun night out, I'd give this place 3.5 stars and reserve the fourth for my next trip back, and I do intend to given all the fun options on the menu left untried. Great vibe and neighborhood, so definitely recommended it for a unique and memorable night out. Great waitstaff and solid food.  Did anything wow me? Not this time, although my friend loved her shrimp tacos. Everything is plated really well, and everything looks gorgeous but, as is often the case when the presentation is 'ON', portions are kinda small. You might leave a little hungry. . .Hmmm, one of the reviewers below stated, "It's all about the Huitlacoche." Can't agree there. Granted, the word sure is fun to say, and I went in with trying this appetizer at the top of my list. But it was actually kind of under-whelming. Not bad, in fact it had a quite nice, smooth, mild mouthfeel but. . . it lacked any kind of dominant flavor. a Kick. Something. It's called Huitlacoche for pete's sake. . Maybe I felt let down because my expectations were for rockets going off when I tasted these oddly blue little fritters. If you crave mild you'll probably be quite happy with them. But it's hard to imagine them as being the highlight of the meal. sigh... Huitlacoche,.. it sure is fun to say.Had the steak as an entree and it was cooked perfectly, marinated in something wonderful. Side of fries? Eh. They were quite pretty, fancifully cut shavings that piled beautifully on the plate but again I was hoping for something with a bit more acid on the side. . . not a criticism of the restaurant by anymeans, next time I'll just try some of the other offerings on the menu.and really, a fun spot. Love the vibe here!
Great restaurant, and friendly service! Thanks for being so attentive! I enjoyed the sangria and variety of dishes they serve, with many different vegetarian options. lolosf.com/food.html
Last week, I went to this restaurant for the first time. I'm always up for some delicious tapas. So what can I say, the food was ok. Yes, I have had better. I don't know, the dishes were nothing too spectacular that is wowed my palette. I had the octopus, which was cold and slightly over season with spices. The fried seared salmon was ok, nothing too amazing that I'd go back to try again. I guess I was expecting something different.
It looks like a mariachi band on acid exploded inside this place. From the oilcloth tapestries to the ceramic cowboy boots to the the giant mirrors engraved with peacocks, your eyes will never have a boring moment at Lolo. (As an aside, Your eyes may also enjoy the waiter/bartender who served us our meal last night. Even if he's not your type, I suggest you ask him to say the word "guava". I have never before heard the name of a fruit pronounced in such a seductive fashion.)You wouldn't think that Turkish/Mexican fusion would work as a culinary experiment but strangely it does. I highly recommend the baked brie, served with a spicy tamarind sauce. The huitlacoche and ricotta dumplings were also excellent. The dessert sounded a little over the top- olive oil ice cream or some such craziness. We didn't try it.
This is a cute restaurant with a funky vibe. Solid food at reasonable prices. I started with the brussels sprouts. I didn't think the hazelnuts added anything to the dish but the sprouts themselves were cooked very well. Had the taco tropical (shrimp tacos) for my main dish, which I loved. I was particularly fond of the use of jicama instead of tortillas. In a city full of yummy taco joints, this substitution made the dish unique (and delicious!). Topped by a tasty fresh salsa with a hint of spice.
This place is seriously unbelievable. All the dishes were so unique and delicious. I could eat the shrimp taco and crab tostada everyday if I could.
Came with a group of 6 friends late on a Thursday and tried most of the menu. This is one of the best spots in the Mission. Food and service was fantastic. Everyone pigged out but clearly you don't have to order a whole lot at a tapas restaurant. Great atmosphere/music. Fun but not too loud and chaotic like other places that also have full bars.
I am cursed with an indecisive palette which can often leave me flustered. Went here during a recent rise in temperature and the heat had my appetite waxing and waning. Luckily, I was in lovely company who shared my lack of decision making skills. Lolo is great for people like us. Small plates work well when you can't commit to a full dish and would rather sample a variety of what a place has to offer. When we first entered, we were greeted by a chef in the kitchen and a little perplexed as to what the seating arrangement would entail. Quickly, we were then approached by a waitress who brought us back to a room, ornate with a kaleidoscope of colorful visual interest. Everything on the menu sounded appetizing. Because we weren't particularly ravenous, we decided on a shrimp dish, some scallops and a lovely hunk of brie that my companion described rather eloquently as a "gourmet mozzarella stick" that was fried and deliciously oozing onto supplied bread. The waitress was extremely patient and answered all of our questions, helped with recommendations and helped us narrow down the wine list. This place is relatively new and they are still working out the kinks on the timing, but the food came out quickly and we were checked on appropriately, but not overbearingly. If you order nothing else, do yourself a favor and try the shrimp. Frankly, I would eat my left arm if it were to be flash fried and encrusted in panko and served with a smoky chipotle aioli, but Lolo saved my anatomical symmetry by providing a lovely alternative to cannibalism. Scallops were well done, but could have maybe used a little something, although they came after the marvelous shrimp and my taste buds were probably still relishing in the sauce. Details are important and the bill came in an adorable Saint Bernard dog book. Thank you for sparing the monotony of another black receipt book, Lolo. Next time, I'd like to request the chihuahua book, but we all have our favorites. Thoroughly satisfying, eclectic and adorable.
I know everybody likes this restaurant (including my dining partners who've reviewed it glowingly), and although there are bits of it that I do like, overall, to me, it's just a 3.I like the shrimp appetizer, although it made me feel a bit clumsy to eat it (am I the only one???).I really like the custom chairs out front that you can sit on (and drink wine!) whilst waiting for a table (no reservations, wha??).The three meat bites advertised bacon (which I LOVE), but in the delivery, I tasted just meatloaf. The mushroom sauce was so freaky good, though. The bathroom had a wave machine sound that was really relaxing, but I felt that the wallpaper was a bit contrived.And on the overall decor of the place (I'm probably going to catch heat for this...) but I felt it was overly done. The placement of all the forks on the wall was a bit overly so. The mirror birds were in their PERFECT place. It was a bit too much, at least in my opinion. It wasn't offensive, it just ended up lacking warmth in the delivery.The staff is superb. They're all knowledgeable and well-spoken and don't make fun of me for pronouncing Huitlacoche "weetlacoshe" rather than "Hooweetlacoechay." What can I say, who's ever heard of that? I do like the fact that although they don't take reservations, you can put your name in and go and sit at the Cafe Revolution down the street, and they'll call you when your table's ready. More restaurants without bars should adopt this practice.I'm glad I tried it out, and I think this restaurant will do fine, but overall it's just not really my bag.
Lolo is my new favorite restaurant in San Francisco. The theme is small plates nuevo Mexican served in a very modern/edgy atmosphere by attentive and nice servers. Now if you think going to Pancho Villa makes you an expert in Mexican food, Lolo will surprise you. But the owner is a restaurateur from Guadalajara and so he knows his Mexican food (with a twist of Turkish flavors??). The plates are original and change on a regular basis. Best to come with some other folks and have people order different things. Let the bartender or server recommend the wine. You will be very happy when all is said and done. Just don't come back too often and make it hard for me to get a table.
In a neighborhood with tapas bars on every street, Lolo manages to stay unique with it's quirky decor and creative menu. The food is every bit as fun as the decor! The tapas menu obviously has Spanish roots, but there are many different influences in the menu items, ranging from Asian to Caribbean. Check out my full review on my blog, see profile. Quick recap:Octopus Tiradito - spicy aioli sauce, good. octopus, sliced thin and tenderHuitlacoche and Ricotta Dumplings - They weren't bad, but not great. I found out later via Google that huitlacoche is also referred to as "corn smut," which made it taste better after the fact.Panko Encrusted Shrimp Tacos - go there just for this, seriously. It's sweet, salty, spicy, and the flavors just explode in your mouth (that's what she said)
Lolo's was once this lame ass Italian place. I took my fiance' there back when we were just best friends who were never ever going to get together because I am totally not her type. It was so forgetable it wrapped around to being remembered for its sheer plain-ness.The guy grated Parmesan cheese onto my gnocchi. Are you asleep yet? Lolo's surprised me in a good, not-a-scary-8th-Birthday-Clown kind of way. It snuck up on me with its throaty Spanish waitresses, with the fine line it walked between demure and overly hip deco. It's a home run hitter meaning it does have the occasional embarrassing strike out (see those bland zucchini things or the less than life-changing Mole).Even when Lolo's whiffs I want to hug it for trying like a motherfucker. And when it hits (with a puissant .622 batting average) it leaves you giddy and refreshed. It reminds me why a dedicated cook at home person like me enjoys eating out. My mom, who like the youngest kid from A Christmas Story, hasn't eaten an entire meal in over 20 years, dug in with gusto. Sure, she was more interested in the upholstery on the booths but not the point!The bar is swell. The owner-manager-boss folks are attentive, cool, nifty, a pleasing Arnold Palmer-like blend of suave and earnest.Amazing wonderful things:jicama shrimp tacos (oh god)stuff with fish in itthe beef tongue (don't question me on this you squeamish bastards, just pretend it's something tamer like fillet mignon or whatever it takes to choke it down)the duck carnitas (they call it "confit" which is inadequate)and the cheesecake. we're having it at our wedding. no, really. hey-zues it's good.I could go on and on, no wait, I already have. The wrapper on my straw said "Enjoy Life, Eat Out More Often". Sound advice.
I wasn't a huge fan. Service was good...Bad Sangria. Misrepresented cheese dish (more of a chilli) but the ravioli was kind of amazing. I will not be back.
I am so excited to finally have tried this place out! I left after a very nice meal feeling happy and satisfied, not at all heavy and weighed down, even though I really ate more than I needed to.The best thing I had were the grilled marinated octopus skewers with the two different sauces. Holy crap!! I could order four or five orders of that and still want more. I don't know what they did to that octopus to make it so tender (it was the exact opposite of rubbery), but they could have made an old shoe taste good using that technique.The huitlacoche dumplings were tasty, as was the flank steak. I can't give this restaurant five stars because the pistachio-crusted salmon wasn't really pistachio-crusted-- it was panko-crusted with pistachios swimming in a sauce that would have been excellent were it not so salty. Had the citrus sorbetto trio for dessert. It made me very, very happy!! And it went really well with the white port.
Whatever, Phil - I went there first! :-)My friend and I went to Lolo on one of those disgustingly rainy Friday nights a few weekends ago, so we had no problems getting a table immediately. I really liked the ambia...(*grabs thesaurus*)...er, decor, and it was appropriately intimate. We had a tasty bottle of their Grenache, and I had the flank steak. Ok, so I'm supposed to be a vegetarian, but I just WANTED it. I wanted the meat (hehe...aah)... plus it was grass-fed hippy beef, and I've been subsisting on Ritalin and popcorn for the last few months, so I felt I deserved it (no, I'm not a model, I'm studying for a TEST).They played some pretty rad tunes too. At one point, I heard Burial. Clearly, someone in Turkey has been reading up on their Pitchfork reviews. To beat the grass-fed hippy beef to a tired pulp, the portions were a bit small, but they were sooo good, who cares??I'm happy this place is so close to my apartment. Yum.
There is no better way to start the New Year than by dining at a great restaurant.Lolo is that place for me. New, funky, creative, and a hell of a lot of fun - a recipe for success in my book. The decor is one of the happiest ones I have seen in a while - full of deep, bright colors, and found objects enjoying new life (from sneaker soles to Luchador masks to bright oilcloth prints). You can get a taste of it by visiting the website of the designer at lolomuebles.com. Eclectic and tasteful, trend-right without trying too hard. It's kind of Oilily meets Villians Vault, with a Central American accent. I have to agree with Ed M. this place is sooo Mission (the owners are from Guadalajara and Turkey), and also what makes dining in San Francisco so special.The staff is very friendly and the food was beautifully presented and came out quickly. Sharing dishes is the way to go here, and they made great recommendations (we also had a little help from a neighborhood chef-friend of ours who was dining with us). Here's what we enjoyed:Panko-encrusted Shrimp - this was the favorite dish of the table - lightly fried shrimp with a mango salsa, chipotle aioli, and served on jicama in the shape of tiny soft tortillas - dusted with spice and accented with lemon. What a burst of flavors on your tongue - like all of the colors in the restaurant had re-emerged as tastes. We ordered 3 servings of this dish!Pistachio-encrusted Salmon - absolutely delicious - tender salmon with a nice crust, served in triangular wedges and drizzled with a wasabi cream sauce for an unexpected bite. Another favorite.Huitlacoche and ricotta-stuffed Dumplings - okay, I confess that I don't understand what huitlacoche is exactly - Wikipedia defines it as corn smut (doesn't that sound wonderfully dirty?) - I think it may be a fungus, or something...they call it the Mexican truffle - anyway, cooked into a dumpling with ricotta cheese, it's one tasty bit of smut. And who doesn't like tasty smut??Arugula and Radicchio salad - with dried cherries, feta, and an orange muscat vinaigrette - solid salad, nice compliment to the more rich foods.Three Meat Bites - I was initially confused by the description of this dish - it's 3 meats (lamb, beef, bacon), combined into 3 mini-burger patties and served on 3 slices of bread. Each bite contains all 3, they are not 3 different bites. That said, yum! The mushroom sauce on the top is scrumptious, do not miss a drop.Charcoal-Grilled Mahi Mahi - tender fish, very interesting slightly smoky sauce, and served with mixed greens with slivers of tropical fruit - light and satisfying.Duck Confit - interesting way to serve this dish, do-it-yourself style with mini tortillas and a sweet/spicy sauce.Dessert was good, especially the cheesecake, but I think that they really excel the savory dishes here. Wine is reasonably priced, and they can make a recommendation for you.No reservations accepted, but we got a table for 5 very easily at 9pm on a Thursday night. They also have a bar in the back where I would definitely sit with a friend to have a glass of wine and a few plates of food if the tables were full. Fun for a large party or small group, good for a date if you don't mind a slightly boisterous atmosphere. It's more buttoned-up than you might expect for a restaurant that is only a few months old, and they work hard to make sure you have a great experience - which we certainly did.I'll be back soon!
Everything we ordered was totally delicious, with great balance in flavors, textures, and presentation. How did their tuna achieve a succulence normally reserved for the likes of beef? I would happily return to this spot with a few extra stomachs to try the rest of the menu.
I came here with two girlfriends for a night out and we were lucky to get a table right away. I recommend making a reservation. The food was amazing, and the wines we tried were great too. We shared tapas first, including these spicy little shrimp tacos that were a-ma-zing! The portions are small, but bursting with flavor, so no complaints here. We each had an entree too, which had good portion sizes and were also delicious. The scallops were especially tasty. Pros: Food is excellent, Service is OUTSTANDING, funky decor, cool vibe.I think what sets Lolo apart though is the service. I live on the peninsula and rely heavily on yelp for good places in the city. Every single employee we spoke to that night was friendly and attentive. We all commented on how pampered we felt at the end. I highly recommend this place!!
Huge fan, had ceviche, yellow fin tostada, octopus and salmon croquettes. Everything was awesome and I thought the octopus was really amazing. Decor was also on point.
Hands down my favorite place to eat in the Mission. Fresh, interesting, seasonal food. Every bit of seafood I have eaten is amazing there. Very helpful waitstaff, friendly low-key atmosphere. Have yet to NOT make friends with fellow diners and share recommendations.
Went here for my gf's bday. This place is superb. Love the mexican twist to these tapas. The place is very inventive from the decor to the menu. The shrimp tacos here are probably among the top 10 things I've had the pleasure of chewing. It's served on a thin slice of jicama, instead of tortilla, which does an incredible job at neutralizing the acidity of the salsa that coats the crispy shrimp. I believe it also had some pineapple in it to give it sweetness... sweet and spicy is def my fav flavor duo. Also had the octopus carpaccio which was a lil odd, but definitely tasty (if you like tamarind and spice. The pistachio encrusted salmon was to-die-for as well. It was seared perfectly and served with a teriyaki sauce that seemed like it wouldn't work that well, but I was surprised once again.I will definitely go back here in the future, probably next time I go to SF.
I have to admit I had reservations of the possibility of going to another over hyped mission hipster place that is overrated and loud. I called about a reservation and never heard back so I decided to walk down there and see what the dealeo is. As I walked up a guy who works there is standing at the door and says to me "hello Bobby". Now this sorta freaked me out and I thought this guy must be the best host ever! Well it happened to be an old friend who works there and recognized me :) I explained my situation and Meme said if I didn't get a call then that means they didn't have room... He then said he would see what he could do and after a few minutes he hooked it up like a tow truck! I wish Meme could have been our waiter, ours wasn't bad or anything but come on do the switch-o-roo :) The place is cool, defiantly belongs in the mission, funky design, the food was good, not super but above average. The wine list was decent and our waiter suggested a couple of good wines, I enjoyed the Syrah for my wine, the tacos for the app and the mahi mahi was very good. I will be back to check out some of the other food and finish reading the German shepherd book that they left on my table as the holder of the check...
Man oh man! I believe I have found a new favorite dish! The Taco Tropical (shrimp tacos) not only looked pretty, but damn it was so freaking tasty! Grilled shrimp w/ fresh ingredients wrapped in a thin slice of jicama...to die for! I think I could eat 6 of these to myself. Such a great balance of texture, sour, salty and just a hint of spicy. We also shared the pecan encrusted salmon and the pork, which were both cooked to perfection and plated very beautifully. Being we shared everything, I actually had room for dessert and had the cheesecake...the best I've ever had!I called last minute for an 8:00 reservation and they were able to accomodate us on a Tuesday evening. I've walked by this place several times on a weekend night and it's always packed with people out the door. The decor was very charming...but the seating arrangements are a bit cramped. I definitely will return to this new little gem in the Mission and perhaps will have 6 of those tacos only.
You can fit this place in your pocket, and it's super cute. Luckily for us, an outside table on a friday night was available, and we had no reservations. Awsome. We were too loud and drunk to be inside anyway. Staff were kind, and the ceviche hit the spot.
Lolo is a great spot if you're in the mood for something different. The shrimp tacos are head and shoulders above anything else they serve...order enough so everyone gets about 2. You'll be sorry if you don't. Seriously.As for the rest of the dishes, they're exciting in that you don't have much of an idea of what to expect until you take a bite. Many of them feature fairly exotic ingredients...or are at least described using foreign words that may impress other simpletons like myself. At mid-range tapas prices, it's not that big a risk to branch out and experiment on some choices that you might otherwise let slip by due to fiscal concerns or a lack of understanding... There are definitely some hits and misses at Lolo but if you go in expecting it, the meal as a whole should leave you feeling enriched and content.
After reading all of the positively glowing reviews for this place, I was astonished at how much I really didn't like it.For a new place, not having a sign out front was especially annoying. The "recycled" motif--which has questionable attractiveness for someplace where I want to EAT--was hit or miss. The second room, with the large green-framed mirrors against a wallpaper of newpaper, was kitschy and had a nice pop art feel to it. However, framing the wall next to it with rubber boot soles was creepy and offputting. In fact, a lot of the stuff gave the place a sort of cheap and fifth-grade-crafts-project look. Here's how I'd express it mathematically:(Nameless Storefront + Shopping Bag Wallpaper) X $12 small plates = Pretentious.But I could deal with that. Hey, it's the Mission and we're supposed to be hip, right? I'll push my emo hair to the side and dive in to the food.Here's where the stars really fall off. Pretty much everything we ordered was either highly unpalatable or just really poorly executed. I should've known we were in trouble when our bread arrived way too hot and dried out. The calamari plate was the worst offender; without the green salsa-like dipping sauce slathered on it (completely blocking the taste of the calamari itself), it was totally inedible. (I do have to say our server was very polite when she saw we had barely touched it and took it off our bill without any fuss.)The salmon small plate was drenched in wasabi sauce and glaze that totally clashed, and the pistaschio "crust" was more clumps of ground nuts. The only almost-winning entree was the three meat bites, which was really all three meats ground into small patties. However, they were served over some sort of aioli that made the bread they were served on soggy. Our last selection, two zucchini patties, looked, well, recycled. At least they were keeping with their theme.They get two stars for the very attentive and friendly staff. But the food was just terrible.
Oops, I brought my vegan friend here and that was probably not the best idea...(most dishes do contain some kind of a cheese(s)What a cute little place with unique decor and some excellent small plates of food, desserts and wine!  The wine list was short, but it was a very decent one.I started my meal out with some champagne and baked brie (came with some tomato based sauce, very good), then I had the seared scallops. They were both delicious!I would definitely be coming back to try out rest of their menu...
A super fun, laid back little place. The food was creative, but not pretentious. There were four of us, and we tried about seven dishes. Everything was perfectly prepared. The shrimp tacos and octopus were the standouts by far. Deeeeelish. The service also perfectly matched the atmosphere -- attentive and friendly, but not fussy. We had reservations and, even on a crowded Friday night, we were seated promptly. Thanks for everything lolo! We will be back.
LoLo can be a very fun/interesting place, especially when bored with traditional Mexican, and I would have given it 4 stars but I have to take 1 away for something that really effects the experience. It's happened each time I went. The problem is not that the plates are VERY small for the price. That by itself is not a problem. I actually prefer smaller plates if the quality is higher and at LoLo the quality is indeed high. The problem is that when you serve VERY small plates to groups, your servers need to be proactive and make sure there is enough to go around. I don't mean "enough food so everyone is full" (although, yes, that should be part of policy too).. I mean "enough portions in a dish so everyone can taste it".During this last trip, we were a group of 6 and ordered the beef skewers. The first problem is that a customer can't tell the meat is going to be marble sized as the word skewer gives an image of hunks of meat. Use a different word. Or make up a word. Or just make sure your server explains it's not your typical Turkish kabob.The second, and my main, problem is that it only comes with 5 of them. In a small plate restaurant, if your server can see there are 6 of us, why not upsell an extra pro-rated skewer to us? Just say "that comes with 5, should I bring 6?" We're happier cause we don't need to split up what are already small portions, and you get more $. All the servers at the best small plate restaurants, like Slanted Door and EOS, do this religiously.It's a win-win for everyone. Please make this policy among your servers.
I am still having dreams about the fondue. And I probably think about the pistachio encrusted salmon more than is comfortable. The wait staff is fun and engaging. And if you like glass cut-out flamingos (I know I do...) look no further.My new favorite!
love this place!!! food, cocktails, ambiance...it's alive with flavor!
Yes!!! Another gem of the Mission. Here you're going to find Mexican food that has nothing to do with "Mexican food" as I used to understand it (Burritos, tacos, etc ...). Everything I tried was absolutely great, and the final chocolate dessert with all the "berrys" (straw- blue- and rasp-) was an 11 out of 10. The place is cozy and cool at the same time, and the price is a steal. I shouldn't be that positive ... now the line is going to be bigger.
Service was excellent - warm, friendly and quick without being rushed or intrusive.Food was really lovely. Highly recommend the tropical tacos. Portions vary so best advised to ask the waiter, which we did and ordered just the right amount.We also had a really nice chocolate fondu which was a fun wrap up for the meal.Would definitely recommend if you're in the area and hope to swing by again before we finish our trip.
Wave after wave of delicious small plates arrived at our table last night-- from lamb sliders to ahi tacos--forcing me to finally raise a white flag of surrender with my belly ready to burst. The hit of the evening (for the meat eaters at least) was the bison tlacoyo--flavorful and original. The staff was friendly, and the only thing missing was liquor--they serve beer and wine, but a little tequila or mezcal cocktail would have taken it up a notch. Of course, Cava 22 is just across the street if you really need that fix. I give this 5 stars for the quality of the meal, and the vast improvement in the dining experience over what I had when Lolo's first opened a few years ago. It was a great meal this time around!
My new favorite restaurant in the Mission! A friend took me here the other day and I was at first a bit sceptical as I usually avoid mexican restaurants due to my citrus fruit allergy. But little I knew I found my new fav restaurant in the Mission! The food was great - especially the croquetas - and the service was exceptional making sure I got everything without lemon/lime. I will be back many times for sure!!
My favorite tapas restaurant. Like "A Cote" in the East Bay but on Steroids! (much spicier!).  Get the Gambas Bravas (shrimp) are fantastic.  The Agave Wine is much better than the Sparkling Sangria (disappointing). Brussel Sprouts are very good.  The Crab Tostadas ($15.00) are over priced and just fair.  Overall, a wonderful dining experience!
Lolo holds itself out as an eccentric but brilliant tapas joint, but there is nothing to this place apart from the wacked out dcor. Some of the concepts sounded alright, but the execution was uniformly bad. Fried stuff was greasy/soggy. One dish was bits of food drowning in like six ounces of soy sauce and wasabi. Nothing hit. Sorry, not acceptable at this price point.
Some of the most unique food you'll have in the Mission, and that's saying a lot. Mexican-Turkish? Please. Pass the corn fungus.Seriously though, they serve CORN FUNGUS here. Better known as huitlacoche. They serve it in a sort of potsticker form. It has an awesome texture and is very tasty. The shrimp dish comes with a crazy spicy pepper -- "for decoration" -- but you should take a few bites anyway.The place is very colorful and full of things to stare at. I've witnessed more than one first date there, so it seems that others agree that the visual cacophony is a good catalyst for discussion.
They are spreading the love from the moment you step in! Cozy, lovey and soooo good. I always go with whatever they recommend that evening. Get dessert too.
Just go and try it. Don't even think about it.I've been here several times and every time we've done a super family-style deal. Oh wow, am I glad I got to try so much! There honestly is not a single thing I have eaten here that I even mildly disliked. I've been pretty into everything in fact. My recommendations (other than everything on the menu - mind you this is seasonal so at some point these may no longer be on the menu):3 meat bitesduck confitshrimp tacos that come in jicama - absurdly deliciousIn addition to their great food, wine and decor, the staff gets my A+ rating. Hopefully you'll get Meme as a waiter. He rocks hard, has wonderful recommendations and is a complete sweetheart.
Good food. Fun atmosphere.
Sparkling sangria, delicious Turkish Latin fusion, smoking hot waiters.... Went home wanting more... Until the next time
I wish I could give it 4.5 cause the food is pretty amazing, but service was eh...hipstery. Defintely worth it though. I looove tapas! We also got the fried fish which was amazing.
It's all about the Huitlacoche.I almost squealed when I saw this on the menu. I've been wanting to try it for a while now, but its impossible to find in the states. I automatically ordered one of those puppies. It comes in a dumpling with ricotta cheese and tasted like a slice of heaven. I didn't realize it would be this good.I also ordered the arugula salad and venison carpaccio, both of which were perfect. they seemed to have a wine list, but i'm on the dry so I didn't get a chance to test it out. The set up of this place is interesting and the decor is brilliant. Its almost like two restaurants back to back, and a bar. I took a seat with my lady at the bar, where we joined a small group for a birthday party. Our food arrived pretty fast, which was surprising to me because they seemed so busy.As for the ambiance, the place is pretty rad. They designed it with all reused materials. I can't say for sure, but I believe they use sustainable practices for their food, too.All in all, I want to go back and eat everything else on the menu. It's creative and exciting, and I'm pretty sure I'll love everything on it. That's pretty rare for me to say.
I have been so lacs in writing any reviews because I have been so unimpressed with recent performances, including a trip to Myth... let's just leave that one alone. But Lolo's? OMG! And not just because it's one of my nicknames... is amazing. The food is amongst the most creative, most delicious (outside of my own kitchen) I've tasted in a loooooonnng time. The wines were pricey but so unusual that they were well worth the extra buck or two. We focused on sampling the appetizers... had the shrimp tacos, venison carpaccio, hoitloche dumplings, heirloom tomato salad... all of which were yummy! We landed up ordering seconds of the tacos they were that fresh and good. My friend couldn't eat the carpaccio (cholesterolly challenged) so I got to have it all to myself and would easily, if greed were permitted, ordered a second plate... yummy! Have to say though, didn't fancy sitting down at the tables with the banquette style seating that they had. Much preferred sitting at the bar, especially since the bartender was as yummy as the food;)
Go early to get in quickly, gets a little busy later. The seared yellowtail tostada was delicious.
This place is amazing! Lots of variety on the menu and lots of great eats. My favorite is the pistachio encrusted salmon and the carnitas, but other many dishes are very tasteful. A great evening out.
This was a cute little place, there is more than meets your eye...I enjoyed tasting all their small plates, you wouldn't go wrong with any of their choices....go with your gut! Oh, also their argentinian wines were so good...particularly Tomero! Even if we ate mostly seafood, it was a perfect combo...
I used to like Lolo a lot. In many ways I still do. It's a beautiful little space, and the owner and waiters are lovely, and people always seem to be having fun picking at their tapas plates of octopus and guacamole and tuna tacos. But it is just too salty. Everything seems to have a bit of soy sauce here, a sprinkle of sea salt there, and the flavors sort of get lost in the palate-assaulting universal sodium. I've started asking for some things (e.g. sprouts) to be prepared without salt, but it isn't enough--felt really bad last time for the rest of the evening.
Whoah!!This place has only been around for 3 weeks and it totally wins on all counts.We first walked in and i LOVED the decor. It's well thought out and creative from the wall of spoons in the front room to the side view mirrors hanging from the entry way, the chandalear in the bathroom, the news paper for wall paper. It's brightly colored yet well thought out and conceptually cohesive as a whole. Our environment matched our food.The food is creative, colorful and DELICIOUS!! They do seafood really well. From the shrimp tacos to the seared scallops to the encrusted salmon to the octopus (and I don't even LIKE octopus) EVERYthing was spot on.Go here quick before the wait becomes ridiculous.
This place is SO funky and cute!! I love the decor! I started with a glass of sparkling Shiraz and warm toasted bread with black bean dip. The dip was pureed black beans topped with a unique spice blend. Pretty good.Then we shared the dumplings with ricotta and something I believe was mushrooms. It was a really unique dish. Not sure if I would order it again, but it was great trying something totally different.For our entrees, we shared the mahi mahi and grilled pork chop. The mahi mahi was served with this really unique sauce and a thick slice of avocado. The fish had a great texture and the salad had a really good vinaigrette. I really enjoyed the pork chop! The meat was so juicy and tender. It was topped with a slice of blue cheese and it was delicious!!!We skipped on dessert, but the bill came out to be only $40 a person!! It was pretty cheap..... Not sure if I would come back right away, but I'm glad we came to this really funky, cute restaurant.
Small Excellent Restaurant. First off i enjoyed checking out the interior design of the place. Recycled everyday items were used to create great wall decorations. Old fabrics draped the windows and seats to make bright vibrant patterns.Apps were delicious. Especially the chorizo stuffed dates. Great combo of spicey sausage and chewy sweetness. Savory Argentinian wines. the their Duck tacos were great! would definitely go back for more.
Yum.Yum. Yum.awesome decor. So cute.Im so glad my friends picked Lolo for dinner... I had to -1 star for no booze.. thats how I roll.... (no, wine doesn't count)I was happy to see a Gruner Veltiner on the wine list, being that it's my fave wine.anyhoo...I'm addicted to the shrimp tacos in jicama (tortilla). I could seriously come in and order 10 plates of these. That would be 30 little tacos.O.K., maybe 5 plates..... thats more realistic.I also like the 3 meat bites and the baked brie. The waiter was attentive and pleasant... he did not get annoyed when my friend spilled his wine.. (watch out for the stiff corners of the tablecloths.. they hit your knee and the wine goes a-flying)I was too full for dessert and probably will be next time too, after I eat as many shrimp tacos as humanly possible.
Had a long dinner at Lolo last night and I can see why everyone loves it so much. It's really night like any other restaurant I've been to in San Francisco and for that they win major points.I liked how unfamiliar yet delicious a lot of the flavors were. We had some venison carpaccio, with fried portabelo chips, calamari, heirloom tomatoes with feta mousse and these little shrimp tacos that others have mentioned. None of these small plates were very big, but we didn't live feeling hungry either.We went with the "Yuca-thai" spiced Oprah fish, which was also divine.I'd love to go back with a larger group and try some of the other dishes. Lolo is definitely a fun spot.
the quirky decor sets the perfect tone for sharing small plates and drinks with friends.pistachio encrusted salmon, zucchini cakes, and the mahi mahi small plates were all so delicious! the complimentary bread is served warm and crunchy. split amongst the two of us, 3 small plates kept us very full and satisfied. felt like a fatty after!i definitely want to come back to try some of their big plates.
After hearing many good things about LoLo, finally made it in their doors with a party of four. The staff was gracious. The colors of the place are festive. The waiter was friendly and attentive (and easy on the eyes). But the highlight was clearly the food. Each person in our party was truly shocked and awed by the sophisticated menu and original, innovative fare. Menu highlights include: deep fried brussels sprouts, the ceviche, the pistachio salmon, and the meatballs. I will definitely come back. And my out of town guest from Germany will sing LoLo's praises on the European continent.
I dined at LoLo with my girl LoLo (hehehehehehehehe) and we (at least I *hope* we...) had a lovely time. For a restaurant that has been open for only slightly more than a week, they are very well put-together and things were running quite smoothly.Lovely and adorable decour. Fashionable/funky/fun cushions on the boothy looking chairs. The kind of furniture I wish I had in my own house, but know I lack the vision to spot it and make it work. Even the bathroom was so cute! Low, flickering lighting that seemed to get dimmer as the night wore on. Ambient background music that almost was overbearing, but never quite crossed that line.The food is deliciousness-incarnate. We shared four dishes: panko-encrusted shrimp "tacos", octopus carpaccio, pan-seared scallops, and fried calamari. In an effort to limit my verbosity, I will just say everything was tasty and flavourful and zesty and scrumptious (How's that for concise...?). My favourite was the shrimp, which in addition to those adjectives, was also spicy and crunchy and refreshing and Good. **But all the dishes were sauced plentifully, perfect for bread-dipping after the meat was eaten up! And you better believe that I was dipping up until the moment the plates were wrenched from my grasp. Good foresight on the part of the waitress - it would be unsightly to have the crazy girl in the corner, licking the last remaining drops of citrus sauce and scallop remnants from their classy, yet hip, white, square plate.Also... Excellent roasted tomato/basil/goat cheese spread to go with the bread. You better believe that I'm going to try to make this myself. And they were kind (and non-judgmental) enough to keep the bread coming and not recoil at my gluttony, even after the second time I asked for more bread. And lovely dessert - dulce de cacao (or caffe... can't quite remember) with chocolate-covered espresso beans at the bottom. One bite, and I was reeled in.I must say that the service was effective and very gracious. They tolerated, maybe even welcomed (?), my fickle eating habits. More than once (ok, upwards of 4 times?), my inner greedy girl wrenched a clearly finished plate/glass from the waitress, because it wasn't finished to *my* satisfaction. But they never made me feel like the obnoxious child I know I am. I very much enjoyed my dining experience, and hope to return often, with friends in tow.
At first I was slightly skeptical simply because of the few 1-2 star type reviews, but the reviews written by Shayna and Chad (my friends) and many other 5 star reviews convinced me that this place must be good, at least worth trying. Whoa is right- it was sooo good! We were seated at the bar, which is quite comfortable with a party of 2, or the corner seating for 3. We had a bottle of Malbec with our sampling. My rec's : The pistachio encrusted salmon with a drizzle of wasabi cream was a pretty good sized portion and was dyn-o-mite! There were so many bits of awesome flavors blasting around in each bite. The panko flash fried shrimp "taco" was on a jicama slice (instead of a tortilla) and it had this really wonderful flavor of spicy and sweet from the bits of pineapple. Oh My God- it was SO GOOD! We also shared the flank steak that was cooked perfectly and had a tasty sauce. On the side was this strawberry and peach mole, that had an unexpected, yet tasty, peanut flavor. The steak was so good without it that I didn't use the mole. It also came with shoe string potatoes that were of course yummy. Those 3 items are worth going back there for again, and again!We had the scallops and the calamari which were good, but really didn't blow me away like the other items did. Our bartender and the servers were all very attentive, and not "in your face" like they are at some places. The main guy who waited on us (shoot- should have got his name) was really informative, and really cool. Our cost was $35 bucks each (for 3 of us). We left satisfied and happy! Lolo Rocks!
Love love all the food here... My first experience was excellentoo.. We ask them to recommend all the dish and each one of them taste like heaven! Cute surrounding art... Very creative!! Enjoy people
I just love this little place! Everything is so tasty and flavorful. The little shrimp tacos are a must!! If something on the menu sounds good, it probably is---try it all! The flavors in the dishes are an interesting mix; I have yet to be disappointed.On top of the great food, the decor is super cool! I can just sit in there and look around forever. So interesting and colorful--I love it. Last time I went the playlist was ON FIRE. They may have stolen my ipod. LOVE!! xo
**Great for a 1st or 2nd date**Really funky entrees that you don't think work together but are amazing. The tacos for apps are great and the meatballs are amazing.
Seriously, this is one of my favorite places to just waltz up to the bar, hang out and dine by myself.I love the decor-- many items are made from recycled materials and reused products...so eclectic and wait til you go into the bathroom-- you feel like you are at the beach!The food type is a fusion between Turkish and Mexico, I say Guadalajara as I was told by the bartender. Now this fusion works an amazing medley of flavors and spices!My all time favorites are the Shrimp Taco's, the Octopus and more recently the Duck!I went a few weeks ago with a girlfriend (her first time) and she fell in love with the place. The ricochet of flavors and combined culture overwhelmed both our appetites and we were happily satiated!The wines are pretty good. I had the Malbec and I believe on Tues or Weds night they do have a little 'happy hour' with discounts off their wines.And we definitely topped off our fab dinner with the delectable cheesecake...so rich and not too filling! Get it, and don't think twice about it. I've tried the fondu and its good, but nothing totally out of the ordinary so go for spectacular and try the cheesecake!Its a great atmosphere and cool joint in the Mission. The staff are super friendly.Sit at the bar if you can vs the front room (where the chef's are) because its more lively and more cool stuff to look at.Let me know if you figure out what those spoons at the top of the ceiling corner are for!
Lolo has possibly the worst hostess I've encountered in SF. Twice I've stopped in to eat there and had her tell me (very rudely) that the wait was an hour when there were many empty tables in the restaurant. The first time I left, but walked by 40 minutes later and saw the same tables still empty. The second time I decided to wait and hung around outside until she ultimately sat us at the bar. While we ate, I watched as three tables remained empty. When I left, all three tables were still vacant. Food wasn't good enough to compensate for the bad attitude.
Charming tiny little restaurant in the Mish. Well executed food. Price is not bad.A good medium-tiered value restaurant. The venison and octopus were highlights and highly recommended.
I have to give it 5 stars simply because I've never paid the bill there. It IS quite pricey.
With no sign and a dark blue exterior, Lolo had gone completely unnoticed by me in my daily trips up 22nd Street for coffee and burritos.Apparently, they are only 3 months old, and I am so glad I discovered this awesome space.The decor is cute, I felt like I was either at a garage party or in a retro hair salon, or both at once.The food was delicious, from the arugula salad to the huitlacoche (gross in theory, yummy in practice!) dumplings to the chili lime mahi mahi, I was very impressed.Everyone working there was really friendly and attentive, and although it cost more than I would regularly drop for dinner, it is a great place to know about when you feel like a fancy, but not so fancy you have to dress up, date night!
Lolo's is a kitschy tapas place in the Mission. Kitschy meaning we sat on lawn chairs and there were dozens of rubber kitchen gloves nailed to turf on the walls. I looooved it! We had the zucchini cakes, ceviche, lamb slider, beets, and ricotta fried dumplings. I liked the lamb slider and dumplings the most. Their mojito is very tasty as well. Good place for a date night. :)
I ate here last night. I was looking for a bistro-ey type of place: Decent wine, smallish plates of better than average food, but not a zillion dollars. I go here, and am delivered just this. Got a decent bottle of wine, and then the fried shrimp app was recommended by the bartender, and true to form, it was amazing. They used sliced jicama as a tortilla substitute! I liked the creativity right away. One entree was flank steak in a strawberry/peach mole. Very cool! Tasty, too. BUT, it should have been on the appetizer side. It was small, and overpriced. I'll pay more for a better cut any day, but plain and simply overpriced. No biggy!The next entree was the seafood stew dish. It was 5 mussels, some mini-scallops, some Mahi, and some rameny looking noodles. The broth had almost no flavor itself. The serving dish was awkward - a mini pot with vertical walls. Bad usability on the dish front. Cute and clever, but gimme a bowl so I can get my utensil in there.Dessert was the cheesecake, which ruled. Service was terrific, decor not my style but interesting enough, and it was what I was looking for. While the entrees weren't thrilling, I'll be back to try out the other items and enjoy the informal atmosphere.
Has taken Mexican cuisine to a new level. The sparkling sangria is delicious, the carnitas so rich. Best of all it is a Mexican american owned business, wish I could say the same for the all the yuppy, hipster businesses popping up on valencia. if we don't do something about it, the mission will look like north beach in 10 years.
While I did enjoy my dining experience at Lolo, I must admit that for the most part, I found the food to be lacking a little something. If I could give half stars, I'd give Lolo a 3.5. Here's what we had.Octopus Tiradito - Very interesting. It was as if a whole octopus was pressed into a ball and then was very thinly sliced and drenched in oil, salt and spices, and topped with a spicy mayo (think mayo & sriracha). It was unique and flavorful, but a bit too salty and definitely too oily in my opinion. Eating it in combination with the bread was a must.Huitlacoche (Corn Truffles) and Ricotta Dumplings - I was very excited to try these, but honestly, I expected much more out of them. Our server told us that they were "lightly pan fried". Perhaps these were fried in a pan, but in my book, lightly pan fried does not mean pan fried in an inch of oil. Not only was I disappointed by the, in my opinion, overly fried aspect of the dumplings, but I found the filling to be bland in flavor, and dipping sauce served alongside didn't do much to make up for it.Duck confit tacos - These were a little too simple in my opinion, although definitely tasty, and I'm always a big fan of interactive food. The duck confit, corn tortillas, cilantro, and sauce are all served separately and you get to construct your own tacos. I found the duck confit to be on the oily side, but still enjoyable, and likened the pulled-duck meat to a duck "carnitas". Panko Fried Shrimp Tacos - Although the shrimp were fried, the jicama "taco" shell did well in lightening up this dish. It was a little messy, but well worth it and my only real complaint is that there were only 2 on the plate.
I realize that I've been reviewing quite a number of bars lately, but I swear I do eat, and I actually really like going out to eat. So I was delighted when a friend took me out to dinner Saturday night to this hip little Mission tapas spot. It's reasonably cheap, Latin-American fusion-fabulous; and boasts both a funky decor and cool servers.Easily the best dish we tried was panko-crusted shrimp, served with a delicious chipotle-chili aoili, mango salsa, and a squeeze of lemon over a crunchy slice of jicama. There was a lot going on, all of it good. I'd also recommend the chorizo-stuffed dates (truly a marriage of the Turkish and Mexican owners): it works perfectly. Unlike when stuffed with cheese or marzipan, the dates here are mellow and not too sweet, and the chorizo was delicious. I didn't particularly care for the radicchio and arugula salad; the radicchio made the salad too bitter (it's often better cooked), and overshadowed the more delicate flavors of dried cherries, goat and feta cheeses. It was also under-dressed. Wine selections are decent; although with what we ordered the young syrah was not an ideal choice. And one small suggestion for the house: change that black bean puree you're serving the bread with. It lacks visual appeal or enough flavor to whet your appetite. Butter or olive oil would be a better choice. (Or something turkish, such as lavash with an infused olive oil.)
Yummy. So good. I have been looking for a place that has awesome Turkish food. It brings back fond memories of my trip to Istanbul. Although this place is a fusion it was still a good choice. This place is pretty kitschy (love that word) which is a good thing in my book.
AWESOME. Food was creative and delicious, the service was knowledgeable and spot on, the decor was fun and artistic, and .. get this .. 6 of us just showed up 7:30pm on friday night and no wait.  But that won't last long, since its only a few weeks old and the whole place has like 8 tables.  The menu was short but really creative. They even had wine pairings listed for your convenience. Lemme list the food the 6 of us had:- Pablo-encrusted, spice-dusted flash-fried shrimp taco - AWESOME- Seared scallops - AWESOME (tasted almost like steak)- Antep pistachio encrusted salmon - AWESOME (bit of crunch matched salmon well)- Ricotta stuffed dumplings with roasted pepper, tomato, squash blossom sauce - AWESOME (smooth and creamy)- Octopus with Maras pepper flakes and Cascabel aioli - AWESOME (and i normally don't like octopus)- Flank steak with peach and strawberry mole - AWESOME (altho i preferred my bite of steak with the reduction on the plate more than the mole sauce in the cup)- Tongue with roasted Poblano curry - AWESOME (curry was bit Indian/thai)Things I'll try next time include - flash fried calamari, heirloom tomatoes and feta mousse, one of the salads, venison carpaccio, yuca-thai grilled Opah. Mmmmmm....Prices were $6-10 for apps, and $15-$19 for entrees. Bottles of wine $30 and up.
Super cute and sooooo hipster artsy mission....from the spoons nailed to the wall and the wallpaper of mexican lottery results. We had the huitachole dumplings, which were a tasy high end version of gino's pizza rolls (and I mean that in the best way possible), the chorizo stuffed dates, and the three-meat bites, which came with a side of soup mushroomy dip. gratis: toasted baguette and a spread of black beans, a bit bland. Beer and wine available.
I just want to know one thing: How did they come up with corn mouse? EXQUISITE!!!!
Went here on a first date a while back, the selection of food is great. If your date is adventurous this is a perfect place. The wait staff is very good and attentive. The wine list has a strong variety from all over the world. I will say the sangria was disappointing, what sangria has seltzer in it? The places is small, so I would recommend you have reservation.
I found this place to be highly overrated. We got a seat at the bar. The place's decor is very interesting. But the drinks and the and the food were a huge let down. We got a sparkling wine sangria and a cocktail with basil, pineapple and vodka. Both were very average. For food, we got guacamole which was too sour. The shrimp tacos were tasty.  Don't think I will be going back.
Delicious Food! Open late! I've been here twice and first their service is amazing! Always incredibly nice and efficient. It's a small but cozy spot with great ambience for a group or cozy dinner for two. I love their presentation and food wise the Mesquite tacos and the carnitas are amaaaaaaaazing!! I mean blue corn tortillas! I die for any place that serves anything blue corn. The only thing they could improve on are the gambas bravas. They were too oily and lacked flavor. Otherwise this is one of my favorite places in the mission.
This place is just wonderful. Gorgeous decor, excellent service and the food is delicioso!!! Yumm!!!!!! This is a great place for a date.
Fun atmosphere. Got seated right away (after making a reservation ahead of time). They were quick and friendly. The food was awesome! I would recommend the sliders, crab tostadas, gorditas, and meatballs! Yum. Would definitely go back.
A great little place to grab some small plates. The food is a bit pricey, but the preparation is original and extremely tasty. The four of us had several different plates and the octopus, ceviche, and carnitas were excellent. Everything else was very good. The decor is hipster deluxe which you'll either love or find annoying (I liked it). The service was very friendly, though like other reviewers we basically asked to leave so another party could be seated (granted we were there for three hours). I also wished they had a better drink selection because they only had a few beers and wines to offer. Just the same I think it's a safe bet that we'll be trying this place again if/when we're in the neighborhood.
I've been here twice the 2nd time service was awful. They did have a nice salad and the brussels sprouts were yummy, but my main course never came out! After waiting 40 minutes I asked the waiter and he said it was almost done. Then I watched as he went to put the order in! Lame.
This place was randomly found. We were actually looking for a park and found this place and decided to try it. THIS FOOD WAS SOOOOOO GOOD!The shrimp tacos (Tropical Taco), yeah we ordered 2. The salmon was great, the wasabi cream sauce was matched perfect with the deep fried seared salmon. Then we had the shrimp and scollop sope? I think it was called but it was sooooooo good. The pepper aloli sauce gave me everything I needed!Enjoyed 2 glasses of wine and the ambiance was great and the decor was very well put together. I would mos def recommend this place and will definitely be back! For a random discovery I must say it is a San Francisco hidden treasure. PS. I mean the bathroom had one of those nature cds playing of tropical beach waves, how relaxing lol.
We ate on the 10th night they were open for business.  The server recommended a great wine and the panko crusted shrip taco which was fantastic! We also tried the venison carppaccio and a green salad with a really great dressing.  The quirky decor is a feast for the eyes and all the bright colors can't help but put you in a good mood. Not to mention the staff is lovely too! This is my new favorite spot for a quick and delicious bite to eat and a nice glass of wine.
Ok...so I was lured in by the owner who learned casually on the doorframe, a real life Mexican Penelope Cruz! Was it the food or the 80 degree balmy full moon night that brought us back to Barcelona, Mexico City, Rio, South Beach.... I'm a little reluctant to post this, because the place is small, and the hype and my wait time are bound to increase at an accelerated pace by these kinds of Yelp reviews, but I figure it's inevitable anyway: Lolo is hands down awesome. We were on a Mexican food binge, dining at places around the bay for seven consecutive days, and this was the best. But even if you show up on a more typical San Francisco evening (try foggy and 54) you're bound to get caught up in the warmth of the dcor, the staff, and the food.And then there's the bathroom... This kind of eclectic inventiveness Lolo brings to the neighborhood is what puts San Francisco on the food map!
Best new restaurant I have tried in some time. When I first heard it was Mexican Turkish fusion I was a little frightened, but as soon as I walked in the door I knew I was in a good spot.Awesome decor, art, and soothing tropical bathroom. Nice bar as well for drinks and appies or to eat at.Being from SD my bf and I hold a very special and distinct view of real Mexican cuisine. This by far is the best fancy Mexican spot we have food up here. The Huitlacoche and ricotta-stuffed Dumplings are the single best appie I have found. It is a fungus that grows on corn so kinda like a Mexican corn truffle. It was a such a great new and unique ingredient I wish it was in everything! I also loved loved loved the duck confit tacos.Also they have a great bubbly syrah which I have not see on too many menus outside of Napa. So yes run to check this place out, great for dates or bringing out of towners to a fun and unique spot in the Mission.
Quite possibly the most perfectest dining experience ever. Started out with warmed bread sliced into bite sized morsels with a roasted pepper, tomatoey? Pestoey? dipping sauce. Followed up with giant scallops with another tasty sauce which was entirely different. Some Mexican corn fungus dumpling thing w yet another tasty sauce. Mahi mahi w, u guessed it, another sauce. A few other tapas style dishes and some pink wine. Yes I've over simplified things at this cozy place with nice art, decorations and mirrors. The 22nd street corridor is arguably cooler than 16th and Valencia. Plenty of hip restaurants, bars, other shops and less bratty hipsters. The only critiques would be a full liquor license, more space (tables were jammed in) and our server kinda rushed us a bit although there were empty tables there...Bottom line: damn tasty food, ambiance, reasonably priced and a hop, skip and a jump to other mission nightlife such as medjool, brunos yada yada.If you ain't gettin' some after taking your date there you need to talk less and eat more.
It was a lovely night in the Mission. We were not in the mood for food, but as others have before us, we were lured into Lo Lo by one of the friendly owners who pointed out the finer details of the place to us (for all of you who haven't been - everything is recycled, I mean EVERYTHING, with the exception of the plates and glasses, and the food, as I have been assured).The people running this are really super friendly and the menu sounds creative. The say it's all local organic food. Somehow we ended up at the bar, and a little bit later an uber hip patron who ate there the second time in the two weeks Lo Lo had been open.That's where things went downhill.Usually I am not one to complain about service, but for Lo Lo I will make an exception. Granted, they are likely still figuring it out at this point, but being second in line after someone who arrived 10 minutes after you is just not doing it for me. Seriously - I get it how you're excited when someone comes back a second time within the first two weeks you're in business - but don't you want me to come back as well?Anywho. We ordered the dumplings and the tacos as an appetizer. I really liked the idea of wrapping the tacos in jicama, and the shrimps and salsa are a nice contrast to freshness of the wrapping. The tacos definitely deserve 4.5 stars!Unfortunately that was the highlight of the meal. The dumplings were so-so and smothered by the sauce. Both of us are experimental eaters, so I had ordered the beef tongue which was completely overwhelmed by a very peppery sauce that didn't seem to have anything to do with the meat. A similar scenario presented itself with the duck, only that in this case the duck was cooked to the point that it might as well have been beef, or maybe fried potatoes for that matter.So what's a guy supposed to say?Uber kool decor? I'd say a thumbs up for the concept, thumbs down for the implementation.The food? Thumbs up for aspiration, thumbs down for implementation (maybe they had an 'off' night, or we ordered the wrong things, but hey, that's all I got to try).The service? Thumbs up for a friendly welcome, thumbs down for any sort of follow up.Unfortunately implementation and follow up are more important. Hence two stars.I hope they'll get their act together, 'cause they're definitely trying to be different.
yup yup...I was at Lolo' yesterday for friend's BD dinner. It was good experience having food here. nice deco' +nice people+excellent food= happy meal!!!...fried brussel sprout is excellent...patatas potatoes something is perfect for appetizer..I almost passed out once I had that "Sultan likes Lolita". IT WAS SO GOOD!!! It was the best "meatball" type I ever have so far. Will be coming here soon for the next new menu...
As glad as I am to see the disgrace that was Vogalonga replaced with something more interesting, Lolo just doesn't do it for me. It's cute, but it's all about the food, ain't it? The bright colors certainly do evoke Mexico City, and the food sounds inventive, but just doesn't taste all that great. We had octopus sliced thin (too much vinegar and pepper), huitlacoche ravioli (interesting, but it's a bit of a gimmick), beet salad (nothing special here), and mahi mahi (again, nothing special). On the walk home we both noticed that we had sort of a bad taste in our mouths (literally). Definitely not a repeat, not at all. The owners should have checked into the history of the location - definitely a bit of a hex there.
I found this place on Yelp and was able to get a reservation for 6:30 on Saturday night (a nice surprise). The entire experience was great! The restaurant itself is so cute, with outside (heated) seating areas on the sidewalk, two little rooms indoors, and a fun bar seating area. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable, and the food was really fantastic. We ordered a special - softshell crab tacos - which were crispy, flavorful, and juicy. The Huitlacoche ravioli are unusual, savory and rich. The artichoke was also yummy. My only two minor disappointments: (1) the mussels were good, but not fantastic - I've had better elsewhere; (2) the restaurant has wine on tap, but only sells it by the glass, so if you want more than one glass there's no way to order a carafe and you just need to buy a bottle since it's not worth having the house wine. The food and wine are a bit on the pricey side, especially for the Mission, since you need to get 4 small plates for two people, but I thought it was worth it and I'll go back soon!
I'm not normally inspired to write real reviews, blah, who cares? I adore this place though. There are two reason's to love this Lolo: the shrimp tacos with the jicama shells (so flavorful!) and the cheesecake, the tiniest but best ever sliver of cheesecake!We just got back from here w/ my mother-in-law who's not normally a fan of food in general (I know, I can't imagine!) and she left saying she wanted to learn all their secrets. I haven't been back here for a while, but I think this place is going to be moved into the top of my favorites to share with all my friends.This is the type of establishment where you feel the love the proprietors have for their little place and the service is earnest. I'm so happy we have places like this in the hood. Creative in all sorts of ways, and for the most part well executed, the food and the decor. They play off nicely with each other, making for a fun, memorable dining experience.
Yum Yumity Yum Yum. Been here a couple times- had a full meal the first time which consisted of many small dishes. The most memorable was the Heirloom Tomatoes. I was really surprised that they were SO GOOD. I'm just waiting until they have those on the menu again!! On my second visit, I had a great glass of wine with some baked Brie. YUM. I L-O-V-E Brie Cheese and this was nothing short of perfection. It was nice and warm and melted to the perfect spreading consistency....anyway, let me just say that this place knows whats up and knows how to fill a restaurant. Every time I come the place is packed! I think I need to get on their non existent mailing list so I know when the heirloom tomatoes are back in business...
The only problem I had with eating here is that it was all over too soon... : )The dishes came out super fast and we scarfed everything down in record time and ordered a second round...service was great as well; we didn't have a reservation, so we had a drink down the street and they called us after just 25 minutes of a estimated 45 minute wait time.First wave:Octopus tiraditoHuitlacoche dumplings (in wonton skin)Duck confit tacosZucchini cakes with mint aioliGruner Veltliner (went really well with all of the above)Second wave:Panko fried shrimp on jicama tacosVenison carpaccio with portobella chipsChocolate covered espresso bean tiramisuIf I were to list the must haves from what we had, it'd be the octo tiradito, huitlacoche, and shrimp tacos, but everything was great. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu. They don't skimp on the spice levels and all the dishes were extremely well balanced (especially the acid in the tiradito - there was a perfect amount of lime in there).I hope they try for a full liquor license -- I imagine they could craft some fabulous drinks to accompany this kind of food.
I love this place. The tacos tropical is a dish that often makes it's way into my dreams at night. The duck confit tacos are also fantastic- the duck falls apart but is not greasy at all. The baked brie is deliciously crunchy on the outside and perfectly gooey on the inside. We ate it right off the fork when we ran out of bread. The scallops are also succulant. Be sure to ask the seasoned wait staff for wine recommendations- you won't be sorry. Finish the night off with a cup of French press coffee that matches the best cup I've ever had in my life. Bethanny provided us with seamless service and genuine hospitality.
Trendy, organic , and yummy - best hidden gem in the mission . Definitely coming back here
This place is charming. No other word for it. A quirky unpretentious vibe, it's managed well and the food is creative & fun but also well-executed and not too fussy.I tried to make a reservation online and it didn't work. It was for the next day, for a party of 8. I left a message. They called me back the next morning saying it would be no problem. When we got there, all was ready.The food was AMAZING. the pistachio crusted salmon and the shrimp tacos especially. The zucchini cakes were heavy but toothsome and good. The endive and halloumi salad was sublime (but small). I don't eat other meats than fish but the meat-eaters liked their things too. the desserts were also stellar (oh, the trifle! and some kind of bread pudding thingy? I can't even remember), and the coffee was great. The turkish/mexican thing works quite well though I wouldn't have thought so.it's not cheap, and the servings aren't huge, but i t's manageable. I would rather go here on a special occasion than somewhere more fancyschmancy, but that's how I roll. I like the whimsical design and the laid-back atmosphere. I normally don't say much about service, but these guys deserve extra praise for handling our table. A couple of our guests were perhaps not such gourmets, and weirded out by the seared salmon that was raw in the middle. They sent it back asking for it to be cooked through, which the server and the chef did without any attitude, perfectly cheerfully. I know that it's meant to be raw in the middle, but I appreciated that in the moment the customer deserve the best experience possible, even if it doesn't accord with the chef's vision. Big praise to them for handling it in such a laid-back and nice manner. Also the chef managed without overcooking it - the salmon was still nice and juicy!I also liked that the owner or manager had a Mad Professor shirt on - now if only they would give me a discount if I made them a dub mixtape..
Hands down my favorite restaurant in SF. Every dish we've had there is an interesting combination of both spice & texture. I'm not a fan of small food, but by having most dishes as reasonably-priced, tapas-sized portions you get the opportunity to taste a wide variety of stuff. That said, I could eat the tacos tropical ALL DAY- don't leave there without trying them.
Food: Mediocre to Tasty, depending on what you get (the best thing is the tacos - great flavor and texture; avoid the Salmon fritter things)Drinks: Just 'Eh', since the wine-by-the-glass menu is limitedAmbiance: I guess you could call it cute, or mission-hip or something, but it seems like the place is having a little trouble defining itself. It looks a little like Ikea threw up in there.If you are in the neighborhood and want to rest your feet, I guess hop in. But if you walk a block or two in any direction from this place, you're likely to find a better meal at a better value.
Kristen and her staff are very friendly and trying new things here. All of the decor comes from re-cycled and re-furbished products. We sat in the front room with the cozy move able booth type seats covered in Mexican blankets. The bird mirrors on the wall were cut from old mirrors and I love the can labels on the bathroom door. At first glance I thought this place only had 3 tables right next to the kitchen, but found a whole nother room with a long bar and more tables. They also serve their water in tall bottles they leave on your table (nice touch)I have to admit the group was a bit tipsy on arrival so there are probably more details that would be good to remember but here's what I know.Bread served with a tasty sun dried tomato sauce. We tried the dumplings, the shrimp tacos in a jicama shell, the octopus and the heirloom tomatoes with goat cheese. All of the sauces they use here are very unique. I didn't try the octopus, but everything else was tasty.For dinner, I had the scallop appetizer - there were only 2 so don't have it for dinner if you didn't have other stuff to eat too. Others at the table got the flank steak with shoestring type potatoes, salad, halibut in a spicy sauce and something else I'm forgetting. The sauce for the steak was interesting - mole made with peaches and strawberries - seemed a bit better for the potatoes vs the steak. The halibut sauce had a lot of kick, but it didn't necessarily bring out the halibut flavor. The ideas are a great and as with any new place - they are working out the kinks and improving as they go along. Since they get a lot of food locally, their menu will vary depending on what they get - good concept to keep things fresh.For dessert we tried both - can't remember the names - one was like an espresso tiramisu and the other was a light refreshing mousse like cake. Both were tasty.Lastly - they are not trying to be pretentious - it's the mission - who does that. With wine and beer and all our appetizers, it was only $40/per person. Not bad for a last minute dinner for 8. Things to note: they don't take reservations, they only serve beer and wine, go with a few people so you can try a bunch of things.
Loved this place. The food was beautiful fresh and o so tasty! We went on a Wednesday and all of their tables had reservations (one of them was ours). So make yours soon!
A fun place to eat in the heart of Hipsterville....22nd and Mission. Great food, nice wine selection, good service. The food is a mix of Mexican and Turkish influences, so you get a lot of spice and interesting flavors mixed together - really creative and high quality.Downsides:* Short pours on wines by the glass - about half what you should get for $10/glass - so COMPLAIN to the management* Takes a while to seat you - mostly because the place is small and they seem to have a hard time managing their flowOverall - good for a date night, and good for foodies.
Excellent small plates
loved: the decor (made from recycled paper, mexican chotchkes and other kitschy knick-knacks.also loved: the wine. we had a malbec that was amazing.and finally, adored: the ceviche, the Huitlacoche and ricotta stuffed half-moons of awesome, lamb sliders.didn't heart: the tuna tostada, which had a splooge of mayo or some other creamy goo on it and the zuchinni cake, that was just way too fried for me.service: felt really rushed. almost all our courses came out at the same time and we felt like they wanted us to scarf our food and get the hell outta dodge.
Must have dish: Taco Tropical.The first time we ordered it, we were skeptical. Menu description was: Flash-fried panko-crusted Shrimp, Tropical Salsa, Jicama, Chili Aioli. I mean, sounds pretty plain-Jane, nothing spectacular. Then the plate is served... and it is beyond words. I am salivating thinking about it and writing this...It is a thinly sliced piece of jicama, which serves as the "tortilla" of the taco. A beautifully, perfectly cooked piece of shrimp is on top, adorned with a perfectly balanced, citrusy mango and pineapple salsa, a small squeeze of chili aioli which provides a little creaminess and spiciness. Served with a pico pico dipped lemon wedge, which when you squeeze it onto your "taco" creates the most delicious form of hot sauce. It is love at first bite. Honestly, it is the most delicious little piece of heaven. We ordered 2 more plates, which in our book, is the true sign of perfection! It is probably the most creative, delicious dish we've had in 2 years. Second must have dish: The cheesecake. We ordered it on a whim, and let me say, BEST CHEESECAKE EVER. Even if you think you are full, order it, you will not be disappointed.We've had most everything on the menu, but these two items will keep us coming back forever.
This was a good not great experience. I went because I was searching for a new wine bar that had more than cheese for a snack. The food was good. The service was prompt. The setting was eclectic and interesting. The wine left alot to be desired. Both of us were disappointed in the scope of the choices (they have about 7 wines by the glass and a total list of maybe 12-14) and the quality of what we got. I was also a little annoyed with how much effort they put into trying to turn over our table. I appreciate good service, but being practically carried out the door is not helpful. Billing a place as a wine bar says that it has a large selection of wines and plenty of time/space for people to hang out without having to "turn" a table. Fix the wine list, and give me some time to enjoy my food and company and I'd give it 5 stars.
Second time in a month we dined at Lolo. GREAT food and tapas. Flavor profiles are amazing. The recommended wine went perfectly and was reasonably priced. Only negative is part of the territory with places over in that area: limited space for seating. Tables a little cramped. However, this makes for great intimate conversation, and is more than outweighed by the fabulous food and service.
This was the most comfortable place with delicious food! You would never know this place had such a great menu from just walking by, which is just how i like it. Everything was decorated in bright colors, with palm trees stenciled on the floors and even a beach scene in the bathroom (oh, and the sounds of the beach -- creepy). How cute -- they bring you the check in a book about dogs! We had the shrimp tacos (with jicama tortillas- yum), octopus, and duck confit, and our bottle of wine was under $30 and great with the food! How can you beat that? Every bite had complex and delicious flavor, and the waiters were so attentive (not too much, like some places i've been to)... i'd say a great date spot or just a fun place with friends..
innovative. delicious. fresh. bright. I love LoLo, its always a small adventure with the creative foods and delicious drinks. If you want a casual spot that will provide an extraoridnary experience hit them up.
What a great find! I first heard of Lolo when my hairdresser mentioned it as his new favorite casual restaurant and you can be sure he knows his restaurants as well as he knows how to cut hair! I read the reviews on yelp and was skeptical when I read the description of the cuisine to be such a mumbo-jumbo of nationalities, but this also attracted me more to the restaurant. Not surprisingly, all the of the tables for 7pm were reserved when I called around 4:30, but we got seats at the bar as we walked in (at 7:30 on a Saturday night).The decor is very nice. I was expecting more of a Front Porch-like atmosphere from the descriptions, but even though there are a lot of tchotckies on the walls, the room still manages to be clean and crisp, just with lots of colors... The food and service were both really great. The panko-crusted shrimp in jicama "taco shell" was definitely the best item of the night, but all of the other dishes deserve all the stars I've given it. Naturally, when speaking to the owner I *had* to bring up the use of jicama as taco shells on Top Chef and he said that his chef has been doing this for the last three years. So eat that, Rick Bayless...I will definitely be going back to Lolo again and again.
After reading very good reviews by lots of yelpers, I desided to go try it out.I called and left a message asking for a reservation (no live person answering the phone), and didn't get a call back. So the next day I just showed up. Told me they take reservations a week in advance...Was told 40 min wait for walk ins, but there was the option of a table outside on the side walk which made sense at the time. It was a bit chilly (could do with some outside heaters) but we were dressed for the occasion. Anyway, shrimp very good and spicy. Plate of vegetables not so good. Carpaccio of venison was amazing, ordered it twice! and the dessert of tiramisu with chocolate covered coffee beans was amazingly good!
Oh. My. Went here for brunch last weekend and *loved* it. The Taco Tropical was flash fried shrimp with chipotle aoli (sp?) and tropical salsa, served on a thin slice of jacima. The jacima proved to be excellent, as a tortilla would have blown away the other flavors. M had a green egg thing (sorry, can't remember the name), which was quite tasty as well. Tea was good, coffee OK (hey, there's Ritual around the corner; I'm a snob, I know). Pleasant wait staff, and all around fun decor. We can't wait to try dinner.
Not only was the food fantastic, the decor is interesting and the service is excellent. The chef wasn't happy with the way our fish turned out and didn't have any remaining fish to re-cook the dish; rather than serving sub-par food, he apologized several times and offered us our choice of replacement entrees gratis.And as everyone else has noted, the jicama tacos and gyoza are fantastic. I also loved the duck confit fajitas.
First time here, everything was fantastic, we ordered a variety of small plates, and every single one was wonderful. (including some my friend ordered, that I normally wouldn't have tried).Second time, food was good, a couple of misses, some were great. The chocolate fondue for dessert was unbelievably good, and will be enough to get me to go back. (note that dinner was fine, we were being adventurous and ordering things we weren't familiar with. So not loving everything is to be expected).I'll definitely try it again.
Two words: "Taco Tropical"... It's a must have if you are in the area. Kinda pricey, but definitely worth it.
Freaking great. Shrimp tacos are not to be missed. The deer carpaccio was exceptional. Truly, everything was fantastic, and I can't wait to go back. It is inexpensive, too! The wine list could stand to be a bit beefier, but the two I had - a unique sparkling syrah and a $10/glass cab - were wonderful and well sutied to the meal. My friend told me not to review this place because she lives nearby and she wants it to herself but I'm afraid, even after being open only for a couple weeks, it's too late. Lolo is here to stay! Woo hoo!
We just popped in on a Tuesday night on the off chance a seating for six was possible and voila! My new favorite streetside dining at what may be my new global favorito! The tamarind mescalito got my fantods a roaring straight out of the gates. I mean, this little mama is the deal. Like a smoky memory from childhood, where you are burning naughty things with your friends by the creek and then your friends just pour Mescal and salty chili on the whole deal and you all stand around in the smoke laughing and drinking the most delightful dream elixir ever. It is just like that and so have two. You can sit on the street, under the heaters and be mesmerized by the dancing spangles of the Make-Out Club while sumptuous dish after sumptuous dish floats across the table. I won't spell out the menu details because that would be pointless. It's the wrap-around pan-palate that puts the ribbon on the package and mails it off to never never land for good and for keeps. The deal is ethereal and groovy and down, making it straight on the best dining out experience of the year to date.
Interesting decor. Food tasted great! Inventive plates. Aloof service.
We went to Lolo twice in a matter of months and both times we had an excellent meal and wonderful service. Some of our favorites were the mini lamb sliders, tuna tacon and their guacamole. They also have an amazing cheesecake...definitely try the cheesecake over the other desserts.
Mostly small plates with beautiful presentations. They start you with bread and a tomato dipping sauce (bisque-like). We had an arugula salad and fried brussels sprouts with vinegar to begin. Both were very good. Our next plates were the tuna tacon and crusted salmon. Against one another, we liked the tuna a bit more, but, again, interesting and flavorful on both counts. Then we had the scallops and tomatillo on a tortilla, which was delicious and finished with a nice kick. The dessert was a fondue pot of bittersweet chocolate with berries and a date bread for dipping. Yummy and only $7. The staff is friendly and attentive. Reasonable ($60 with a glass of wine) and deliciious. We will be back to try the other selections on the menu.
Lovin' the LoLo!I was bummed that my previous little Mission treasure, Vogolanga (the previous tenant), had shut down, but found out that a friend of mine had actually opened up the latest restaurant to inhabit that space, Lolo. It took me a couple of months to get there, but when I finally did, I was not disappointed (save for the fact that I didn't get comped for anything! - jk, Merdol!)The dishes were very creative and full of interesting flavor combinations. I'd highly recommend the shrimp tacos--a tangy smorgasbord of tomatoey goodness, the venison carpaccio--so earthy and rich it must have been prepared by gnomes, the salad--so fresh and leafy, it would put the Green party to shame, and the saffron seafood soup--an amber ocean that washes over the tongue. The only thing I was not overly impressed with was the wasabi salmon--a little light on the wasabi for my tastes. Casual dining, great food, quirky decor, and friendly service (and reasonable prices) all add up to a new neighborhood fave! Lolo for Lolo. Make sure to check out the bathroom while your there--it's like relieving yourself in the ocean...
Another pretentious foofoo food restaurant with no taste. I don't mind them adding 3 adjectives per ingredient to make the food sound fancy. I don't mind paying. But in the end, if the food isn't delicious there's no point.We had the calamari, the "dumplings", the flank steak and the beef tongue. The calamari was flavorless and the sauces provided didn't make them much better. The dumplings were actually pretty good. If I had had an entire plate of those I'd probably have actually liked this place. The tongue was extremely tender but the curry sauce was bland.
This seemed like my kind of place - quirky decor, interesting menu, cozy atmosphere - but I didn't love it. I couldn't tell what they were trying to be - upscale tacqueria? fusion small plates restaurant? hipster hangout? I think they're trying to be all of the above but somehow it wasn't working for me. The food was just ok - except the simple happy boy salad which was great. The dumplings were just puffs of air that you dip in something whipped that didn't have any flavor. The three meat bites were meatballs that tasted like liver and fell apart. The seafood sopes were too bready and olivey. Nothing was downright bad; I'm just not anxious to go back. It's too bad, I was really hoping to love this place...
With no reservations on a Friday night at 8 pm, it took them about 15 minutes to call us when seats opened up at the bar and we chugged down our beer across the street and ran back to have some of the tastiest morsels we have had in a while. We shared the shrimp tacos, the scallops and the beef skewers. We each had a lovely glass of wine too and although we both wished for more food, we left happy and in awe of the flavor profiles of the food. I was particularly taken aback by the bitter orange and dill sauce that the scallops were swimming in...I wanted to tilt the plate into my mouth and slurp it up...I would have, if there were no other people around but you cant do that sort of thing in a public place. Besides the food, the service was very friendly. The host, the servers, and the bar tender were all very smiley and gracious. The ambiance is on the hipster side but in a cool way...the tiny restaurant is bustling and lively.Lolo would be perfect if they increased the portions by a tiny bit...for the price, you don't get a lot of food, but in my opinion, it is still worth trying.
Yum Yum! Just delicious!! Great food, great staff, just loved it!
$15 for the crab tostada. they should give 3 instead of 2, then I can rate this 4 stars because it was very tasty.
There certainly wasn't anything awful about our experience at Lolo but I expected more based on the ratings on Yelp. I would describe the food as average. I should have known from the multiple spelling errors on the menu that it wouldn't be excellent (lack of attention to detail). Our table of 4 shared the fried brussel sprouts, the tuna tacon, gambas bravas, wonton ravioli, and a roasted pepper dish (I can't recall what it was called). The only items that were really good and I would order again were the tuna tacon and the gambas bravas. Perhaps we didn't order well. The peppers dish shouldn't even be on the menu it was so unimpressive, untasty and uninteresting. The other items were OK. We had a table right by the front door. There is another room with a bar that seemed more more lively and interesting. Overall our experience was very mediocre and in a city filled with great restaurants, I wouldn't go back.
the dishes are thoughtfully constructed, and the service is fantastic.
Who would've thought that Mexican and Turkish food could be infused in such a unique way. Not only was the food bright and tasty, but the decor was really creative which made the restaurant even more appetizing. I felt like I was in Latin America with a NYC flare. Let's not forget the bathroom. Be sure to spend a moment in there as you wash up and and your auditory senses become surrounded by crashing waves on the beach. The food: The halibut dish was out of this world and so tasty that I couldn't help but to eat every morsel slowly while staring at the brightly colored arrangement on my plate. Even though the portions were not huge, I left feeling satisfied and not over-stuffed. Sadly, they were out of the duck confit, which for a Saturday night, I found rather odd. But I can't complain because we didn't have reservations and were seated immediately. We also tried the hoitloche dumplings (ravioli filled corn fungus type thing) which is a delicacy in Mexico. It was simple and light, but it could've used a bit more flavor.Others mentioned the wine list being pricey, but honestly, I found it to be on the average side in comparison to restaurants around the city.The staff was knowledgeable and our waitress was helpful. We skipped the desert, but it sure sounded delectable. This place is a must try! Check it out for yourself.
A great little place with interesting and reasonably priced food. Genre might be 'fun fusion' as the price level and decor is more aimed at attracting young people looking for something interesting and new, than epicureans.Walking by some sidewalk diners in the Mission one sunny day, I couldn't help but notice the baked brie dish and little stumps of toasts sticking up from their greens-loaded plates. So I duck inside LoLo with my dining partner. I had the house salad (red oak and mustard greens kinds of leaves with a sweet-spicy dressing/glaze) and flank steak slices with the chipotle mayo stuff. Lunch for two, including wine for two and 20% tip, was under $40. The place wasn't slammed, but it was close to full, yet the waitress gave lots of attention and smiles to both of us.The check came folded inside a thrift store book about Labrador Retrievers - whimsy a la Jared Hess.
I can't take my dad anywhere, but we had a really nice time here! The food is great, and so is the wine. I continue to come here with girlfriends, with my husband...groups or a date: the food is always exactly what my taste-buds desire, and the atmosphere is as charming as the Mission District can get. Love it!
Holy Moly this place blew my socks off! I loved their food!! I I was so surprised how every tapas plate that came out was super duper delicious!! The presentation was awesome, the quality of food and meat used was excellent, and the mix of flavors was amazing. Every bite seriously tasted heavenly. I enjoyed every dish (5 dishes on the menu we ordered + 2 desserts) that came out and none disappointed me!Their Crme brle with ice cream was amazing. I had to fight with my other friends for the last bite! :) There isn't a lot of space in the restaurant. I recommend you make reservations. My 3 other friends and I went on a Saturday night with reservations and we had to wait outside because there was no room to wait inside the restaurant. The decor of the restaurant is interesting apparently it's all recycled material. Definitely, not something you see at ordinary restaurants. I recommend checking out their bathroom (one unisex bathroom stall), it has a lot of art in it ...don't forget to look up at the rearview mirror collection. :)
This is a nice place. The food was delicious and the presentation beautiful. The staff was awesome - "no hoit-toity-we're a too-cool Mission joint vibe", that I am so tired of.  Enjoy the tuna tacons, they are oh so good, I am starting to salivate. I wonder they are open when I get off work. Oh, sorry. Anyway, the wine list is good too. We did not have desert but next time for sure. There will be a next time.
We tried almost everything on the menu and it was all delicious. I've never had better brussel sprouts and the steak was phenomenal. I don't eat shrimp but those at the table weren't so excited about the shrimp taco but raved about everything else. Great atmosphere topped off with great service.
Very enjoyable place. Good food at affordable prices; inventive menu with some unusual or rarely seen items in this area; very friendly/helpful service, eclectic decor. Highly recommended.I've eaten here two times, both times with a group of about 6 people.Both times, all the people at the table expressed great satisfaction with the food and the entire experience. All told, between the two occasions, we sampled the shrimp, the octopus tiradito, the seafood ceviche (ceviche mirasol), the huitlacoche, Turkish style meat skewers with sumac, the lamb slider, brussels sprouts, seafood tacos (tacos tropical), pistachio-encrusted salmon, roasted beets, and probably more things that I can't recall. ( A number of the dishes reminded me of Peruvian food.) Also had a Malbec wine. (They were out of the requested variety of Shiraz, but no biggie.)Your best bet is probably to get 2 of the smaller dishes so you can sample more of the menu without overdoing it. (note: the octopus tiradito is fabulous, but probably the tiniest amount of food of any of the dishes, so keep that in mind when ordering)
Seafood selections are Really Really GOOD! Whole Sea Bass is a aromatic treat, no other seasoning needed; pistacio encrusted baked Salmon is a delicate excuisite treat; seared Tuna is a gentle tasty enjoyment; and a salad included was an excellent counterpoint.  I will be returning for more tries.
Restaurant ambiance is very quaint and cozy, the service is good and the food is above average. The portion sizes are on the small size so if you are super hungry this might not be the best place for you. Considering what you get, the price is a little on the high side. All in all i had a good experience here.
It usually starts like this, a friend tells me that they have a "real foodie friend" coming for a visit and asks where to take them. This place has not lost yet. It appeals to all five senses, especially the Octopus Tiradito which melts in your mouth (I've found octopus to be very chewy if not cooked properly). Also, I can't remember what it's called but they have this corn fungus dish (I know, corn fungus right) that's to die for. The servers are all very knowledgeable with the food and wine.
I wanted to love this place. I really did. I'd been waiting a while to try Lolo, having heard a lot of good buzz around the place, and it is GOOD, but here are my complaints:1. The service was moving us through the meal at lightning speed. I'm sorry, but if I'm going to pay this amount of money, I want to savor the meal and find it in very poor form to receive my main while I'm still finishing my appetizer. Having finished our mains, and with still a half bottle of wine to get through, the waitress tried to get us to order our dessert. Um, I don't think so. 2. With service moving that fast, much of the food has to be par cooked to get it out to the table to quickly. It's a restaurant, they have to do their "mis en place", I get it. However, part of the problem with par cooking seafood is the tendency to have it sitting under the heater, staying warm, and inevitably being overcooked. The halibut I ordered, while surrounded with delicious tangy and fruity flavors, was totally dried up. Not acceptable.Having said all that, I would still go back to Lolo:1. Love the ambiance, decor and atmosphere2. Our appetizers were fantastic (ravioli filled with this corn fungus and a shrimp on tortilla concoction were both really good).3. Excellent wine advice and selection4. The portions were great (people, please stop associating price and quality with receiving a feed bucket worth of food)5. Dessert was amazing (quince and mascarpone terrine and espresso bean, tiramisu, chocolate mousse were sublime).My advice is to be wary of the seafood main courses, unless you're into dried up, chewy fish (in which case, go for it!) and avoid ordering your main course until you've finished your appetizer. And with that in mind, sit back and enjoy.
Been here tons of times and it only gets better. Best crew that makes you feel like family. They can talk great soccer, cook amazing food, pour the best of wines and make you feel like the only people in town.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I love this place - it has always lived up to my expectations. The menu is very eclectic and the food quality is excellent. The decor is funky, especially the inner room which has the bar. And the dog book bill holders are a nice touch. The menu items I really like are zucchini mucver cakes, pistachio encrusted salmon, huitlacoche and flank steak. My only minor concern is that there are not a whole lot of veggie options. A great little restaurant in the Mission!
Love this place. Never an hour wait for a table (ahem... Beretta). Portions are small but well worth it. Service is excellent. Menu is super inventive and not heavy.
Horrible service. Waited for an hour when they said half hour tops, then watched as a 4 person table sat empty as we continued to wait. Never got seated and decided to go up the street to Esperanto where we were promptly seated and served. I don't care how good the food is the service was terrible. Skip this one.
The food here is killer. I die for the octopus starter, thinly sliced, nicely seasoned and splattered with red mystery sauce. You will die too.Everything we have tried has been tasty and fresh, always with some nice inventive twist - it's Mexican-Turkish fusion don't-you-know - and you can get a decent steak which can be tricky in this neck of the woods (unless you like your steak chopped up, fried in grease and put in a burrito).The atmosphere and decor is cool but unpretentious. We seem to get the same charming waiter who attentive but unobtrusive and always remembers us. The house red is kick ass. They play background music that isn't coffee table jizztronica. Plus the restroom is cosy. And the bar areas is laminated with endless columns of numbers so you can pretend you are well arty / viewing the world as math / living in a world gone mad.You'll get the most out of the menu if you're in a group and can share several dishes around, rather than, you know, just ordering a big baked brie for your cheese-hungry little self. They call starters 'share' and mains 'share more' just so you get the idea. But it's not the place to come when you want to gorge on food without worrying about cost. (That said, it's reasonably priced compared to some of the wannabe restaurants in the area.)Anyway, the pain of paying is eased by some post-dinner amusement when your check arrives inside an old book about dogs covered in my hilarious graffiti. Don't get your hopes up too high: you might get one of the many other dog books knocking around with someone else's super lame graffiti inside. Accept no substitutes. That stuff is rubbish.
I love this place! The tuna tacon and taco tropical are to die for... but I have to say that my very favorite is the ceviche - perfect taste, perfect texture, perfect little crunchy fried crackers.For dessert, go for the dulce de leche ice cream and brioche... and don't plan on sharing it.
What's not to like about this place? Food is great. Pistachio encrusted salmon is amazing. Decor is captivating. I love it!
I was pretty impressed with this little place in the Mission. Of course, I was drinking champagne, which helped. Our waiter was excellent and the shrimp tacos and scallops were standouts. Also had the arugula salad and filet mignon. Everything was delicious. The decor is really quirky and unique. For example, our check came in a book about Shelties. It was a fun experience and we'll be back!
Went out here for a Friday night double date night per a recommendation from a friend. The food was so fun, flavorful and unexpected with influences from all over the globe (the website states Mexican and Turkish flusion, I believe). The menu items have a bit of kick as well so definitely take that into consideration. My party loved the shrimp tacos (instead of a tortilla - it's wrapped in a thin slice of jicama), duck confit (this had asian flavors) and the mahi. I would probably pass on the grilled shrimp next time. The decor was fun and lively and I love the vintage booths in the front dining room! We tried about 6 dishes plus a bottle of wine and it came out to $60 a couple which we also thought was very reasonable.
The ceviche is the best!! And they serve you this goat cheese-tomato sauce with any order, it's delicious!
My husband & I went here for the first time this weekend! Fun decor, very good wine, and tasty food! I look forward to going back soon!
Fantastic food and atmosphere. vary creative and unique menu, decore and atmosphere. Great Jicima Shrimp Tacos, I go here as a starter just for those. Great unique wine menu. A Sparkling Shiraz? Bring it!
best mexican restaurant in the city, in fact one of the best restaurants overall! the ambiance, the service and of course the food are outstanding!the most amazing combinations of flavors, don't miss taco tropical, tostada, ceviche, tiraditos de pulpo, carnitas, in fact, if you can, order the whole menu!
Tried this place last night and absolutely fell in love with it! I loved everything to how small and quaint the place was to the amazing food. We got the pine nut and goat cheese salad, the guacamole and the carnitas tacos, all amazing. The waitstaff was also so friendly and welcoming. I for sure will be coming back for more Lol soon!
Worth a visit solely for the shrimp tacos: a delicious balance of crispy, juicy fried shrimp with sweet/spicy salsa on what I think was a jicama "tortilla". Delicious!
Gourmet Mexican! Woo!Friendly staff, endearingly tacky decor, and inventive food that doesn't over-reach. Perhaps a little bit overpriced. But I still dream about those squash blossoms stuffed with pomegranate, mint, and creme fraiche. Good selection of wines. Go early and even on a Friday you might be able to get a eat without too much of a wait.
Great service and awesome creative food. I crave this place constantly. Love the tun tacon...actually I love any of the tacos they make and I'm person who hates tacos!
forgot how good food could be until I ate here, my friend and I sat at the bar and chatted up the owner and everything was so great, highly recommend it. Oh and the decor is great!
My friend and I liked everything about this restaurant. The style is imaginative international eclectic, our waiter Carlos gave us super advice, and the food was delicious. We had a quartet of appetizers: the shrimp, the scallops, a goat cheese pear salad, and dumplings stuffed with ricotta and huitlacoche (a fungus that grows on corn -- yes, you heard right). All yummy. And another cool thing is that there is a parking garage barely a block away, plus the Marsh Theater, where we went to see "Kiss My Booth."
My most recent Lolo experience way out-did my first 2 tries. Went with a group of 5 girls, sampled nearly everything, and there wasn't a dish we didn't like. The food seemed better and more consistent. The service more friendly and accommodating.
I loved it! The decor was amazing, hip and beautiful. The colors are bright and cheerful. I went last night when it was raining and cold, but it was so cozy inside! The staff was so nice and accommodating, the food was excellent! We sat at the bar, and our handsome waiter was chatting with us the whole night.And then we got the check in an old-school golden retriever book! We asked about what other books they had, and our waiter brought us a few others. He said that they like to give out books depending on how they like the customer, so be careful; if you get the book about the birds, they didn't like you!I can't wait to go there again!
Honestly one of the best restaurants in the city, and def. the BEST non-traditional Mexican restaurant in the city. the service was great (non-pretentious), the food was amazing and so were the drinks and the decor...well, you should check it out for yourself. i will def. be recommending this spot and taking visitors from out of town here from now on on. Sad that after all these years i'm just discovering it but GLAD that i have. please go. My only minus is it doesn't open til 6pm.
Not bad. We tried a ton of different dishes, and the amazing great fantabulous standout was the tropical tacos. Everything else was good but not overwhelmingly so - the baked brie, pork chop, beef skewers, etc ...
OMG it's a good thing I live across the city from this place or I'd never try eating anywhere else. I went here after a friend chose this place for another friends' birthday. When I had it sold to me it was described as a "turkish/mexican fusion"- and while both of those are my 2 favorite genres of food, even I was skeptical. Very limited menu and I admit, nothing stuck out as exciting. However, my friend made several recommendations and I after hearing her glowing review of the ahi tacos I decided to select that. Now my friend gave me the disclaimer that she actually craves these tacos- I again was skeptical cause- who craves tacos? Well now I know- I do! I CRAVE these tacos!! I don't like to talk about this place since I fear that it will become another overhyped place, but I can't stop talking about it- and I went there in July! Only thing I would say that would be less than glowing are the bird noises in the bathroom. Totally freaked me out the first time i walked in looking for the trapped bird before I realized it was coming from the speakers. I felt that was the only place they over-reached and was a turn-off for me.
This place is legit. Really unique atmosphere, super friendly and accommodating service, cheap delicious wine, and food that is out of this world fresh and delicious. The huitlacoche ravioli's were amazing as was everything else we enjoyed.
Went there for a bottle of wine and some appetizers a couple months ago. The restaurant is decorated in a very original way and that is very nice. The food is OK and the wine as well. Nothing extraordinary but an overall good experience.
4.5 stars. called ahead. would definitely come back. brussel sprouts, beet dish great
Great service. The owner served our food and told us how he came to set up the place. Food is fusion, innovative. Good but not great. I would go back again.
yes it's true..the small plates are pricey....but the flavors in the food were great! my favorite dish that we tries was the gordita. it had kind of a lettuce wrap outside it which gave it a refreshing kick with the hearty flavor. the crab tostada was also very good and we tried the artichoke..... meh...it was a grilled artichoke....what can i say...tasty, but not mind blowing. my friend and i had a great time...def go here again;0)
Very unique place! Loved everything about it! the decor was splendid! Very extraordinary! The service was awesome! The food was so good! Definitely try the shrimp tacos! Wish they gave you bigger portion, however portion control is what gives me my slimming figure!..haha, yeah right! Went here for my good friend's birthday..happy birthday dollface!! -CHEERS TO YOU!!
delicious find. the food was your usual tapas fanfare in the city, but the thing that left a lasting impression was the marscapone berry trifle....supple, sweet, melt-in-your-mouth, divine.
Food is tasty, the space is cute, and the staff is friendly. I also love the bathroom. The octopus is delicious.
I almost want to give Lolo five stars - but will hold the last star until I go back and make sure I wasn't dreaming. Lolo is a quintessentially San Francisco restaurant: small, hip, artsy, casual, with a diverse crowd. Oh, and the food! The food here comes with layers of flavors (which make you want to pause to analyze)! My dinner companion and I were going mmmmmm~~~ for two hours straight with huge grins on our faces. We had their octopus appetizer and venison carpaccio to start. The octopus came with very strong seasoning and was interesting and entertaining, but I would not order it again (I personally prefer my shellfish with subtle seasoning). The venison carpaccio was quite amazing, definitely one of the kind. I enjoyed every bite of it and look forward to the next time I get to eat it again. For entrees, I had the porkchop with bluecheese on top, which went PERFECTLY with a glass of Malbec. There's something to be said about the hunk of meat, blue cheese, and Malbec combination. My companion had the duck confit, which was very savory with a kick of citrus flavor. Lastly, but certainly not least importantly, the tiramisu was a total WOW...the tiramisu at Lolo comes in a very non-descript coffee cup (very retro, the type you'd find at a yard sale), which is very non-threatening, low-maintenance looking. Just wait until you take a bite or two of this piece of heaven...the combination of the dark chocolate, rich mouse, wet sponge cake, and the crunchy chocolate-covered espresso beans totally killed!!!!!! BAM!!! Unlike a lot of American desert, this one is not overly sweet, thereby allowing every constituent to perform at its best. I LOVED IT!!!I am definitely going back.
I'm bumping it to five stars. It's not always about perfection in food (though the shrimp/jicama shell tacos, the duck confit tacos, and the reasonably-priced and outstanding Hahn meritage are pretty perfect). It's the combination of atmosphere and personality and food and love and fun. And the Lone Palm down the street.
Great little hidden spot in the Mission. Spanish tapas with almost an asian twist on some of the dishes. Had a bit of trouble finding it, but once we walked in, it was awesome. The decor was very...Caribbean almost. Super random, bright contrasting colors, lots of oranges and reds. Service was also very friendly and fun.As far as the food is concerned, I thought it was was very delicious meal, with a few stand out items and a few that I wouldn't bother to order again.Must orders: shrimp taco (i started with just 1, and i walked out having had 4), goat cheese and sun dried tomato dipI could do without: mahi mahi, sopes
What a cool place. All of the dishes were creative, yet very tasty.  I could eat a dozen of the shrimp jicama tacos. Deeelish! I appreciated that the waiter let us order a half order so that my party of 5 could each have their own taco. Our grilled octopus dish was very tender. The two dishes that I didn't enjoy as much were the flank steak (boring) and the duck soft tacos (I coudn't tell that it was duck. tasted just like pork carnitas). The cheesecake was fantastic. Overall great ambiance and I like how it's not too loud or too quiet. Perfect setting for great conversation with friends.
Lolo was nice find in Mission area. Neighborhood was safe. Food was very tasty - particularly the crab tostada & tuna tacos.... The short rib was nothing special tho - just tasted like crock pot beef. Service was top notch - particularly since every table was taken
I just ate here lastnight for the first time, and I really liked it! it hit the spot. I was in the mood for some delicious food, but wanted to keep it light. we got the Shrimp Tacos which is a must have, really good! and then the duck... I guess those were pretty much tacos also... but that duck with cilantro was heaven! and I absolutely love the interior decorating! well done!
Very good :)
saludos a lolo!!!it's almost difficult sharing my favorite new spot with the world . it's small and homey and intimate and i would be devasted when the day arrives that they have grown so big is too difficult to get in - but these guys deserve a huge applause!the dishes are super creative, ample, lusciously fresh, divinely delicious and unforgettable........the staff are warm clever sweet creative fun folks......it's hard to say what's my favorite since every dish is so incredibly fabulous - but i definitely wouldn't leave without having a jicama shrimp taco. mmmmm......
Everything was delicious here: pistachio salmon, scallops, and prawn skewers...and very expensive and small-plate portions. Not the place to come to on an empty stomach, but definitely for some good wine and pricey snacks.
LoLo's owner emailed me to follow up on my review. It's great when you see the owners and managers of places on Yelp following up on feedback. He apologized for my experience and indicated that it wasn't how he typically did business. I appreciate that he was listening and hope my experience was the anomaly.
Basically I was looking for a cheap(er) dinner with a few good cocktails after a show on Friday so we decided to put our names down for Beretta and see what happened. Well, the place was obviously crazy, and although they first told us the wait was an hour, it ended up being closer to being 1.5 hours. Granted, it was a Friday night and it's hard to gauge when people leave but the minute we stepped inside the place, we were hit with sweat and heat, and it was all over for us.So....we went down the street and came across this little place. It is charming. Although I was in a semi-crappy Stoli-ed state and didn't allow myself to be charmed at first, I sat on the upholstered bench outside while my bf went to put us on the list and get some booze to placate me. They brought us our drinks outside, then we were seated within 10 minutes or so.The food, I have to say, is really interesting. It is truly a hit or miss though, but the fact that it is so interesting gets this place so many points. We had the shrimp tacos on recommendation from other yelpers and they are really fabulous. The jicama tortilla is crunchy, fresh, light, and goes perfectly with the shrimp insides. The octopus was served in a way I've never seen octopus served, and it was good but slightly overcooked for my tastes, a little salty, with just too much sesame oil. Eating it with bread made it better. Then we had the scallop sope, which was WAY too rich for me. The combination of a super thick corn tortilla with a super rich creamy scallop mixture on top was overwhelming and I could only take two bites before I felt sick. It did look pretty, though. Also, my bf seems to have no problems with it, and ate mine too. The duck confit was flavourful, and I didn't think it was greasy (hey, if you're going to order confit anything it's going to be oily) but it was also the only uninteresting thing we ordered. The shrimp tacos were the highlight. I could eat like 10 of those things.Anyway the server was really nice and cleared our dishes quickly. the food came out quick (it was 10 after all) but well paced. The bread was dense and warm and soft and the dipping sauce (couldn't figure out what it was) was tasty. The decor is really cute and this place has a lot of personality. The food, maybe a little too much at times. I'll be back for the tacos and to try a few other things, but will likely never order the other three dishes I had again. Charming place.
Fun place, the food is tasty and exotic. The portions are very small for the price, Octopus was sliced very thin! Service was great!!
In a city with countless creative food offerings, Lolo pleasantly surprises. The small salads and appetizer plates are interesting fusions of fresh ingredients and spices. The Scallop entree is an especially enjoyable dish. They present a nice selection of Spanish, Argentinian and Italian wines that are reasonably priced, and the waiters and bartender are knowledgeable if the wine seems unfamiliar. We prefer to sit in the side room where eating at the bar or a table is comfortable and fun.
i had a completely wonderful dinner here the other night. wonderful food, wonderful service, and a wonderful place! i'm only sad that i tried it right before i move away and won't be able to meet it anymore.highlights: panko encrusted shrimp, olive oil gelato & totally awesome decor. i want my future house to look like this entirely.
This place is a find! Owned by a Turkish/Mexican combination it is a true gem to find in the Mission.Nice menu, we had 3 appetizers : venison carpaccio and marinated octopus,also a carpacio and a very tasty tomoatoe salad with goat cheese. All excellent.Then we had flanksteak which was very nice but just a little too blandfor my taste.It came with a sauce that also should hav e been spiced up a bit.It was accompanied by shoestring fries which were tasty.Only thing though they should add a small green or v egetable to the plate.Looked a bit lonely.We tried the only 2 desserts, one with quince and some kind of a green cream , the other like a chocolote tiramisu in a cup. The latter one was great ! (I am just not a friend of quince).Nice small wine list with reasonable prices and great,friendly service.Just don't know why there is no name or sign on the outside. The decor inside is v ery different but it works and fits perfectly into the area.. Will definitely be back with friends.
food was waaaay good. and cheap. not cheap in low quality but price wise.had the octopus. i have never had octopus that tender, what a wonderful surprise! venison carpaccio was good, not amazing but good. pork chop was a little dry but we were the last one's seated for the night (we ran in 5 mins til closing..SORRY!) so i can't complain.asparagus was drizzled with a balsamic reduction. very good. sopa was tasty as well. but i would have rather paid less down the street at a late-night taco spot. scallops were on top of a spicy curry like sauce. the spices they used in conjunction with the latin dishes were interesting.had a short yet impressive wine list. even had my new favorite wine discovery BY THE GLASS! AMAZING! had a lovely malbec and was very very pleased.overall a lovely dinner. i would totally go back. lolo is worth it and gives you plenty of bang for your buck.
this is so delightfully strange and cute. turkish mexican and can be made ok for vegans but isnt really recommended unless you can be a little flexible. i would recommend avoiding the brussel sprouts and appreciating the decorations. very cute, homey addition to the mission in a tempest of stiff, stuffy new ones.
Very cute place with great food. The mexican/turkish fusion works very well and they have som real tasty and fun new variations on old classics and new favorites. The Tacon is really good and so is the salmon. I wouldn't go for the octupus again, tasted most of pepper. Their sangria is very nice and they have a good selection of wines. I will definately come back here many times.
Dinner here was very good, interesting, new, fresh and not outrageously expensive.The place is really funky and cool the way it's decorated. You walk in and there is one small room, then the back has a bar and bigger tables. We sat in the small room in a small table. The service was excellent and they were always available, brought out food quickly and they didn't rush us at all as we sat after dinner just chatting.We got two appetizers, the shrimp and the veggies. The shrimp just came two shrimp, each shrimp was fried and had a bunch of good sauces and stuff on it and came with a wrapper type of thing. It was delish. The veggies were pretty good.we got the tongue and the the mahi mahi but we shared. The tongue was sooo soft and tender and the curry sauce it came cooked in was delish. It came as two pieces on top of white rice with kind of thin fries on top. the fish was really fresh and light tasting in a citrusy sauce. the side salad it came with was really yummy and came with papaya and mango slices which was yummy.Then we had fondu with berries and banana bread for dessert which was great. mmm chocolate. my friend dared me to stick my finger in it and lick it off and i did. Our bill was about $65 for all that. We did not get drinks tonight. I was eyeing what other tables got and it looked interesting so I'd like to try it again sometime and get different things...most of their entrees were meat or fish. I believe that only one was vegetarian entree. I think if you want to try out a new place with cute decor, a nice vibe and totally unique cuisine that I recommend it!
We were looking for a place to eat on a Friday night. Most places were already booked with no reservations available. We didn't want to just walk in and risk waiting hours for a table. Did a quick search on yelp and found Lolo - many positive reviews and enticing menu. I gave them a call and they had something available at 8pm for party of 3 - awesome! The restaurant was small but cozy with lots of great, bold colors. Lolo is a tapas place with with a Latin American feel. Everything on the menu looked so delicious, we had a hard time deciding what to get. Thank goodness for small plates - it's my excuse to order lots of food! We must have ordered 7-8 plates to share, along with sangria for everyone. The first dish that came out was pistachio crusted salmon with wasabi sauce. Wow! What a nice pop of flavor! The pistachio gave the salmon a nice crunchy texture and I love the slight spiciness of the wasabi cream sauce. Then we had the taco tropical which was a taco with panko fried shrimp. This was delicious as well. I don't remember what kind of sauce was inside the taco but it went nicely with the crispy shrimp. We also had the tuna wrapped inside a mini quesadilla, duck confit, carnitas, and fried brussel sprouts. Even though everything was really good, I felt like we ordered too many tacos so the meal felt a little heavy. I think next time, I will order some ceviche and octopus to balance out the meal a little so it's not tortilla with every dish. Overall, great experience and delicious flavors. We all left happy and full.
I think I tried almost every dish on that menu. But none of them is good enough to make me have that kind of feeling wanna come back this place. Not even chocolate fondue. I m pretty disappointed about the food. But the only thing i like about this place.. is people. They seem very nice.
Exceedingly charming, quirky, and creative. really. delicious food, good wine. Stop reading these yelps and go. How much fun is 22nd street?
This is such a cute spot to have some small bits and enjoy your time with your friends. Last night we ordered the shrimp tacos, and yup they are yummy. There was three of us so it was nice that the server made three tacos (normally there are two per order). Also the salmon crusted roll and ahi tacos were very nice. I would of skipped the veggies because the cold eggplant has the color of plaster but ask just for the veggie cakes and brussels sprouts. The cheesecake was simple and what you expect.
...was so so.
lovo,love,love...this is such a special pace,tthe service is very pleasant and very warm the food is very creative and DA...yummy!!i love it....!!!
I had a very enjoyable dinner here the other night.I must admit I was skeptical when my sister suggested we try a fusion restaurant. I generally think of fusion as an excuse to sneak mango in things it has no business being included in. But our meal was delicious and innovative rather than the soulless cleverness I was dreading.Lolo is a cute and interesting space. The decor is what I call "Mission Funky" which is generally characterized by a bright or over-saturated color palette, kitschy accents, and visual wit achieved either through using traditional objects of decoration in a non-traditional fashion or by using items not typically used in decoration in a function of traditional decorating (commonly known as "random junk glued on the walls").Between the concept and the decor, this place balances on the precipice of being smug and pretentious, however our waitress was welcoming and attentive. She made some great suggestions and made sure we were well taken care of without hovering.The food also stands up to the delicious test. We ordered three small plates; my sister is a vegetarian so I got the plate of famous shrimp tacos all to myself. The flavors were really well balanced-the shrimps were meaty, the tropical salsa was sweet and tangy, the chipotle sauce was creamy and spicy and the jicama was crisp and clean. It made sense, which I think is why I'm not upset about the possibility that there was some mango in there. It was a dish that I had never had before, never even thought of before, but once I had it I was like "oh why doesn't everybody make these" We also had the beets which came with a salty feta mousse and a sweet and bitter grilled raddichio. The elements of that plate were all a little much by themselves, but once you gathered them all together in a single bite, they were delicious. Our last plate was the huitlacoche dumplings. I would describe them as crispy airy wontons with smooth and creamy filling. I had never had huitlacoche before but it tastes like a mushroom and an ear of corn had a little tasty baby. It came with a squash blossom sauce that didn't really add anything or taste like much. The sauce wasn't bad, just unnecessary.For dessert: chocolate fondue. The dessert that needs no elaboration.I would love to go back and try more of the meat and seafood dishes.
Fun, quirky, and very hipster, but the food is fantastic.We went for brunch on a weekend - they set up a bunch of crazy colored outdoor lawn-furniture like benches & tables in the sun.First, the mimosas and various other brunch drinks are FANTASTIC!They're clearly not using really crappy champagne, and the fruit juices are fresh & delicious. The Michelada (Mexican bloody mary made with beer) was almost obscenely good. Our waitress recommended Pacifico as the beer to use, and she clearly knew what she was talking about.I had the Ox & Eggs, which was ox-tail & eggs, chives and a couple other things on a tortilla with a wonderful roasted salsa. The ox tail was tender, juicy, and overflowing with flavor. This was great.My friend had a heart-stopping baked mix of cheddar cheese, potato, chorizo and eggs. This came with a small salad of fresh greens, perhaps to try and convince you that it wouldn't kill you outright. But man, it was good.We also got the soba noodles & veggies, which had a light pepper oil on it, was served (appropriately) cold, and was also very tasty, and surprisingly large.Service was friendly, helpful, and very clearly knowledgeable about the menu.I can't tell you how excited I am to have another great brunch option here, and really need to go try dinner there.
Went for dinner. Made a reservation and all they had was a bar seat for 2. Was glad we sat there. We were on able to talk to the person behind the bar and ask questions about the food. Every thing we order was a hit. The sauce on the octopus was fantastic. The Tac plates a deso were so good and we split a plate of the Mahi Mahi and it was some of the best fish ever. We had 5 plates a desert and a bottle of wine the bill was 100 not bad. The atmosphere was very nice and the noise not bad. We were able to talk. All in all it was a nice diiner and can not wait to go back.
What a great un-valentine experience :) Trying to dodge the usual rigamaroll of Vday, I booked a rezzie at lolo...Surprise! I twas faboo :) Wonderful food and wine..especially our chocolate fondue with banana bread and fresh fruit! Que Rico! I would highly recommend any night of the week. Besos
"we really need to go somewhere that is under $20 per person." "yes. yes we do."so we choose lolo... no, it doesn't make sense. but it was a good choice. great food. as this place is down the street from my lovely apartment, i've seen it through the windows many times and wondered "what the hell is this place?" we asked if the three of us could eat at their establishment and were informed we had to wait 30 minutes, but instead of requiring us to stand out in the cold, they took a phone number and let us wander over to doc's for some beers and warmth.when it was our turn, i got to sit on the raddest recycled bench seat ever. i think it was the cushiest plastic ever. we got some beers and perused the menus. when one of the servers came by to fill our glasses with water, i felt somewhat funny and asked, "please tell me this is your finest hetch hetchy reserve, because i do not settle for less." as she was foreign, she had no idea what i was talking about. so then i spent the next two minutes explaining i was merely asking if it was tap water and feeling like a jerk. once that was over, we ordered two of the panko-encrusted shrimp with chipotle aioli. ohmyfuckinggod it was amazing. i could have eaten those all night long.for my entree, i ordered the seafood corn sope of scallops, shrimp, and octopus with a pepper aioli. i had never had octopus before and this was definitely the way to try it. the beet salad was nice, but a bit too raw to actually be eaten. it was there more for color.dessert was a chocolate fondue with banana bread, raspberries, and blueberries. and a coffee.my biggest concern with food like this is, the more expensive it is, the less you get. and i was starving. but the three of us left feeling full, but not fat. now i am tired and, instead of sleeping, i am writing this damn review.point is, this place is great. would be perfect for a date. would be perfect with some friends. would be perfect with your parents. just don't bring any kids here. they ruin everything.on nice days, they put out some outdoor dining. and the design of the place is very recycle-chic. this is a restaurant with a very green ethic, healthy food choices, and a good eye for bringing it all together. most everything in the restaurant (according to the menu) is recycled and all meats are grass-fed and "as organic as possible". the kitchen is tiny (there were two chefs working), but that merely means they pay better attention to your order and ensuring it is of the best quality. expect to pay about $40 per person, even if your plans are to go to a sub-$20 joint.
Yummmmmm! I've been going here for a long time, I just never get tired of it. Everything is just delicious and reasonably priced.
This is one of those little funky places that makes you feel like you are in Brooklyn or the Lower East side and you just discovered a little gem. The decor is an eclectic mix of retro fabric and mexican kitsch. The service was friendly and casual but all the recommendations were spot on. The shrimp taco in jicama and the huitlacoche dumplings are an absolute must try. We couldn't stop talking about corn smut all night, but really the flavors were very unique and savory. I wasn't as excited about the Duck confit, it was a little dry and lacked flavor, but the Sopes were delicious and I am excited to go back and try a few more menu options. Oh and the cheese cake which they make in house is some of the best I have ever had, it reminds me of cheesecake my mother would have made if my mother could cook.
Wow! Can I say delicious? You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The selection is very unique. I tried the venison deer carpaccio, three meat bites (3 servings), pork chop w/ butter and huitachoche (some mushroom/fungi stuff) and ricotta-stuffed dumplings. All were excellent. I highly recommend ordering a bunch of the small plates and sharing them among friends. I would definitely come back here again.
Food was pretty good- I tried a number of choices on the menu but the salmon and porkchop was to die for. And the presentation of the food was exquisite (haven't read that word in a while, right?). I found the huitlacoche to be boring, maybe b/c I I dislike truffles. The place is pretty small but on a nice day, the outdoor seating would be cool. -0.5 stars for the cooky artwork inside- some people may like it but I found it to be a little schizo. Also, -0.5 stars for the attitude that one of the waitresses gave to my vegan friend. If you're vegan or a vegetarian who doesn't eat seafood, skip this place. If you aren't, give Lolo a shot.
Flash fried shrimp wrapped in a sliced jicama shell with fresh salsa and chipotle sauce comprise the "panko shrimp taco" appetizer dish. Amazing. While the rest of the food is good to great as well, it's the panko shrimp tacos I keep going back for. Four stars because I think the rest of the menu is far too pricey, but I'd pay my weight in gold for those panko shrimp tacos.
Shrip Taco's and the Seafood Sopes...that's all you need to order. Had I come here and only tried the taco's and sopes then it would've been a 4; everything else was just ok.The place is actually bigger then what it looks, there's a "bar" on the other side though all they serve is beer and wine. The decor is...interesting, well as interesting a spoons glued to a wall can be.
What a great little spot. It was a little hard to find as I couldn't see the name of the restaurant at the entrance and I forgot the address. So as a hint remember the address. I didn't have a full meal but just a couple apps and some wine. Excellent flavor and creative menu, I was really pleased. We had pistachio crusted seared ahi and spiced shrimp tacos. Tacos were really good, they used a finely sliced jicama as the tortilla, and had a wedged lime covered with chili powder to add a little bit more kick.  Also there was this great goat cheese and sun-dried tomato spread with bread. Definitely will have to make a return visit to try the full menu. BTW the service was great.
I came here for a date and the food is amazing!!! I loved the shrimp tacos, the spanish wine selection and the service. We ate at the bar and I appreciated our server's honest recommendations on what was "good" versus "just ok" and had a wonderful experience overall. We will be back!
I'd eat here once a week. A neighborhood spot with so much style and flavor, Lolo has quickly risen to the top of my list of favorite restaurants. Perfect for SF natives like me, this restaurant is something special. (No booze but great wine...)
We had a great dinner here Saturday night. They were very accommodating the four times I changed the reservation and when we got there the service was perfect. The food is experimental but the experiments are a success. I would highly recommend this restaurant but be sure you have a reservation as its not very big.
great food and service!!!!!
i always feel torn between reviewing about the food..or the ambiance...or the service...and ideally youd be able to do all three in a great review. but alas, i'm not that talented. anyways - i wasn't really paying attention to the food - which was delicious - because i was busy entertaining my 3 month old nephew. but the service was excellent. our waitress was really patient, friendly. and for 6 adults + a bottle of wine, it only came to about 30 bucks a person which really made my wallet happy.so i guess i should go back and pay more attention to the food, but all in all, a great neighborhood place to bring out of town guests.sorry if this review sucked.
try it, you will be surprised. the food is fantastic, the wine is good, the prices are not cheap, but in proportion.
I am in LOVE with this place. The tacos tropical I could eat every single day. great music, amazing decor, wonderful staff. I will go back every chance I get.
Really enjoyed it!! The food was so flavorful and the place itself decorated so cute. I had the panko shrimp appetizer, fried Brie, and the meat (lamb, beef, bacon) and everything was soooo tasty. The service was great, AND they had a decent bottle of Chardonnay on the menu for $25. Can't beat that. Great location too. Very well priced, great location, food and service :) I would definitely go back soon!
Tried about 7 different things on the menu and all were delicious. This place does small plates very, very well. Wine was great too. Highly recommend this spot.
Gets my award for most interesting fusion, in spirit anyway (the latin flavors dominate I think). Eclectic, funky, delicious. Huitlacoche and ricotta dumplings were great. There was a salad with dried cherries and goat cheese that was -perfect-, just the right balance of everything. Good wine list - so many restaurants fail to put appropriate wines on their list to match their cuisine. Among their many by-the-glass varietals, Lolo offered both a Gewurtzraminer and an Alsatian Riesling, the latter of which paired excellently with some of the bold spices.We ate at the bar and had a wonderful time, would definitely go back.The decor was definitely fun - toeing the line between "hip" and "an eyesore" but still certainly the former.
you guys are hella slow!with that said, the food was pretty tasty. had a little tongue, had some shrimp...all in all, good stuff.pass on the fondue. pretty mediocre, if not sub-par.
Really yummy! the waiter was very helpful in expaining the details of the items on the menu and everything was delicoius! We ordered a variety of appetizers and main dishes and just shared everything. It was all terrific. Speicifcally there were these dumplings with cheese and mushrooms that were really good, and the shrimp taco appetizer was soo good.
Lolo is definitely a unique experience, mixing Turkish and Latin flavors. i have to admit that i've been a bit of a yelp delinquent, and i don't remember the exact names of dishes that I tried. I tried the tacos and some kind of steak thing. The tacos were fantastic, the steak thing was decent. The place definitely has a funky, Mission-esque decor. Portions are a little small, but that allows you to try out a lot of different dishes. Definitely worth a try!
This place was so cute! We had walked by a few months ago on our way to somewhere else and it smelled so good that I made a note that I wanted to try it. We went at the last minute and managed to get in on a cancelled reservation and got a cute window seat. The server was very nice and cute but a little too busy so it was hard to get his attention later on. Luckily the other staff (manager, a woman who brought out food) were able to smoothly take care of our needs. The food was small plates and we had the mussels and the meatballs. Both were divine! The broth/sauce that the mussels were in was soooooo good, I kept dipping the bread in and felt like I could drink it. The meatballs were in an adorable mini pot with a wooden lid and with a rich, yummy eggplant tomato sauce with cheese, also so good!The red wine was pretty good but served way too warm, we ended up requesting ice cubes to put in our wine glasses. The restaurant itself was pretty warm too; it was a really gorgeous weekend so I thinik they could use some window opening to help air it out a bit. I would definitely go back - loved the ambiance, the pace, the coziness and the food.
Good food, but if I am going to spend $100 (for two) I expect better.
Sophisticated and flavorful Latin small plates that still manages not to be over-thought or over-powering. Highly recommended, and highly recommend just going for the small plates, including: taco tropical (panko and spice-dusted shrimp, topped with a tropical relish and spicy aioli), and seared yellowtail tostada (sandia aioli, orca bean puree, avocado).
New to the neighborhood, this place is solid and may just be my new favorite place for a drink and bite.  Great bartender--cute and competent--decent music and very tasty bites. Fun and interesting decor with one of a kind upholstery not found elsewhere. Very hip without trying too hard....reminds me of my old neighborhood haunt in Gaudalajara. Two thumbs up and welcome to mi barrio!
This is a great addition to the neighborhood; it replaces an italian place that many liked, but that I thought was uneven at best.The food is an unusual mix of mexican and Greek/Turkish and some asian influences. The ingredients are all good and the combinations are often excellent. The grass fed sirloin in a strawberry/mango mole was rich and flavorful and the beef was much more tender than the average grass fed beef. There was a tomato salad that was really a deconstructed Greek salad that was very good but marred by an overly strong feta cheese. The gyozas were had a wonderful flavor and a nice pepper sauce, even if the wrappers were a bit gummy.On my second vist I had an excellent yucatan duck dish that was served mushu style (though the wrappers served in a bamboo dim sum container were corn tortillas -- I am not complaining, I was just surprised). The pistachio crusted salmon was also very tasty.The decor is right out of a Pedro Almodovar flick. Bright and flashy with an edge of 70's funk.Service is friendly though still learning its way around.Prices range for about $6 for smaller platers to $18 to the meaty plates.The wine list is a bit odd. At the low end there are some inexpensive bottles ($30 range) that are decent but they have definitely been marked up more than 2.5X retail. At the top end ($55+) there are some excellent bottles that have more modest markups. However, on the red side, there are NO bottles between $37 and $55. WTF? (I am the only one who orders $40 bottles of wine?). Anyway, they need to work on the list some -- it clearly is not their primary focus.SFD
to choose a category would only bring shame upon the judge.world community brought together with local product and pride.the folk at lolo move with the season to bring you the finest organic produce - daily picked (when available) ingredients to challenge the norm.with each dish you have no idea what they were saying with mere words on the menu. every dish speaks to a moment and place not to be pinned down by locale.so get on out and get on into this new local joint filled with smiles and genuine people and moments to savor.dishes to crave:happy boy heirloom with feta mousse ... saladvenison carpaccio -- come on peoplebraised beef tongue -- drop that tongue issue, this dish is seriouspanko-encrusted spiced shrimp -- no street side vendor ever delivered such splendorarugula with dried cherries, goat and feta cheese -- sean loves itmake the call -- walk the streets and try to even come closelolo is the place you need to tryDO NOT be fooled by its location. this is NOT a new hipster jount . this is a place we all need and have wanted for some time.suerte
Awesome foods, awesome decor and awesome service. Hands down is a must eat just once. Kind of hidden which makes it a perfect treat.
I am an addict. Lolo has the best little shrimp tacos in the world. And a bathroom reminiscent of the ocean. If I could, I would spend all of my money here.
Awesome.......Thank God there were a group of 4. Everyone was picking off everyone's plate. A fantastic representation of traditional Turkish food with a latin twist. The sauce for the Scallops were so good we were dipping our bread in it. The prawns has just the right amount of spice, savor, and tenderness, the flank steak was tender, cooked to perfection, and seasoned just right.
I had brunch at Lolo over the weekend and was pleasantly surprised. I had some eggs with chive cream and they were delicious! They actually weren't scrambled so the yolks remained intact, really interesting. My husband had some tropical tacos which he said were delicious (instead of tortillas they used big slices of jicama to wrap the taco). I would be interested in seeing what interesting dishes they cook up for dinner. OH and they had great outdoor seating too- it was a beautiful day for it!
Not merely five stars for cuisine, but for service, atmosphere, spunk, uniqueness . . . I have been painfully disappointed of late but Lolo's wears an aureole in the crowd of overpriced, bland food. The playful, yet somehow refined, decor should be discovered on your own, but it is guaranteed to embrace you in a warm hug of home-y warmth. A fusion of the cuisines of two friends' homelands' - Turkey & Spain - each dish seemed rather to be from a new dimension. At the end of each bite, almost too overwhelmed with delight, we were presented with another tapa-like dish. Each one presented with a (proclaimed by me) japanese style and detail of presentation & producing unimitable flavors and sensations. After each dish, when the four of us could not possibly expect to be impressed by the next, and feared disappointment! . . . the next would amaze! tantalize! Surprise! Immerse each person in a stuppor of pure enjoyment. Superb cuisine does not take a master to recognize - it is nice to see Lolo's hold themselves to the highest standard for anyone who takes the time to take a taste. Though thoroughly satisfied we listened to the desert menu and promptly ordered two - which one was best, you ask? Cannot be determined, I cannot choose, and that is story of this place.
Loved this place, it's kind of hidden but that adds to the attraction. Food was daring and tasty. Service was attentive, and as more guest of ours showed up, unplanned they happily made room as we took over the front room. I'd come back again!!
We planned to do a walk in at Lolo, but it was surprisingly crowded on a Thursday. We almost walked away, but as we passed the second room with the bar in it I noticed some empty barstools, so we went back and asked if we could eat at the bar. Come to find that they had a table for two but the reservation had been a no show. Lucky us! They seated us quickly and got us water and menus right away. It's a charming eclectic room, wild with color and decoration that at first doesn't make sense but it really doesn't need to, because the exuberance is sensible if you want to have a good time. Which we did. We ordered a bottle of red from their small list. A very decent Malbec dry and fruity at the same time. Very good. We ordered a few small plates to share. One stood out. One was quite good and one was just ok. First for the stand out dish of the night. It was octopus marinated in vinegar or lemon with a special turkish spice and salt. It was cut thin like a carpaccio and sprinkled with the other ingredients. The taste was amazing. Tart, salty, earthy, but with none of the tough chewiness one sometimes gets with octopus. Yum. we asked for more bread to mop up the juice. The second dish that gets high marks was a stuffed pepper and zucchini and almonds. For an out of season pepper it was amazingly sweet. It was stuffed with rice that had raisins and spices that went well with it. I don't know if it was intentional but it was kind of luke cool which was a surprise because it looked like it would be better warmer, what with the rice and all. The zucchini was tender but not over cooked, although it was a bit underseasoned and there was no salt on the table. The third dish we kind of expected great things, because we had read on Yelp that it was a stand out. I didn't really think so though. It was the pecan crusted salmon with wasabi cream and pistachios. Sounds good right. Well not so much. The plate comes and the salmon looks perfectly cooked. It was translucent in the center and tender. Great so far, but it was in fact rather tasteless for Salmon(maybe it was farm raised) and the pecan crust did not feature any nutty flavor. I tried dipping it in the sauce but that didn't help because of the way they did it. It was supposed to be wasabi cream, but it was mostly a lake of soy sauce with wasabi cream squiggles and pistachios floating in it. I like salt, so had no hesitation about dipping the fish in soy, but it was so overwhelming to that underwhelming piece of salmon that it did no good what so ever. Plus the soy also prevented you from getting any of the wasabi cream or nuts to stick to the fish. A few well place drops of soy on the plate along with the cream and the nuts would have been better, but ultimately the fish is where they really have to bring the quality level up.The staff was professional and the service was fast. If the staff needs to do anything better it's just to check on folks in case they need to ask questions about the food or for more water or for salt on the table, because we had questions, we ran out of water and we could have used some salt. I still liked my experience at Lolo a lot and want to go back to try more dishes and enjoy the interesting room.
The food here wasn't amazing but it was pretty darn good. We had scallops, squash flower dumplings, feta mousse, and prawns. It was all quite decent and definately interesting. My wine was out of control good. I had me a nice glass of Malbec and after my first sip I uttered (louder than intended) a suprised "holy shit." Our amazing waitress felt compleled to stop by and make sure that it wasn't in disgust.What's really important is that this place is the perfect addition to the ever evolving block of 22nd between Mission and Valencia. The funky, vinyl booths on the sidewalk invite the curious passerby to stop by for a bite. Lolo and that place that has come to be known as Papa Toby's something or other make perfect neighbors. The inside of Lolo is perfect dinner time eye candy with repititous walls of spoons, mirrors and newsprint. It's hard to get bored in this place. It's the coolest looking spot in town and I can't imagine that they dropped more than $1000 on decorating.Take your next date to 22nd street. Dinner at Lolo will please. Enjoy a pint on the sidewalk at Papa Toby's Revolution Art House Sidewalk Bar Sangria Cafe or the Latin American Club. You could catch a live show or a good episode of Mortified at the Make Out Room. And when it's all over but you're yearning for a little more time together you could figure out how to scale the Sketchers building and shoot paintballs at the bank. Then make out a little, fall asleep and wake up for breakfast at Boogaloos. I promise this will get you married.
Very good, unique menu, but not the mind-blowing experience I was expecting. The steak with the strawberry/mango mole was the highlight, which was great, as we ended going here solely based on reading about this in another review (thanks Peter H!). And the scallops were good too. But the octopus ceviche was way too oily, and the chicken apple sausage flatbread, while good, was soaked with cheese and oil. I wasn't expecting such a heavy dish. And the service was indeed friendly, but not attentive. Above average, and really the diversity in dishes (and funky decor) earn this place the fourth star, but not exceptional.
I brought my mother here for my second visit to this restaurant and she, a "go to New York to eat a fancy meal" kind of lady, liked it as much as I do! Wonderful food, wine, location, bathroom, wall decorations, and very capable service without them having to hover desperately to make sure you are pleased with what you've got. Because they already know that you will be, I guess.
Wow. Octopus so thin it's almost invisible. Panko so crisp it disappeared. Feta mousse so fine it evaporated. Finished with the most divine avocado and cardamom ice cream. Perfect creamy texture. Delish!-Zeke and Selina
good place, helpful staff
I enjoyed a seriously-spectacular meal here. I ate a perfectly prepared octopus.
Jicama Tortilla!? Who would have ever thought to do such a thing!?  This place is.....wow.....Just wow.
Love this new spot! Walked in on a Saturday night for a late dinner with some friends. Wait was about 20 minutes. The service is wonderful - very friendly staff. Love the decor, design and vibe of Lolo. Food was amazing. Don't miss the venison carpaccio.  Heirloom tomato and feta salad - yummy! Very reasonable, too. We had four apps, two entrees and a bottle of wine for 3 of us - $40/each.
Want to feel immersed in an atmosphere where it's so uber cool, it rubs off on you? Then Lolo is where you have to go. It is hip, the food is delicious and innovative, the staff is laid back in a good way, not an unprofessional way. It makes you feel like a restaurant that only suits the Mission, that you knew could exist, but just didn't, up until now. WOW!  The groovy mural in the bathroom, with sound effects, is icing on the cake.
This place is a little treasure. The food is amazing, the decor is spectacular (I am a sucker for oil cloth), and the wait staff is incredibly nice. They told us it would be a 30 mininute wait for a table and would call us when it was ready. We went next door for a drink at Revolution, only to have them call us just when we'd gotten our beers. They held our table for 20 minutes while we finished our drinks and then gave us an amazing meal. The bill came in a book about dogs and the bathroom has ocean sounds playing. Kitschy place and amazing food.
I'd eaten twice before at Lolo, and thought it was great. But last night was spectacular. The ribeye steak made me want to convert vegetarians, just so they would know what they are missing. The shrimp tacos and the crab tostadas were bursting with flavor. Not going to say it was the healthiest meal ever, but really, who cares? I highly recommend trying it out.
This place is just ok. I would say that the decor is better than their food. Stick to small plates - save your money. Entrees aren't worth it. Order the shrimp taco - that was by far the best item on their menu.
Wonderful place for a casual night out with friends or a date. The cuisine is a blend of different cultures and pleases with presentation and taste. The staff and decor make for a unique and pleasant experience that will definetly make you want to visit again very soon. The shrimp dish is fabulous!
Amazing decor/food! Great for a date or out with friends, Lolo's amazing chef and waitstaff make for an entertaining dining experience.
SO INCREDIBLY GOOD!!! Our friend introduced us for brunch months ago and we have been back several times for dinner. The food is fantastic, the decor is entertaining, and the service has always been great...especially Juan Carlos. I always get a kick out of their 'this table is reserved' statues - go and you will see too. We always end up eating way more than is necessary and leave feeling like it was a great dinner. It has a little bit of New York in it, in the way it is so eclectic.
Absolute great find! Wife and I stumbled across this place while looking for a bar to get a drink at before going to Beretta. While looking at the menu (everything sounded great) appeared that there was no way we were going to get in as the place was packed and people were waiting around the door that had reservations. Long story short - got in in a hour at the bar. Food was amazing - lamb slider was well spiced (reminded me of food in N Greece), Kofte was awesome, and Ahi Tacos were the best I've ever had! Service was also great - friendly and helpful in ordering. Overall, we'll be recommending this mexican/turkish joint to everyone we know :)
Fun, funky atmosphere with good service and decent (but pricey) wine list. Food was completely lackluster, hence the low rating.
So my dad and I ventured out to the mission one early evening. Lolo's was a great unmarked little place. It was an ultra trendy and cool vibe. the food was delicious. The server was very helpful too. It was a little hot inside, but the funny quiks (like your bill coming inside of a childrens book, or the crazy candle-lit bathroom) made up for it. I definitely suggest this place if you are looking for something new and refreshing.
I am a really really big fan of the tacos tropical... I crave them.. They are so amazing, fresh and innovative. Its such a fun place really creative and lively atmosphere. Tacos tropical and prosecco makes me a very happy lady :)
Very Creative. Very Good.
One of my favorite restaurants in the city. The food is creative, fresh and good (mediterranean and mexican fuse). The wine list is different and also good. Juan Carlos is the best waiter in the city in my opinion. The ambiance is fun and international with lots of color and creativity (it's got mission-hip factor without being obnoxious over the top mission-hip).  And, every time (we dine here at least once a month) i'm amazed that our bill is so reasonable! The shrimp tacos are my favorite. The salmon with pistachio is my second favorite. The octopus and steak are also regular orders. Really, I think I've had everything on the menu and always been happy. All the sauces are unique and delish! My husband and I used to play a game trying to guess the ingredients of the sauces (chocolate was a surprise w the duck). We love Lolo and even though I didn't want to yelp about it because I don't want to deal with long waits, these guys deserve the good press cuz they really have nailed it.
My friend and I were looking for a restaurant for dinner on Wednesday night. There were unique chairs which caught our eyes outside of the restaurants.We were seated promptly.They had a Tuesday and Wednesday night 30% off of glass of wines special. We ordered Salmon ($9?), Arugula salad ($8), scallop (11) from appetizers and pork chop from entree ($19). Everything was good. Salmon and scallop were not fully cooked (Seared) so if you don't like raw food, you should avoid them. I would definitely go back!
WOW. We came here for a friend's birthday and six discriminating eaters were all blown away. First of all, we were late (bad!) but they saved our table for us, and they even accommodated the extra person we showed up with. The atmosphere is great, intimate but a lot of things going on. Honestly, though, I could have been sitting in a box and not cared because the service was PHENOMENAL and the food was absolutely fantastic. It's tapas, so if you're starving and trying to get the most bang for your buck this probably isn't the place for you, but then no tapas bar is for that situation. I highly, highly recommend Lolo to everybody!
yah. very good. but we didn't exactly need another take on latin cuisine in the 'hood. (not to be a fuss, but huitlacoche is sort of everywhere these days. you can get it off amazon, though it's pricey there.)
Wow, mumble mumble... something about first impressions... this place impressed us. The food was off the charts good starting with ceviche, moving to a persimmon salad, then entries of crab tacos and a steak. I can't believe how many empty tables there were for a place so good too. I hope they hang on so I get to make another visit.
perdy good...
Exploring the mission district was interesting. Right alongside Dolores park there is an almost-pushing-foody area, but mostly were bars and such. This place had an awesome pinot noir that I had with my different little small plates. They say that the tropical tacos are the best, and they really were. The salmon encrusted pistachio was nothing to rave about. And the spicy grilled tomatoe salad was up there with the tropical tacos. I sat at the bar... and I have to say that the bartender was friendly and attentive. I don't think I would come back here again... I felt the menu lacked. With all the yummies you could find as a main course, only 2 quite ecletic salads are found on the menu. Avccompanied by some bread with what i would describe as thousand island mixed with hummus and chalk. Eh. Nothing too spectacular. Anyone could grill cherry tomatoes. And they seem to pair pistachios with EVERYTHING. And have everything that's not grilled, encrusted with pistachio something.
The decor brought me there.The service and the food will keep me coming back.Chorizo stuffed dates ! Mmmmmm
i recently moved to the bay area from chicago, and lolo reminded me of one of the reasons why. the number one problem with chicago restaurants is that few places can combine great food with ambiance. lolo, on the other hand, manages to appeal to all the senses with little effort. the music was chill and not overbearingly loud, and the food was presented much like its decor--a well-calculated mishmash of colors and textures. i could write a novel on all the unexpected flavor combinations i encountered that caused my eyes to roll into the back of my head, but instead i think i'll let the food speak for itself. my only beef is that the dessert, while still amazingly decadent, was nowhere near as daring and innovative as the rest of the menu. also, the mexican and turkish influences are subtle, so don't expect too much in either direction. still, definitely the most memorable meal i've had in a while... can't wait to try them out for brunch!!!
The food was incredible here: extremely artful, unique and tasty tapas. We ordered a salad w/ arugula and kumquats. I've never had kumquats like this in a dish before, and they were delicious. Also had fish tacos - fish was perfectly done and the sauce/trimmings were fantastic. There were a lot of fish options on the menu, and we enjoyed all we tried. Also had the sparkling sangria, which turned out to be surprisingly strong and not "too sweet," like most sangrias in my opinion Service was good. Decor was cute. But really the main attraction here is the unique flavors and presentation of the dishes. Only drawback is that it is expensive, although not necessarily overpriced.
oh juan carlos! you have made me such an adoring fan of this restaurant. After years as a frequent diner out in the City, I hadn't been wow-ed in so long. Juan Carlos served us lovely wines, and every recommendation he gave off of the menu made me ooohh and ahhhh (for example: the spice dusted shrimp tacos, except the tortilla is really a super thin slice of jicama, which was the most perfect wrapping for and compliment to the amazing flavors of the dish.) five stars on the food, the service, and the atmosphere. It is fun and a great value. and he's cute.
I love that European cozy atmosphere there. The interior is great, fusion of food even better. There are multiple pleasantly surprises any time I go there. It is not only about the food, but service, atmosphere, everything makes you happy after that one hour treatment. I enjoy it every single time and highly recommend it!
Wow. Loved it. The panko crusted shrimp with a tangy salsa and a few juicy pinapple pieces slipped in on top a thinly sliced jicama--who knew? Then ricotta dumplings in squash blossom sauce (I had no idea this could be so tasty). Last came our duck confit tacos...perfectly cooked flavorful duck, cilantro, a basil grapefruit jalapeno sauce, and homeade tortillas. Can't wait to try more of their menu next time.
I would actually give it 3.5 if there were half stars. We went here on a Saturday night and got an early seating at 7pm. The place was still fairly empty-ish at that hour but was full by the time we left a couple hours later. When I was waiting for my friends I looked in and was surprised at how tiny it was- only 3 tables and no bar! But then when we got seated I found out there is a larger back room with a bar and about 5-6 more tables. I love the concept behind the decor- all recycled stuff. Very unique but a bit too kitschy for my taste. Anyway- on to the food! I read the yelp reviews before going and knew I had to order the octopus and the huitlacoche (some kind of "fungus" as the server described it). We also got the panko crusted shrimp "tacos". The tacos and the octopus were yummy! Both were pretty spicy and very flavorful. The huitlacoche-ricotta dumplings were nice but a bit bland. Next we got the salmon in wasabi cream sauce. The salmon was excellent, cooked leaving it just a little rare in the middle (the way I like it) but I couldn't hardly taste any wasabi in the sauce. The brown sweet sauce on the plate it was served on kind of tasted like a sweet teriyaki. Tasty though. Next were the zucchini cakes and the mahi-mahi. The zucchini cakes were tasty, if not a little lacking flavor and salt. They were also room temp., not warm. The mahi-mahi was our least favorite dish, very bland , dry and boring. Normally I wouldn't order this as I find it to always be a boring fish, but one of my dining companions doesn't eat meat so we didn't get to try any of the other yummy meat options on the menu. Our server recommended it so we gave it a try but were disappointed. For dessert we had the avocado-cardamon and olive oil sorbets which were nice and the cheesecake which was really simple and delicious. The service was friendly and our server was very informative and helpful. The prices seem on the cheapish side when you see them on the menu, but after you order a bunch of stuff to share and combine it with wine and dessert, it was a bit steep for this level of restaurant I thought. We each spent $70 (had 2 glasses of wine each). I guess that's normal now a days huh? Anyway, I'll be back to try some of the other dishes. It was a cute little place with very unique flavors.
We were seated right away at a comfortable place at the bar. My friends and I enjoyed several small and large plates and liked every one. My favorite were the shrimp tacos. I wouldn't usually order shrimp, but the waiter recommended them, and he was right. The salmon was also excellent. The restaurant is decorated with a nice, ecclectic style that was interesting to look at, too.
An amazing new place in the Mission that is a must-see and a must-eat. I had the flank stake and it truly was the best preparation I've had in my life. The decor is unique and fun. I can't wait to go again. The owners have done a fantastic job opening with a dynamite menu, a great bar, and a welcoming atmosphere.
my favorite restaurant in the city - decor, food, service are all outstanding and right up my alley. incredibly creative menu, very well executed, at a reasonable price point. thoughtful, kind, friendly owners and staff. most beautiful decor of any restaurant in the city.
I don't understand the hype. Food was way below average and prices were quite high. Two thumbs down.
I love this place. The shrimp tacos, pistachio-crusted salmon and zucchini cakes are all amazing and great for sharing. Love the decor, love the staff, love the wine, too. All I can say is...GO. A great addition to the neighborhood!
LOVE THIS PLACE! The food is EXCELLENT and the atmosphere is just as great! It's bright, colorful, and a little quirky. I came here on Valentine's Day and I definitely don't regret it at all! We sat at the bar & received great service. It can get packed though because the seating is minimal, so be prepared to wait or call ahead for reservations. This restaurant would be appropriate for groups, dates, or even just by yourself. It's a must-try here in SF!
Just when you thought you've tasted all the flavors of the San Francisco culinary rainbow along comes Lolo.This is what our city does best when it comes to food...remixing all interesting and celebrated flavors from the corners of the world -in this case it seems Mexican, Turkish (Mediterranean), and mix them together in creative ways and serve them up in an atmosphere that is both relaxed and funky at the same time. Try the jimica tacos -truly a unique taiste.The staff were all very attentive and knowledgeable.Lolo is my new favorite restaurant!!!
overall, i liked this restaurant. however, we got a bunch of dishes to split and, at the end, i was still starving. also, some of the dishes were total misses. i liked the deep fried salmon but wasn't a huge fan of the panko shrimp everyone was talking about. anyway, the vibe was cool and this could be a good date place, but i am not sure if i will be heading back anytime soon.
My girlfriend and I ate there a few nights ago. Since I live just a few blocks away, I'm always curious about new restaurants in the neighborhood.We just ordered a few appetizers. We tried the Octopus carpaccio with cumin and smoked paprika. This was my favorite out the the three that we tried. I've had this once before at a Mexican restaurant and this was definitely a better version. It was very flavorful. Then we had the calamari. I enjoyed the spices, but would have preferred the calamari to be not so fried. The dipping sauce for this item was great tasting. Then we had scallops. I feel for $9.50 we should have gotten at least three, not just two. They were nice and plump but I would have preferred them cooked just a little longer. The sauce for this item was just OK compared to how the other two items tasted. I should also mention that you're given a wonderful dipping sauce with the bread once you are sit ted.I will definitely return to this restaurant as I was impressed by the food, I just wish it wasn't so expensive. Or at least I wish that they would have given us more octopus on the plate and 3 scallops instead of just two.Currently the menu isn't that extensive, especially for entree selections. However, I definitely recommend giving this restaurant a try especially if you like your food to have great flavors.Service was good and friendly, but I felt at times that our particular waitress was a little aggressive in trying to get us to purchase more drinks and food. If we were wealthier, then we would have.I look forward to returning to this restaurant to try a few more dishes.
My faves: yummy shrimp tacos, tasty stuffed dates, and a surprisingly yummy chocolate mousse dessert (I mean, c'mon, I haven't willingly ordered mousse since I was 16). All the other food was good, too. Not so much a date spot, but great for groups.
i'd give this place a 3.5 if i could. went here on a date a week ago and was immediately charmed by the decor and the accented waiters. i made a reservation, but we didn't need it since we were the first ones there!pro: very attentive and quick service. the food was decent -- we shared a lamb skewer and the duck confit. the portions are meant to be shared so two plates were just about right for the two us. any more and i don't think it would've fit on our table cause the serving plates are ginormous. didn't try the wine.cons: no major cons. it's a small restaurant and filled up quickly. i don't think the food is worth the price, though. tips: there's a mexican joint across the street that serves the best margaritas! go there for after dinner drinks. sorry -- i don't know the name!
Great great food. Had the shrimp tacos, salmon and zucchini cakes and all were delicious. First time there and definitely going back. Can't wait.
me hearts this place!the funky kitschy decor, the outdoor seating (the outdoor patio banquettes are so cute with all the brite colors and fruits), the fantastic service, the delish food, the yummy yummy white wine sangria! i am always on the hunt for white wine sangria and am estatic that we finally found a cool spot that serves it proper. my first visit was for brunch (on the wknd) and the sangria was perfect... went for din another nite and was informed that they only serve sangria at brunch!! *sob* but we were in luck and our server was kind enough to serve us! many glasses all nite! i also asked if they would consider doing pitchers of sangria because we would definetly be down for those...ok..the food... the panko encrusted fish tacos that everyone has been raving about ? believe it! so tasty and amazing... the ricotta stuffed dumpling - not so great, but still interesting and different... the pistacio encrusted salmon - excellent... and the brunch egg dishes are tasty. cant wait to revisit soon!
Unassuming digs with an ambitiously fusion menu. Result? A kickass meal for a very reasonable price. A friend and I came here after a mixer at around 9:30pm because I was determined to try it out from all the great reviews on Yelp and seeing the menu on Eater SF. Latin-Turkish fusion? How can that NOT pique your gastronomic curiosity? The decor was very shabby-chic, but I loved it. Lucha libre masks and recycled plastic packages and rice bags adorned the walls. Very fun and chill environment. We ordered the Bodrum-style octopus carpaccio (I loved Bodrum when I visited Turkey and just had to order this), the flash-fried Antep pistachio encrusted salmon with wasabi cream sauce and unagi sauce drizzle and the seared scallops with basil aioli and cold citrus fennel sauce. Yeah, that's the same way I felt when I read those menu items. :) The waiter convinced us to try the signature dish, the panko-encrusted, spice dusted shrimp flash-fried, topped with a tropical relish wrapped in jicama with Chipotle aioli (think fancy shrimp tacos). All four of them were pretty damned impressive. The shrimp tacos were very unique because of the jicama wrap texture. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the mix of flavors bombarded my mouth with sheer joy. I highly recommend any and all of the starter dishes. We also ordered the duck confit with corn tortillas (think duck confit tacos served in a peking duck style set). I was least impressed by this dish, but it wasn't bad. I think next time I'll try the flank steak. We finished off with the lighter of the two dessert options, a marscapone and quince stack that unlike any dessert I've had before, although it took getting used to. The service was great (but as expected for a restaurant only four weeks old). My water glass was filled instantly and the waiter was very helpful and friendly. Get to Lolo before it becomes overrun and the waits get ridiculously long!
lolo's was yummy, inventive cuisine for sure. but i have to say the most points goes for the decor -- its funky, inspiring interior really makes for a nice stage to serve the interesting flavours of their menu. we started with a salad that impressed us with its size. usually salads at tapas-type places are a small handful of greens dressed with equally tiny portions of salad fixins. but this was a salad, and it tasted as big as it looked. we also started with their special appetizer which consisted of dates stuffed with chorizo and drizzled with what i think was a mole type sauce --- mmmm, amazing flavours, sweet and savory. the wine list was great as well, any place that serves my new favourite white (an austrian veltliner) by the glass is a friend of mine. i would happily return to lolo.
i love lolo. super unique food combinations, great range of flavors and such a funky kitschy interior that you have to just love it. to top it all off, the service is super friendly and the prices are right.
What can I say? I heart Lolo. It is hands down one of the most innovative restaurants in the city. The food is absolutely delicious and the menu is the opposite of boring. If you are board of "the usual", come here. You will come back. It is extremely reasonably priced for the quality and the staff is great.
i'm sitting in the bathroom listening to the waves crashing and admiring the beach scene on the wall desperately wishing i could either empty my stomach the normal way or suddenly develop bulimia so i can wash my hands clean of the first meal, go back out order another bottle of wine and reorder the panko fried shrimp jicama tacos.
charming little restaurant, wonderful food. Shrimp tacos, duck confit, empanadas all amazing. Check out the bathroom-- so fun! will definitely be back.
great food, great service, great price, and eco friendly! get the shrimp taco on jicama....
i love Lolo, the people are so friendly and will always do there best to accommodate you. Twice I have gone to SF last minute from LA and tried to get reservations last minute and they always find a way to get me in. A friend of mine said he went there recently and there table was not ready yet , the host brought out champagne on the house while they waited. Enough about that. The FOOD is fabulous everything you eat well almost everything is accompanied by an astonishingly fresh and flavorful sauces. There tuna tacos are some of the best you will ever eat. We got the octopus and it was sliced super thin and was so flavorful. Also, taco tropical is fabulous. It is a lot of fun to go with friends and just order tons of tapas the menu constantly changes so it is always great to ask your waiter there favorites. The decor is fun and the bathroom has a noise machine that plays waves, 2 more good reasons to go. At the end of the day it is great food and good wine. Go and enjoy!
what an amazing experience. a unique establishment with an amazing menu. great waitstaff and service, even when they are busy. the pistachio encrusted salmon and heirloom tomato salad were amazing, along with everything else we ordered. this is definitely my new favorite place :)
I've been thinking about it recently, and Lolo is seriously one of the best restaurants in the city. I've been eating at all the famous places lately: Delfina, Beretta, Michael Minna, Greens, Farina, Flour&Water, Maverick, etc. And I realized that they're boring. Sure the execution is flawless, but it's pretty much the same ingredients and the same french-med style preparation and the same farm-to-table taste. Not that it's bad, but when you're looking for something with a little more flavor, a little more adventurous, something you can't find in any big city.. You need the little gems of ethnic fusion foods. And in that category Lolo is absolutely tops. The combo of turkish mexican sounds crazy at first, but it's absolutely excellent. Flavors you will have never had, things you wouldn't think of - even as a foodie. To balance the flavors like this.. it's true artful cooking. And they change the menu frequently - the chef here has range. Add it up and I realized this little neighborhood eccentric spot is the diamond of san francisco.
this place is cute, but i don't know if i'd ever come back. the food was tasty and different so it was nice to try something new. we were seated outside on these makeshift booths that were covered with different patterned fabric. i had duck confit and my husband had the steak. my duck confit was pretty much glorified duck tacos that left me wanting more. the portions are on the smaller side and we were both pretty hungry. i think if you want to try different flavors, you should try this place but at the same time i think there are plenty of other places in SF to experiment with. i gotta give props to the hostess there though. she was supernice.
I read a few of the reviews of Lolo before I went last week and I wasn't sure what to expect. My friend and I ordered the octopus, scallops, stuffed pepper and carrot/beet salad, and the tacos. The tacos were alright (it was the last item to arrive and we were full), but everything else was fantastic.  The flavors were so unique and creative-- we just about licked the sauces off the plates. I also loved the glass of the Malbec that the waiter recommended and now wish I could remember where it was from. The service was friendly and helpful. Also loved: the tongue-in-cheek bathroom, and the "tray" that your check arrives in (I think ours was Australian Sheepdogs).
Oh Lolo, your seats are so cute, the interiors are so hip, the kitschy ambiance is so damn good, the music was good too.....but you're a restaurant, no? And the food? Wait, did we pay 82 bucks for 10 uninspiring calamari (wait, were are the calamari? Oh, I see something like a rubber band inside the panko), 4 flat ravioli (I mean, what's the point of stuffing pasta if you don't see the stuffing?), a teeny green salad, a transparent plate of venison carpaccio (with some petrified slices) and a bottle of cheap Cava Rose' ? Let me take the calculator.....hell yes, we did! And the service was horrible too....and the bread was hard as a stone......but the spoons on the wall were lovely and so was the books on Saint Bernards that came with the bill. I felt so damn stupid when I saw the taqueria at the corner of Mission and 22nd. We walked home with the shame of being ripped-off...you know what I mean?
great small plates, not cheap, fun to sit at the bar.
this place is so bizarre and so fantastic, I can't tell you. great interior, if they get lamp shades for the harsh bulbs above the bar. the food was phenom. totally strange dishes, but absolutely delicious. perfect san francisco. take new yorkers. they'll freak. they need to drop the prices 15% to make me a regular, though. I left still hungry, but desperately wanting more.
The place I was headed to for dinner this Friday night was closed. . . so I walked around and saw Lolo's. I wasn't all that sure about it, but it looked interesting. We gave it a try, and I was blown away. There are few places in the city that have food so wonderful that you remember it forever, and Lolo's is one of those places. The decor is also very fun. The service was wonderful. And the price was not bad, $25 per person with drinks, several shared apps and entrees and dessert. Oh, and the bathroom rocks : ) I read past reviews and I think all the negative comments have been fixed, as the restaurant is now two months old, and worked through the kinks. The only warning I might give is, don't expect large portions. They are on the small side, but our server let us know if we needed more, and we walked away full.
Lolo provided a great night with recycled style that revolutionized itself into glamour - not only in decor, but food as well. Although simple in ingredients, the flavors were full & well-bodied, mixing various palatable textures and senses (sweet, salty, sour, spicy) into its plates. Enjoyed the roasted tomato puree that accompanied the warm bread, ordered the mahi mahi, and the duck confit tacos. I would say they were all very good, although I'd have to say the "fanciness" of the duck confit taco was not satisfied on my price/quality matrix. I think I could have been easily satisfied going to one of the wonderful local tacqueries in this area and having a tacos with al pastor at a lower price. *licks lips* I was very amazed though by the mahi mahi, in the way that each part of the plate (top and bottom) accompanied and contrasted each other. I'd definitely come back. Laurel B. was right, it was good.
