I don't go to Dogpatch often, but when I do, I make sure I visit a pizza shop with 4.5 stars on Yelp, and it did not disappoint!We had the Loading Dock, and both the crust and toppings are superb. The staff are very down-to-earth and friendly. I'm also glad they keep the price reasonable. Will definitely come back next time I'm in the neighborhood.
From Top to bottom, I had a pleasant experience here and would stop here ANYTIME I'm in the Dogpatch. I was actually sad to leave because I had somewhere to be. All I can really say here is have a little trust in Yelp reviews, and you won't be led astray.Pizza - A+, I ordered a small sausage, and added mushroomBeer - A, Usual craft selectionService - A+ two people running the joint everyone in the establishment had attention and they were always alert, ready to answer questions. Tip: Only small thing is that the internet is a lost cause because the "register will crash with too many users."
When in the Dogpatch, dine here!It's been over five years since my last review. After eating at Long Bridge last night, I feel inspired. Here's the backdrop. I was in SF for the evening to catch my first DMB show at Pier 70. In advance of the show, we were looking for some quick eats around the Dogpatch. Serpentine was pretentious and the bbq joint around the corner was packed. That left Long Bridge. Not knowing a darn thing, we squeezed into the small dining room and made our way to the counter. The gentleman behind the counter was pleasant and helpful. Long Bridge has a simple formula, pizza, salad and beer/wine. The place was packed and yet, 30 minutes later, we had our veggie pizza. The pizza was piping hot, straight from the oven. In recent years, I have fallen in love with wood fired pizza. LBPC had it going on. Crust, thin and well done, but not burned. You know that consistency when you get the crunch and then the light, doughy interior. There was a nice balance of sauce and product. No one vegetable dominated the flavor of the pizza. The pizza was excellent. Looking around the room, other customers were having a similar experience. And that's a good thing.Price: above averageService: solidAmbiance: small place, can be cozy or clausterphobic depending on the crowd
It's simple. Pizza & salad. That's it.It's casual. Order & pay at the counter, sit where you like, & they bring it out when it's ready. It's small. It really is a hole in the wall. But, it's a really nice hole.Each of the above components are a good thing in my book. Sometimes in life, a person needs a simple pizza meal. No 3 hour wait, no 4 page menu of 30 different pizza options. Just something simple.Am I right?Less is more. It's all about quality, not quantity here.The pies are either small or large. We went w a large 1/2 loading dock, & 1/2 meatball. They're fast. Our pizza took about 5 minutes to arrive at our table.It's huge. I laughed when the server set it down in front of us. In a world of small artisan pies, this was a nice surprise.Absolutely delicious. The thin crust was solid throughout & full of buttery flavor. I usually leave the edges. I didn't this time.The sauce. Holy cow good. Not too sweet, not too tart. Perfectly seasoned & balanced. Props.The meatball was outstanding. Easily my favorite. This pizza was first rate all the way. The meat was uber tender & full of flavor. A home run.My man loved the loading dock more. Soppressatta, sausage, & mushroom. I myself found this meat combo to be a bit overpowering. But it's a sure-fire winner for any meat lover.A great pie.4 & 1/2 stars.
We always get a small Loading Dock and a small white pie add pepperoni. It is so delicious. This is the best pizza in SF, hands down. Support these peeps so they can open like 20 stores throughout the bay. THE. BEST. PIZZA.
Great neighborhood pizza joint. The crust is thin but substantial enough to hold up the massive amount of toppings in their loading dock pizza. One large pizza is enough for both the BF and me with a couple slices to take home for a snack. I only wished Long Bridge was open on Sundays because Sundays are lazy days and no one likes to cook on lazy days, amiright?
DELICIOUS! Came here with two other people on a weekend night. Shared a pizza (The Loading Dock) and it was amazing. The place is a little small, but they also do takeout. We sat at the high tables which were a little crowded, but it was fine. Will definitely be coming here often!
neil and andrew are the shit. best pizza in san francisco, hands down. every flavor is legit, but i prefer the mushroom and a special they once had, and may sometimes still offer, with arugula and lemon zest. get whatever, though - you can't go wrong.
Great pizza.  Great topping combinations. A bit packed but worth the wait. Favorite is the sausage pizza.
Needing to feed a group of friends during game night, I decided to takeout two pizzas on the way home from the gym. Long bridge pizza is a very simple operation with nothing but 8 pizzas on the menu and two specials hand written on a piece of paper on the counter. Surprisingly they also have a small selection of really quality beers on tap. I guess this kind of fits in with the dogpatch bar theme this area is moving towards.Initially, I thought I was going to order the loading dock pizza since it looked like the meatiest option, but when I saw the meatball special I quickly changed my mind and opted for that instead. This meatball pizza was listed as having provolone, ricotta, roasted garlic, mozzarella, calabrian chili paste, tomato sauce, parmesan and meatballs. That is an impressive list to all go on one pie. For good measure though, I added pepperoni on it as well. This pizza was fantastic and I'm glad I made that switch. The chili paste really complemented the meats and cheeses, all of which were piled on in generous amounts. I also brought home a white pie, the only option without tomato sauce, and added pepperoni on that as well. It was good, but not quite as tasty as the special. The crusts on both were above average and nicely crisped on the bottom. Overall, Long Bridge Pizza certainly has potential. There are a few problems I have here though. If it is trying to sell itself as a good spot on a barhopping tour through dogpatch, it needs to extend its hours at least on the weekends until later in the night. If it is instead going for a restaurant style, it needs to expand its menu. Until that point, it is only going to be a takeout option for me which I suppose is "A-OK."
I hate to be the resident Yelp naysayer because I'm usually a spark plug of positivity when it comes to consensus-driven praise. Am I right? Am I RIGHT? Yes I am. But I have to admit the pizza here disappointed me and Jamie W. Are you shocked? Sit down, you look a bit peeked. Look, I'm not particularly picky when it comes to pizza, and I'm no snob when it comes to electric vs. wood-fired ovens. After all, I grab two slices of 2 Bros Pizza whenever I'm in New York because it costs me $2.75 and I get a free soda to boot. Long Bridge is not 2 Bros, but it is a true pizzeria since they serve nothing but pizza. No salads. No pasta. No cannoli. Just pizza. Oh, a few sweets on the counter and some bottled and canned beverages, but you know what I mean. It's a much smaller place than we expected.It was packed on Saturday when we first made an attempt to eat there, so we came back on a lazy Monday evening when the sidewalks of this stretch of 3rd Street are pretty desolate. As Cookie Lyon says, the streets ain't for everybody. That's why they built sidewalks. That doesn't have anything to do with the pizza here, just a cheap ploy to bring up "Empire". Anyway, Monday around 6PM is a good time to come here since there wasn't anyone at the tables, just a few people picking up pies to go. There are eight pizzas on the menu (photo: bit.ly/1N4JMeD) plus a special, that night's was Meatball. The pizza guy alleviated our obvious indecision by telling us we can order a half-and-half. Cool. We decided to have a large pie with Mushroom on one size and Kalamata Olives on the other.Tomato sauce and bits of garlic covered the whole pizza, and while mozzarella was not usually on the kalamata pizza, we had them add mozzarella over all of it. Take a look at the result (photo: bit.ly/1FQMPXl). We were really disappointed by the paucity of olives, barely one per slice, while the mushroom side was on the generic side with the mushrooms pulverized to almost a pulp. The mozzarella was present in every bite, but the cracker-style crust didn't impress us despite the char around the less-than-fluffy edges. It was thin without lending much support to the skimpy toppings. Total cost was $26.44. We were thinking how much more we liked the pizza at Stem Kitchen & Garden on the next block, probably not a great basis for a return visit. Maybe we should try the Loading Dock next time.FOOD - 3 stars...marginally disappointing despite the pedigree and a 700-degree electric ovenAMBIANCE - 3.5 stars...small and gets crowded fast, Saturdays are hard unless you don't mind the waitSERVICE - 3.5 stars...serviceableTOTAL - 3 stars...we were expecting so much more given the uniform praise for their pies, but Long Bridge turned out to be a Long Shot for satisfaction
Best thin crust pizza by far in SF. Loading dock is my flavor. Parking..... Fagetaboutit.... None
My wife says she likes their Pesto.I listen to my wife.Five Stars!Update: Yelp says the previous review was too short...This is where I write a long and boring narrative about how we came upon Longbridge.We traveled. There was drama. There was traffic. I was wearing a hoodie.This is where I get really hyperbolic about a pie.It was good. Really really good. Really really really good.This is the end of the review.End.
Probably my favorite pizza place in the bay so far. Had the loading dock (Mozzarella, Tomato Sauce, Soppressata, Sausage, Mushroom, Garlic, Thyme) this time and it was yummy! Not too salty and good amount of ingredients. The large is $30 and comes with 8 slices.
I had pizza this good just back home in Rome where I grew up. Love it!! Thin crust, fresh ingredients and generally pleasant service. I wish they were open a little longer than 9 pm and definitely open in Sunday because that my pizza day Please open on Sunday
This place has all you need- simple aesthetics, wine, and you guessed it, pizza. Very classy feel; modern and clean. I was impressed with the friendly staff and quick turn around once we ordered our small meatball (yes, meatball) pizza.. Granted..they weren't very busy, but still. Pizza usually feels like it takes decades. Did I mention that we ordered a meatball pizza..?? The caesar salad that I ordered to keep from feeling too guilty was also really tasty, but let's be honest... I wish I just had an extra slice instead. My one tip (and what I plan to do next time) is eat it right away. We walked it home and unfortunately, it was a tad bit cold from the walk. Enjoy!
My go-to in the Dogpatch. Quick, easy and most everyone likes pizza. The perfect place to take friends visiting this 'hood for the first time.Order at the counter and while you wait, have a glass of wine or beer on tap. It takes maybe 15 minutes to get a piping hot pie out of the oven? And be sure to specify if you want a small or large pizza.When in doubt, get the pepperoni. Or if the meatball pizza special is available, just do it!Not cheap, but not SF expensive either.
Awesome pizza, tied for best in city with Tony's I feel! Typically I go with either the Loading Dock or the Sausage, a lot of times one of each if I'm bringing it home.Good selection of beer on draft and everyone is friendly. Parking can be a hassle on 3rd street sometimes since it's no meters, but for pickup there's a few spots to easily put the flashers on and come in to get it.
I can't say enough about Long Bridge Pizza! Truly one of the best if not THE BEST pie in SF. I love the DogPatch area, industrial chic! Service is great! Try it!
Pizza is the bomb! Came here after a long day celebrating New Years and this pizza hit the spot. I can't remember the last time I had non-chain restaurant pizza and this place vastly exceeded expectations. I highly recommend this place. The only downside, they don't have ranch dressing. Something I was able to cope with judging on the deliciousness of the pizza.
For thin crust pizza in the Dogpatch, Long Bridge Pizza is your go-to destination. Located in the now-trendy Third Street corridor, the "dining room" at Long Bridge Pizza echoes the post-industrial character of the neighborhood. Unadorned exposed brick walls, high ceilings, and polished concrete floors do little to distract diners from the real star of the show, the pizza. And with the exception of a Cesar salad ($6.44), thin crust pizza is all there is. From the simple Margherita with mozzarella, tomato sauce, basil, and olive oil (small$12.18/large $22.07) to the overloaded Loading Dock with mozzarella, tomato sauce, soppressata, sausage, mushroom, garlic, and thyme ($15.63/$28.51), all pies are nicely executed. The crust is neither too thick, nor too thin. Perfectly charred at the edges, it's still slightly chewy in the center.The Margherita is striking in its simplicity, but is held back by non-top shelf ingredients. San Marzano tomatoes and imported organic mozzarella are not in evidence, but the pie is solid nonetheless. With mozzarella, tomato sauce, smoked mozzarella, sausage, red onion, roasted pepper, and parmesan, the sausage pizza ($14.71/$26.21) is pleasantly piquant and delicious. Libations are limited to a couple beers on tap and a few wines. Long Bridge Pizza is not the place to go to get your drink on. Service is fairly snappy. Pies come out in 10 to 20 minutes. And, depending on the number of people, the staff makes an effort to clear used plates. If you are in the Dogpatch and need a pizza fix, head over to Long Bridge Pizza.
We came here for dinner on a Thursday night. We found parking right away in front. There was no wait. Food came out quick.We ordered a large which is way too much for two people so we could do half and half. We did half meatball and half loading dock. The meatball was low on meat and was spicy but was the better of the halves. I think the flavors were more balanced. The loading dock was a bit too mushy with all the mushrooms.Also when I got home I realized we didn't eat any vegetables for dinner.
I've had quite a few pizzas at this place. Some I share, some I say, "screw you, this is mine!" The latest one I had was the pesto pizza and I added sausage. Often times I find that there are pesto pizzas but then they don't use tomato sauce, however this one does! It is very delicious and I reluctantly shared a slice with my boss and other co-worker.I just wish their crust was just a tad bit thinner and crisper but that is my personal preference.
I always go for the Loading Dock. Price is good compared to amicis who's large combo costs $38. I hope Long bridge keeps up the great cooking and prices.
This place lived up to the expectations. I love the simple menu. Awesome pizza, beer and wine...that's it. The Margherita pizza is all I really need.I still prefer wood-fire pizza to the high temp electric ovens but this comes a very second close. Their pizza holds up much better for take-out as it doesn't get soggy. Sourdough + whole wheat crust is fantastic. Imagine if they added small salt crystals to the crust...mmmmm...
Came here with some coworkers on Friday after work! We got three large pizzas - the meatball, loading dock, and white pie/margherita split. We originally ordered two small pizzas instead of a half/half large, but our waiter was super cool and suggested that we do the large split because it was the same and cheaper! Sweet. My favorite was probably the meatball - loads of toppings and the flavor of the meatball was heeeeavenly. Loading dock was also really good - sooo much meat plus mushrooms, my favorite! The white pie and margherita were less amazing and not as flavorful (as expected I guess due to fewer toppings?). Definitely recommend getting the meatball pizza if you're in for a delight!tl;dr meatball and loading dock pizzas were superb! Service was great
What can I say- I really like their pizza. Even after a slight mishap of a missing order tonight, we still love this place. Hands down best pizza in SF. Always tasty, always hot out of the oven. Chef made sure we were taken care of after the missing pizza and we really appreciated that.
I was told that this place held the holy grail for pizza and I was even more excited that it was so close to my apartment. But honestly the pizza here did not blow my mind, nor did it make me want to come back for more.Pizza: I had what I call the "Dump Truck", but the actual name for it is the landing dock. Somehow those two seem to correlate together and to be completely honest I think the name dump truck is a lot more accurate. Why you ask? Tons of crap dumped onto the pizza and the force at which it is shoved into your mouth is just like the actual thing. So lets get right into the pizza. The pizza was good and the toppings on it were very delicious. It's a thin slice of pizza with some crisp to the bottom. If that ins't your thing this might not be a good place for it. But to be completely honest it was a little too much on the topping and not enough cheese. If you're a cheese fan, you might want to consider another pizza. But overall it was still pretty good. Dessert: So this is basically the holy grail when it comes to finding something random. They serve a treat here called "Hey Judes". It's like a 7 layer brownie look alike that simulates amazing explosions in your mouth. It's so weird, but so good at the same time. The bad part is that they sell it for $2 a pop. But honestly sooooo worth it if you have a sweet tooth. Try it out. Seriously.Overall the place was so-so. Nothing to spectacular except for the holy grail. Will be back for more on that.
great thin crust pizza that i will definitely think about when in the Dogpatch. super tasty, pretty classic flavors. quick service and a very chill spot.
It was good, wish they would let me split a small in half of two types of pizzas. Overall, I liked it, but it wasnt as amazing as I imagined by the other reviews.
OMFG, the best pizza in San Francisco! I ordered a small Loading Dock (with delicious Soppressata on it! mmmmm), boyfriend ordered a small meatball. Both were flavorful, with a tender buttery crust that stood against the will of the toppings. And speaking of toppings - just enough to be delicious, but not too much where the pie was overwhelmed. Everything tasted fresh.All in all, this is my new go-to spot for pizza, when it's time for a cheat meal. :)
What you need to know about this place:1.) It's the only pizza join in the area, hence they charge absurd prices for what you get. Imagine paying almost $25 (including tax) for a large (not huge) cheese pizza.2.) What you get is thin, albiet tasty depending on which pie you get, pizza that always appears to be burnt in certain places.3.) If you order over the phone, prepare to wait when you get there, as they seem to consistently underestimate how long it takes them to make their pizzas. Mystifying.4.) What you get, if you order a half-and-half pie, is a full charge for the amount of the more expensive half. That's right. Order a pizza with half cheese and half specialty, and you pay for a full specialty pizza. Nowhere do they make this apparent until you get your receipt (which you have to specifically ask for). When asked about why this is their policy, they shrug and tell you that's just how it is. Borderline criminal and a downright rip-off.I am all about helping small business, but this place isn't run by the most ethical people. It would also be more excusable if you paid $30 for a pizza and actually got enough food to feed more than 1.5 hungry people (given how thin the pizza is). Give your money to restaurants who don't make a living by deceiving you, or blatantly overcharging for what they provide you. Simpy put, eat somewhere else.
i live in dogpatch, so being able to walk and get pizza automatically earns 1-2 stars in my mind. but then having good tasting food and a friendly staff? BONUS.{ atmosphere : 4 stars }* love the reclaimed wood walls* a little small, but good enough* can get stuff on a warm day* clean/simple design{ food : 4.5 stars }* pizzas are simple, but good- limited selection, no sides, salads, etc. (would've given 5 stars if they had more options{ staff : 5 stars }* as previously mentioned, friendly and willing to serve (with a great attitude){ misc }* decent amount of street parking ('easy' for SF)* to go orders usually take about 15 mins (so don't call too far in advance)
Is this real life? My boyfriend and I finally got to try this place out the day after I got ROTD for pizza hacker! We were redirected there last time we tried to dine here when their oven wasn't working so we were super psyched! Found nearby street parking on a perfectly sunny Saturday afternoon. I'm pretty sure the owner remembered us since he asked if we checked out Pizzahacker. I love when owners aren't invisible and actually go out and talk to their customers! We ordered half white half mushroom pizza. We got a large and it was HUGE! I think it was $24.50. It ended up working out perfectly because my boyfriend loved the mushroom and I was all about the white pizza. They don't skimp on toppings at all and the crust was perfect. I even took the leftover crust home to dip into ranch. My boyfriend noted the crust had a sour taste that he loved! The decor and ambiance is perfect and actually reminiscent of neighbor Serpentine the wood paneling and high ceilings. High tables, bar seating by the window, and booths. You order at the counter and they bring out the pizza to you with super nice service from the blonde cashier! Now here is where it gets crazy. My boyfriend and I were just eating our pizza and the owners Dad, Greg, came up to us and offered his AMAZINGLY good Giants seats for that days game! He was going to take his son there but he had to work so he just gave us the tickets! WTF! Let me reiterate, IS THIS REAL LIFE?! The seats were like four rows behind home plate in the stadiums premium field club! He also gave us a parking pass and when I ran back to tip the cashier Greg saw I was still there and he went to his car and gave me a Giants hat and a calendar. WTF!! I was all whyyyyy stop giving me stuff!!!! He is like Santa!!!! I seriously still cannot believe this happened!! Thank you thank you thank you if you're reading this!!!**This event has no reflection on my five star review. Anyone who knows me knows I eat pizza practically every night! Its my favorite food and now I have a new favorite pizza place! The best part was going back to my car and eating the leftover pizza slices omnomnomnom. Perfect addition to my neighborhood!
Came to this pizza joint since I'm new the neighborhood and had a great time! The owner was very welcoming and was happy to offer up a sampling of the wine to make sure we were happy. Definitely planning to return soon!
The Loading Dock is amazing. It's so good I have branched out.They have lots of styles without red sauce which is not my thing, so I've got limited insight. But yummy!
First off, the pizza is great. I've tried a few of their pizzas and not once have I had a bad experience. Today, although there was a miscommunication on what I had ordered, they not only let me keep the mistake order but quickly made me the correct pizza without any issue. This to me, makes a great establishment where the hospitality is on point.
This is officially now my favorite pizza place in ALL OF San Francisco. It's SOO GOOD! I hesitate to write a review, because I know this place is going to blow up and I'll have to wait in a 2 hour line to get pizza. But It's just so good!  I went yesterday and shared a large Loading Dock between the two of us, and it was delicious. The sausage, mushrooms, and the Soppressata was just amazing. I was skeptical at first, they had no side dishes, just 8 pizzas and a special on their menu. No chicken wings, no salads, nothing! But the pizza impressed me so much. I've been to Naples, Italy, I've had Tony's in North Beach, I consider myself a pretty high standard pizza girl! I was completely blown away at this little dogpatch pizza place! Then now I understand why, after reading about the owners on SF Eater! The owners used to work at Tony's PIzza Napoletana, A16, and Pizza Hacker!! What better combination can you ask for, when you have the best pizza experts in SF opening a restaurant up!
Kind of pricey, but super tasty. I kind of wish there was a soda fountain or something. Is there one? I don't know. Is it too bourgeois a neighborhood for a soda fountain? Dude, no idea. Anyway, the pizza is good.
Excellent pizza and great beer selection on tap. Small, can seat maybe 25 but I will be back again!
One of the best pizzas in Dogpatch. If you're in the mood for meat, get the Loading Doc. If you're up for a veggie pizza, get the mushroom. All pizzas have the right amount of toppings. It's thin crust, and I believe might be a mellow sourdough. I'm here often. The team that works here is very friendly and helpful. If you like things extremely spicy, ask for the habenero pepper flakes. Better value than Piccino (though Piccino's Funghi pizza is still my favorite in SF).
Pizza I CAN eat, rejoice!Long Bridge has an excellent white pizza of spinach, garlic, olive oil, mozzarella and ricotta cheese. I love a good thin crust and Long Bridge executed it perfectly. Normally, I like to dip my crust into a sauce but it wasn't necessary as the crust was not overly dry. The spinach was sweet and not lost amongst the creamy cheeses. Small limited menu, but that probably works in their favor because this place isn't that big. I think they offered 3 or 4 pizzas with 2 specials. We had 2 smalls (1 margherita and my white pizza) and they were ready in 10 minutes. Seriously rooting for these guys because I have become picky about pizza and I really liked this.
4.5 STARSWhen it comes to food, we're polar opposites. He usually wants a mountain of msg coated Peking Spareribs or a Teriyucki Bento Box. I usually want New American, Californian cuisine because I like the use of local and organic ingredients. This, however, translates to $$$ and I usually get a disgruntled Al Bundy look with empty pockets followed by the "shoot me" gesture. Hey, who ever said, dating was cheap right?We've found pizza to be a good medium because it's cheap and filling. Plus, I love me a good neopolitan style pizza. After reading that Long Bridge softly opened several days ago by dudes who use to work at Tony's, A16, Pizza Hacker I just had to try it. I'm a fan of the former two (wasn't very keen on Pizza Hacker) so Long Bridge seemed very promising. A block away from Mr. & Mrs. Miscellaneous, Long Bridge is a tiny pizza joint with just 3 tables and 6 counter seats. They currently have just 4 pizzas on their soft opening menu: Margherita, Sausage, Pepperoni & White (spinach, ricotta & Garlic) for only $12-$14.50 each for a small size including tax. They source all local and organic ingredients when possible. Cc's accepted. I recently fell in love with Vegetarian pizzas so the White Pizza ($13.50): bit.ly/1eJwK4d was calling my name. The quintessential part of a solid neopolitan style pizza is the crust and Long Bridge has IT down. Nicely blistered, the leopard spotted crust was crackly with a nice, chewy bite. I like how the pizza stayed crisp throughout because it was sauce-less. The duo of cheese was most delicious; the mozzarella was stretchy and the ricotta creamy. It could of used more garlic but the pizza was excellent nonetheless. Mr. NSS ordered the Sausage Pizza ($14.50): bit.ly/1oJ5IT9 which I thought was ok. The sausage was very flavorful but the sauce was a bit too tart for my liking. The small pizza is good enough to share because we both only ate half our pizzas. I love Piccino nearby but I think Long Bridge is going to give them a run for their money. Can't wait to return to see what other pizza concoctions they come up with for their grand opening menu. One with oozing yolk porn please!
Thin tasty crust, perfect amount of topping/cheese/sauce ratio. Not so much that you lose the flavor of the basic pizza, but you get the flavor of the topping with each bite.The service was very friendly, and very efficient.
I've tried several of the pizzas there and at home, and enjoyed all of them. The Loading Dock, Margherita and the mushrooms ones are probably my favorites. The crust has always been perfectly chewy and crispy in the right places. I just wish they were open on Sundays.
On the hunt for pizza that wasn't goat hill or little star and came upon this gem in Dogpatch. Parking was a bit of an issue since it's along the main strip on 3rd. I typically park in the back closer to Oliver's butcher shop so I don't worry about going around and around in circles. Ordering was simple enough, they have square I believe for cards. Got a number and patiently waited. We went all out and got 2 different small pizzas to get some variety. Pizza was great - freshly made for us so yeah, you're gonna wait for a bit. Be patient, totally worth it.
Cute pizza shop with limited seating, no reservations - order at the counter and get a number (no slice pizza, no appetizers, minimal desserts). They sell bottled beer and wine ($10 corkage) but no hard liquor, however you can take your pizza to a nearby bar. The pizzas are not as burnt and fluffy crusted as I expected but they were still really tasty. The pizzas are quite large and come out in 10-20 minutes, and I like that they give you plates so you can eat your pizza at the neighboring bars!* Small pizzas - Serve 1-2 people (Range: $12-$15)* Large pizzas - Serve 1-3 people (Range: $22-25). We had 7 people and could have eaten 2 larges and a small. You can order two flavors on the large.* LOADING DOCK - very meaty, a bit overwhelming but good* SAUSAGE - Simple and delicious, I think my favorite* WHITE PIE - This was good but not my favorite, the ricotta gives it an interesting texture.* MUSHROOM - Always a good choice.Really great, fresh, high value pizzas. I prefer Zero Zero (GASP) over Long Bridge, but I prefer Long Bridge over PizzaHacker. Would definitely return but wish they weren't all the way out in Dog Patch!
The neighborhood pizza joint. Quality pizza and great draft beers. Recommend the meatball pizza with ricotta and chilis.
pesto pizza pesto pizza pesto pizza
Love love this pizza place! They do a sour dough crust which is so unusual yet so San Francisco !! The guy who runs it ( I probably have asked him his name every one of our fifty visits) is just amazing. We had a tradition of hitting this spot every Saturday with our pup who also loved their pizza. The staff would deliver to our car as an exception , which shows their thoughtfulness. It's a small business and I love that we are ale to support it. For me this place is about the delish toppings as well as the friendly guys = perfect combo
Simple pizza place with a clean decor. My girlfriend and I ordered a large (half Margherita and half Loading Dock) and were very pleased. The ingredients were fresh and generously distributed. We were impressed at how fast the pizza was prepared and cooked for us. I liked how the staff checked in on us to make sure we liked the pizza (cashier and one of the cooks).There are seats for about 20 people, but most people take it to go. Easy parking and no crowds with friendly service. I'm definitely coming back for more!
The Loading Dock - great sauce, great toppings + amazing SOURDOUGH crust = pure awesomeness!
How have I not reviewed this place before? And how does this place not have a solid five-star rating. Possibly the best pizza I've ever had hands-down, and a kick-ass caesar salad too.
I was craving pizza and came across Long Bridge Pizza Co. The cheese pizza was good-- great outer crust and thin like I like it. The tomatoes/tomato sauce was yummy, too. Interior- pretty minimalistic, cool bar stoolsService- awesome, everyone was friendly and the cashier was super sweetLooks like they have beer and wine as well, will have to come back and partake in that if I'm in the area again. It's pretty quiet midday during the week, maybe it picks up after work?
Pretty solid. Ordered the LD and the salchicha was crispy. Overall the pizza was chewy which is different but good. Nice to find this spot in the dogpatch.
They have scrumptious pizza! We stuffed our mouths so full that there was no conversation just humming with pleasure! My favorite so far is the mushroom.
We'd heard good things and maybe our expectations were out of whack, but the food was so-so. That's a real shame, we live within walking distance and who doesn't want a great pizza place within walking distance? It's probably a great place if you're jonesing for pizza and in a bar down the street, but in a city with so many great options just a taxi or delivery app away it's not something I'm excited about.
Been here 6 times since my first review. My favorite is the loading dock and the meatball. Now they have beer and wine so nothing is better then pizza and beer! If you love pizza you need to give this place a try you will not be disappointed!
Great pies small place tight knit nice beers on tap, and chill local owners. What else matters. It's pizza
I ordered three large pies for delivery - a margherita, a white, and a loading dock. All were outstanding. The ricotta on the white and the quality of the meats on the loading dock were both standouts. I received a useful tip on finding parking nearby (thank you - I was in a hurry!), an inventory of paper plates, napkins, parm, and chili flake, and a uber-friendly cashier who checked me out quickly and made me feel like he appreciated my business. Umm...yes please and I'll be back for sure! Well done, Long Bridge Pizza Co!!
Voted best pizza in Dogpatch by Thrillist and you can see why; they have some amazing pies! Thin, cheesy and not too greasy. Ideal for carry out, but they have a decent size, comfortable dining area and you even buy some brews!
Such a great place! Very simple, yet delicious. And most importantly.. It was affordable. Staff was pleasant as well. I would definitely go back again
So glad this place opened up in the neighborhood! It gives the area a little more variety than what it has already and to top it off their pizza is actually really amazing. Their menu is currently a bit small for my liking (serving only pizza), but it is GOOD pizza! I love their sourdough type crust and super fresh ingredients. I haven't been disappointed yet.
The loading doc pizza is great. Amazing crust. Some of the best pizza in the city.
We decided to visit Long Bridge again and this time we opted for a large between the two of us. It ended up being the perfect size. We did a half Margherita and half sausage. Although the Margherita was fantastic the sausage was exceptionally delicious. The red onions, the sausage, the sauce all worked deliciously and harmoniously together. I'm going to have to say Long Bridge has been officially added as another favorite for pizza in SF.
Great Pizza. The crust is really what makes this pizza great. I went here with friends the other night and we got 4 small pizzas to share.Loading dock - perfect mixture of meatsWhite Pie - the ricotta!Margherita - the sauce made this pizza Mushroom - if you love mushrooms, this ones for youThe pizza isn't oily at all, the texture is perfectly soft and chewy. Everything tasted fresh.The location is easy to get to, had no problem finding parking around the block. The space isn't too big but you should be able to find a table once people are done eating. The staff was friendly and accommodating. I'll be back here for sure.
Came in today and I think the register lady should have worked at hooters. Very unfriendly
Dear Long Bridge,Thank you for not f$!cking up my pizza. Everything about your pies is on point. Don't change the recipe. Keep doing what you're doing. You're the only spot in this city I will happily eat pizza. Because you're the only one that gets it. Sincerely,Born and bred New Yorker
I got the loading dock to go and it was perfect. I called towards closing time and the staff was friendly and had the pizza ready in 10 minutes. The pizza was a perfect combination of flavors
Cruised in today (Monday, President's Day) at 2:45pm and folks were warm and attentive even though we crimped their 3pm closing time. Ordered 2 pizzas: Truck Load and Sausage for our crew of 6. Very tasty, my sister's new favorite place for takeout. The crust is thin and cooked very well, a little of that chewiness. I'm more of a fan of crispy crust (just personal preference) but I liked this crust too. The place is small and cozy. I would love to see more options of toppings but also respect their focus on a few quality combos.
I don't care if you think you know pizza, you haven't had Long Bridge. The pizza was sooooooo delicious and the service was excellent. Not too many choice do it doesn't confuse you on which good pizza to order. I must say this sausage pizza is very tasteful!!! And you know your mom told you to eat your greens so make sure you get this Cesar salad; which by the way, I don't even like, put I wanted to lick the bowl. Didn't want to set a bad example for the kids though. Come in enjoy the atmosphere cause that's nice too. Tell 'em Dana sent you. Enjoy
Love,Love, Loved the pizza! We ordered a loading dock, the Margherita and the White. All were perfect! They came out quickly and were amazing. The customer service was just as great as the pizza! The staff was so friendly and attentive but not overwhelming. The feel of the place is so cozy and welcoming. I will be returning very soon.
After reading about this place, we decided to try it out last Saturday.Keep in mind: there is very limited seating, and no wine or beer yet.(which isn't a problem, there's cool places to imbibe nearby.)We shared 2 small pizzas amongst 3 people.We probably should have gotten another one, but I was satisfied,We shared the margherita and the sausage,. I preferred the margherita, but my hubby and friend liked the sausage better.It took a bit too long to get our pizzas, (since i know they bake for a VERY short time.) Since they're so new, I wasn't upset about that.The guys working here seem passionate about what they're doing. One of the owners came out to discuss pizza dough making with my husband, (who was attempting it the next day.)While this isn't the best pizza of this style I've had, it was really good.Seems like a great neighborhood place, and even if you aren't in the neighborhood, give this place a try.I hope these guys have great success!
Loading Dock!!! I always split a large size with my co-worker. It's the only pizza we order.
Easily one of the best spots to get a napoletana style pizza. The crust is thin but still has the right amount of doughiness. Their red sauce is well seasoned and the texture is not too runny or thick. I finish everything including my pizza bones here. Obviously, the ultimate test for good pizza is the next day test and I'll eat it shamelessly cold.
Great pizza - large pizza is good for two hungry people. It's a strong 4.5 star restaurant - but yelp doesnt have half stars :P. I'll be back - the pizza is not cheap, but it's definitely worth it. I had the margarita pizza and maybe i'll have something else next time.
Best pizza I have had in awhile. Got to meet the owner who is super great too! Simple menu you can't go wrong. They close between 3pm and 5pm so check their hours. A must if you are in the neighborhood!
No better than any other place which only makes pizzas via gas or electric ovens. And very, very few pizzerias in this entire town grind, slice, mince, chop, or make their own ingredients, Most are already pre-cut or pre-packaged and delivered to most pizzerias which then simply toss or lay out the stuff on the pizza before baking. No pizza is as authentic with rich flavors as those baked in real wood grilled ovens of which there are less than handful in supposedly historically Italian influenced San Francisco. If I have to have gas or electric baked pizza with pre-shredded or sliced ingredients, I'd rather pay less by buying them at franchises.
3.5 stars, but I rounded up.The guys here make a solid pizza with an excellent crust (that's my favorite part of a pizza!) so it's a nice addition to the neighborhood. Pizzas ranged from $12-15.50 for a small, $22-28 for a large. A small is 12' in diameter, I think the large is 18". My friend and I tried 2 pizzas:The Loading Dock ($15.50 for a small, $28 for a large): sausage, sopressata, mushroom, thyme, mozzarella, garlic. The sausage and sopressata made it hearty and delicious. But unfortunately the mushrooms were slimy like canned mushrooms... Did they run out of fresh shrooms or were they just miscooked? Also, I was disappointed I couldn't taste the thyme more. All that said, this was still a 4 star pizza. The Kalamata Olive & Garlic ($12 for a small, $22 for a large): olive, garlic, parmesan (no mozzarella). I was grateful that the garlic was not overpowering but there were so few olives on this pizza! Only about 3 slices - slices, not whole olives - per slice of pizza. A little too minimalistic, I think.In summary, I'd say the crust is great but the toppings failed to impress me and for that reason, the price is just a tad high. But since I live nearby and their crust is great and their service is friendly, I'll probably be back to give it another shot.
Awesome! So happy to have a good margherita pizza in Dogpatch! The girl at the register was warm and friendly, pizza tastes fresh and it's reasonably priced.
Love the pizza. Very friendly service. They need to work on getting take out working. They are constantly messing up orders and that is not cool.
Their pizzas are SO good! I haven't gone wrong here yet. My favorites are usually their specials that they sometimes have but of their staples the loading doc and white pizza are my faves. The crust is sourdough, I think, so you get that nice sour crust next to their amazingly flavorful marinara (on most pizzas) and you are in pizza heaven. The owners are a couple of nice young guys who are clearly proud of the place, as they should be! Oh and their sizes are big compared to some other overpriced places that give you a personal for the price of a large. So glad they joined the 'hood!
Fantastic pizza place with a cozy feel. Love that there is parking nearby and no wait in hour long lines. :). Originally from NYC, I've been spoiled by delicious thin slice NY style pizza that is close to no where to be found on the West Coast. However, Long Bridge is 1 of 2 of my favorite pizza joints that I have come to love and enjoy.The thin crust is crispy, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside; the burnt parts also add a great smokey flavor to it without tasting carcinogenic. The sauce is pretty fine and the variety of toppings are fresh.I've tried the Margherita, the Pepperoni, the Sausage and the Loading Dock and they were all great. The Margherita is simple when you don't want to eat too much. The Pepperoni is a bit on the oily side but is great if you like the taste of pepperoni. The sausage and the Loading Dock are both delicious; The Loading Dock also comes with mushrooms and Sopressata which is some type of salam, which added a great slightly more salty and crispy meat flavor to the Loading Dock, compared to just the sausage.I've met the owner and he is friendly and really down to earth; he seems very passionate about his work. This is a nice little gem that's not too crowded yet satisfies your pizza cravings. This is my go-to pizza place now! Let's hope this place doesn't turn into one of those hour-long wait places in the near future. =).
We've been going to Long Bridge Pizza couple of times a month for over a year now. The pizza is the highlight. Thin crust, fresh ingredients, tasty just like an Italian pizza should be. The place is busy in the evening. Don't miss the occasional daily pizza special not on the regular menu. They have a nice selection of beer and wine. Staff is friendly.
It's good, solid pizza. This means it has a good crust. Get the Loading Dock. If you have room, get a Margherita for variety. And then get ice cream at Mr. and Mrs. Miscellaneous after for dessert.
Great addition to the dogpatch. Ordered a white pie last night for pickup. Great texture and taste to the crust. I read somwehere that they use a tartine starter for their dough. Good balance of spinach, garlic, and ricotta. Yes, its $30 for a large pizza after tax and tip. But its an amazing pizza and reheats well the next day. The dough will definitely be a emerging pizza trend that you'll see everywhere soon. This pizza is equivalent of living well and spending a little extra money for quality . Like a convertible Sebring rental.
Yelp says they close at 10pm on saturday. We were turned away by some lazy employees at 9pm. Time to get some new workers.
Thought the sausage pizza was just ordinary. The ingredients tasted fresh, but the flavors were just so-so. The sauce was a little too acidic for me without any sweetness, and the cheese was a little sparse.
Long Bridge was my neighborhood go to pizza, and I miss it since moving back to LA. The Loading Dock is awesome and a favourite. The sourdough flavor of the crust is what makes it so delicious and a SF treat! (Way better than Rice-A-Roni!) The staff is always friendly, and the pizza is always hot and delicious - and so is the chef!
Perfect crust. Nice sauce. Go.I am hoping they will figure out a way to deliver to neighborhood bars like Triple Voodoo or Third Rail. (e.g. with reusable package)
Pizzzzza!!! This place has some of the best crust I have ever had! The white pizza is really great but sometimes has a little too much spinach for my taste!! The service is great. They also serve mexican coke, wine, and beer!! Haha!
Was walking down 3rd st to get some BBQ at smokestack and stopped in here real quick to take a whiff of the place and see if it was any good. 1 large pepperoni pizza later, we were blown away. This may be my new favorite pizza place in the city. too bad its in the dogpatch. But I will be back
The pizza was great! They have lots of unique toppings and golden yummy thin crust. The ambience is very easy and casual. To top it off, the dad of an owner GAVE us 4 front row tickets to a Giants game!!!!!!! Service!!! We'll definitely be coming back!
One of our favorite pizza places. This is a great local joint on Third St., without the hype and lines of some other famous places in the city. The pizzas are a wonderful thin crust, and simple and delicious. All ingredients taste very fresh and the pizzas themselves are well crafted. The staff is very friendly as well. They go the extra mile as your are ordering, and then they are very friendly with getting you boxes to take extras home with you.We were always nervous about finding parking, but every time we go, there is ample parking within a block or two (turn off Third St. for the best luck). They don't have a ton of tables, but it all seems to work out and we've never had to wait.
Great fresh ingredients!! If you like thin crust/brick oven style this place kicks a$$, Napoli style at its finest. Try the Loading dock or white pie.Good friendly service
I'm a pizza snob and this place is fantastic. My only complaint is that I wish they delivered!
This is the best pizza I've ever had. Their special of the day included fig, prosciutto, gorganzola, and shredded parmesan amongst other things. I haven't had these on a pizza before and it worked together magically.
Delicious pizza! Good location, easy access, great service!! And word is out, because it was consistently busy on a Monday night. A very nice find.
The pizzas are really good and they have a very unique wine selection. Small place so you may have to wait for a table. Oh, and that delicious aroma you smell as you are walking down 3rd and 20th, yes that is Long Bridge!
Cute store, lovely people who work there but the pizza was for me just "meh". Did the job but nothing that I would have to run back to try again.
Look, I don't often opt for pizza, but when I do, I want it to be authentic- and what can be more San Francisco than a pie with a sourdough crust? This is SF perfection! These folks toss wonderful pies... and they are nice too.We all work hard for our $ (I work extra hard I guess) so I spend it on the good stuff- Long Bridge Pizza has the good stuff. Support this local new business and enjoy your hot, chewy, crusty, oh-so-delicious rewards!Living well is the best revenge.... even if you can't be The Donald.
Fresh tasting and served with a smile. Enjoyed the sausage pizza and the daily special which had pesto and ricotta. Sausage wasn't too salty which I enjoyed. I think the pesto balances out the sourness of the red sauce though. Portion size is good but may need to order a bit more for the hungrier person. Crust is crunchy, chewy, and just tasty enough to finish.. Both pizzas came out fairly quickly too. The only con is the size of the place and that it'd be nice to have a bit more cheese on the pizza. A real winner for people who like their pizza simple but as a pizza fanatic, I have to admit there are some better spots out there. It is a great lunchtime spot though. Would return and try the other pizzas!
Decent but nothing special
Ordered take out of the mushroom pizza and the margarita pizza. The small pies are a reasonable size and they are generous with their toppings. Definitely a nice addition to the neighborhood.
Awesome simple well made pizza with great ingredients. Simple menu with pizza only the way it should be. I could eat here every day. Get the kale special when they have it. It's really great
This place has awesome pizza. It's nice to finally have more options and a super legit pizza place. Employees are nice and place is super clean. If they added tv's this place would be perfect.
Might be the best pizza in the city. Nothing fancy, but quick and easy and absolutely delicious. Fun to watch the Dogpatch transform. Can't wait to come back!
If you're in the area and you want pizza, this is a good place to try out. I'd be exaggerating if I said the pizza was amazing but it's definitely a level-up from your chain pizza restaurants like RoundTable and Patzi.Another way of describing Long Bridge is...It's what you'd expect to find in the modern dogpatch.Price wise - it's a bit high. Service is the minimal - you order in the front and they deliver the pizza when it's ready.Best part - The pizza was hot and fresh out of the oven. Cheese oozed off the dough.What we ordered: Loading Dock - Mozzarella, Tomato Sauce, Soppressata, Sausage, Mushroom, Garlic, Thyme
We had our latest dinner club here and were not disappointed. It's a no frills place with not a ton of seating. They don't serve any alcohol but they're working on that. Once they do, this place will even be that much better. The staff was super friendly. We had a large group and ended up getting four different pizzas. The sausage, Margherita, White Pie and Loading Dock were all amazing.
Typically, I stalk new businesses for weeks, feverishly checking in on the reviews, day dreaming about the photos uploaded onto Yelp, looong before biting the bullet and committing to eating there. But the other day, I was simply looking for something delicious and extremely close to my new favorite tap room, Triple VooDoo. The tap room allows you to bring in food, so we needed something we could easily carry over to the bar-- answer: Long Bridge Pizza.I've been steadily checking off all of the best pizza places in SF from my list-- from Tony's to Delfina to Little Star to Pizzetta 211-- and without a doubt, in time, Long Bridge will be a contender on that list. We had the Loading Dock, and it was packed with high-quality ingredients atop a perfectly toasted chewy crust. I love that it's in the Dog Patch, allowing for significantly less human congestion. This place is miraculously under-hyped, allowing management to focus on the quality of the pizza and service rather than fending off the high-expectation mobs new businesses in more populous 'hoods inevitably suffer during their opening months. Summary: They were friendly, fast, and the pizza was delicious. I can't wait to return!
Flavorful, substantial pizza. They keep the menu simple and have a quality product. All the components hold their own--crust, cheese, sauce, and toppings. Will come back for more.
Awesome! I had the White Pizza Super super fresh ingredients baked to perfection. Really friendly welcoming environment thanks to Sarah. :)
I think this is my new favorite pizza place in SF! Hoorah! Thin, crispy crust. Very flavorful toppings with just the right amount of sauce that the crusts aren't soggy. Not greasy. So good that I ate a whole small pizza without feeling like a dump truck afterward. The loading dock pizza is my favorite. They don't have a lot of seating spaces so maybe a take out would be best.
Seriously delicious pizza....What are you waiting for?! I said it was seriously delicious pizza!My buddies and I literally got one of each pizza on their menu to try them all out, and I'd be hard pressed to pick a favorite. They were all killer. These guys know what they're doing.
Great pizza. Closes very early which misses the entire point of pizza. A small distance delivery would be awesome too.
I never order pizza in the city, and I have never been to/heard of the Dogpatch area of San Francisco...that is, until I visited a friend who used to work here. It's San Francisco, so naturally the crust is a flavorful and doughy sourdough. Long Bridge Pizza is the perfect mixture of artisan and classic. The pizza is so delicious that I have driven to the city from my neck of the woods just to order a pizza and bring it back with me to surprise my boyfriend while he works on real estate. Confused about what to order? The kalamata pizza is out of this world. The kalamata olives are salty, the crust has the typical sourdough tanginess, and the homemade sauce is a smoky and sweet concoction. It's very minimal: sauce, olives, and a dusting of Parmesan cheese, but anything else added to it would ruin the perfect combination of existing flavors and ingredients. Bonus: it's not as expensive as I had originally anticipated (it is located in San Francisco after-all). A small pizza is more than enough to satiate the hunger of two people. I feel like a hipster dining here since the vibe is more upscale trendy than it is dive, but when in Rome...
Wow! This is the only pizza shop I ever want to go to. I've been a few times, including the week they opened. One of the owners came out to chat with us, which was cool. I know this is their first venture, and they are making some of the best pizza in the city. They use fresh ingredients and it truly elevates the pizza to heavenly levels. The decor is simple, but perfect for the location. I highly recommend picking up a pizza and walking down to Triple Voodoo for some beers. It's the best pizza/beer pairing in the city.
These guys are doing it right. Simple is the key word for this classic pizza joint. Simple decor, simple pizza and classic simple service. There are no frills at this local restaurant. I have never tasted such FRESH sauce, amazing (yet simple) toppings and quality ricotta/mozzarella. I respect entrepreneurs in the city and these two young men know what it takes to open a quality restaurant. I have been twice and have been recognized at the register for my return. Personable, amazing quality and all-round great ambience! A+ from this girlFavorite would be the mushroom pizza
Pretty good pizza. It's a little tricky for pick up cause of the location. I'd order again.
The pizza's pretty great, as is the location for parking, which is always worth a mention. I wish I had gotten the margherita on my maiden voyage, instead of the loading dock, so that I could get a better feel for the pizza as a whole, rather than a vehicle for meat. My only complaint is that from the taste, they're using a sourdough crust recipe. I really dislike those things, hence the loss of a star. I realize that that's super subjective, but it may be enough to keep me from returning.
Large margarita pizza. Heaven at a reasonable price and saving me a trip to NYC. I mean this pizza is Napoli good! I ordered a large by mistake and over joyed I have some to take home.
Their pizza is solid. This is a great neighborhood spot. We got the loading dock which was very good. Crust is crispy, toppings and cheese are good- it's just really good pizza. Talked to the staff and they mentioned they might be adding salads and expanding their menu a bit. Really wish they were open just a bit later...9pm is a bit early especially on Friday and the weekend.
Went for an early dinner on a Saturday night, and found a cool venue, helpful service, and great pizza. Would definitely recommend it, they had quality food, and a good selection of drinks. Close to AT&T park, and other local shops with character
Great little pizza shop in Dogpatch. We need more of these! Carries a San Diego IPA . Bonus!
This place hits a home run with it's pizza. Fresh local ingredients with a lot of love put into the sauce along with a very fair price makes this place worth the trip from Sacramento. I recommend this place over and over. The owner is very cool too!
I was excited about this new addition to my neighborhood and WANTED to love it, but wasn't too impressed. We shared the sausage pizza and both of us thought it was just OK. It was a bit bland and might have been better with a little more salt. I will probably come back and try one of the other pizzas before writing this place off, since they do have a lot of good reviews. I would also LOVE to see them expand their menu to include some salads and appetizers.
Love these guys, I'm just a bit biased because I work down the street at Triple Voodoo brewery & often have my lunch or dinner here. But seriously though, their thin, delicious fresh topping pizzas are the bomb! To top it off they have a small but excellent selections of mostly local beers (Cellarmaker to name one!) on tap & in bottles. Highly recommended!
Killer margherita pizza -- small for only $12 and prepared super quick. Perfect addition to the Patch!
The reviews say it all, one of the best in SF and beyond. Great vibe, amazing crust and yes, you may only ever the loading dock pizza after one bite. These guys know how to do it - true pizza craftsmen!
Solid new pizza place in Dog Patch. Totally worth trying out. I am holding back the 5th star only because I have so many other great pizza places (see my list) that are just a little bit better overall experience and this place doesn't offer beer (yet). But don't get me wrong, this is a great pie. I went for the Sausage pizza with red peppers (left off the onions) and it was spicy but not so much and the sourdough crust was a unique taste for a thin crust experience. My buddy and I each had our own small pizza and were able to finish it surprisingly, and it didn't make us loosen our belts or anything (wasn't that overfilling experience). But I'm sure you could split a pie with a friend and maybe get an appetizer when they offer those. Pro Tip: Take your pizza to go, and eat it at the nearby Triple Voodoo Brewery where they welcome bringing in outside food while enjoying their beer with lots of seating.
This place is great! I have loved their pizza since they opened now they have booze! Bonus points! Pizza is European style wood fired, fresh ingredients; Delish!
Eh. Quick and polite service but I've had better pizza from my freezer (granted freezer pizza has improved over recent years). Nice ambiance but definitely not worth $20.
This is really excellent pizza. The dough is NY style and the pepperoni is exceptional. We got a large half pepperoni/ half sausage & we are every bite. We will definitely come back.The wait time wasn't long, either - 10 minutes from ordering to eating. Service was great. I hope it doesn't get too crowded.
Fantastic pizza and good selection of beer, if you're interested. The crust is crispy, but has a hint of softness as well. The sauce is not too heavy, but still gives the pie some serious flavor. The toppings are applied in the same way. The service and ambience make this a great hangout place.
After doing a pizza tour throughout Italy almost 20 (!) years ago, one bite of Long Bridge's margherita pizza brought me immediately back to Naples. Delizioso!We were lucky to be able to push some tables together for our group of 8 (plus our baby!). We ordered three of the four pizzas, except the White Pie.We devoured our pies quickly, agreeing how yummy it was. And to our surprise, the owner (?) brought out a White Pie for us, too -- on the house! I like tomato sauce on a pizza, and the White Pie doesn't have any, so I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it as well.I look forward to returning to Long Bridge for a reminiscent taste of Italy. And when they get their liquor license, it'll be nice to pair a pie with wine or a beer!
excellent sauce, first and foremost. it's got that bitter finish most upscale-y pizza places totally whiff on. 2 small pies fed 2 people easily, and if you're in the hood (and don't mind a 5 min reheat at home), ordering it as take out really is excellent.prices are reasonable too, especially if you go the 2 small pie route.
Kuddos long bridge pizza co!! Amazing pizza. Great addition to my neighbor hood! Simple and delicious. I will write more later, can't wait to taste you again. Cute boys work there too
A very good thin crust pizza. My favorite is the sausage. I always get that and the workers are friendly and service is quick! I like the interior too, It is a nice place! I will come here atleast once a week now ! My new pizza place in San Francisco!!
Really, really great quality toppings. Perfect crust. Not a long wait at all, even during lunch rush. Great beer selection. By far the best pizza I've had in San Francisco. Soppresata on the Loading Dock Pizza is the ish!
I loved seeing this place crowded on a Wednesday afternoon because this place really deserves some attention from people. Well, at the same time, I don't want it to get too popular.VIBE :It's small and casual, but not a cheap looking place. It just seemed appropriate for a great pizzeria. DINERS :Lots of young-ish people, mostly casual. Because of the area, it might get some business people. But, Dogpatch is an odd area.FOOD :We ordered the Loading Dock pizza which came with all the ingredients my dining partner and I love (mushrooms, bacon, tomato sauce and all the other goodness). It was a small size which was $15.50 tax included and we felt pretty well-fed afterwards.The crust was chewy and crisp and the same time, and all the toppings and sauce were really orchestrated delightfully. Definitely, one of the best pizzas I've had in SF. I can't wait to go back there to try their Margherita and White Pie pies.
Great little pizza spot in Dogpatch. Sausage pizza was tasty - fresh tasting tomato sauce, thin crust but still with some substance to it. Friendly service! It's casual self seating, you just order at counter, then they bring the pizza to your table.  I will def be back.
My new favorite pizza place. Friendly service too. I've dined here, and have also called in for take out. I highly suggest you eat it while it's still fresh out the oven. The thin crust is perfect, and the toppings are quality, delicious, and smell soooo good. Don't even need to add condiments. I hope they consider selling pizza by the slice in the near future. Sometimes I can't decide what I want!
tasty but expensive
Awesome neighborhood pizza place. Casual and great for takeout. The only thing better would be if they delivered.
Pizza comes to the Dogpatch....and it is good. Nestled in a storefront facing an ever more busy 3rd Street and steps away from the 20th Street T Line stop, LBPC delivers a pretty good thin crust pie. The menu is small and focused on a few items, good selection of meat and veggie options. Nothing fancy here, just your friendly neighborhood pizza stop.The ambiance is nice, not too loud and the service is friendly and quick.
I ordered 2 pizzas over the phone for pickup. While i was making the order, i talked with the pizza guy (?owner) about pizzas cooking unevenly if there are different toppings on each side, etc. He made sure to mention to come right at 15 minutes. we got there, and no order had been placed, and sorry to say, they had run out of dough. this was very frustrating and i would not return ever again to try the pizza. The owner offered 2 free pizzas, but damage is already done. i think a lot of new restaurants/trucks have a good concept, but poor follow-through and substandard practices. This place is a perfect example.
This pizza is so delicious and tasty! I host a lot of house guests from out of town and they are always satisfied when i take them to Long Bridge pizza!!! Perfect topping flavors, great menu, and amazing crust. The prices are a bargain considering the high quality of food you get. I NEVER leave hungry :) Long Bridge pizza reminds you what a real pizza should taste like.
How do you make outrageously FANTASTIC pizza with barely any grease or salt? I have no earthly idea, but these guys have mastered it. And while Little Star will always be my #1, the requisite "3-glasses of water post-binge to equalize the copious salt intake" makes me appreciate these guys all the more. Keep up the great work!
my favorite pizza in town right now. super tasty, not doing the Neapolitan style that everyone else is focused on (that I find, frankly, kind of boring), just tasty pizza. really friendly staff too. also check out all good pizza in the bayview for a similar no bs style.
DAMN GOOD PIZZA! clean space & friendly service. Crust is thin, crispy and the sauce has just the right acidity. Damn tasty and I will continue to return for more pizza.
Stopped by here for lunch one day and enjoyed the mushroom pizza. They cut up the mushrooms into smaller pieces. So there weren't any slices of mushrooms. Gave the pizza a different texture. Overall good place. Menu is a bit short and not too many to choose from. Wish they had a meat option that wasn't didn't have pork on it and also that they'd serve pizza by the slice as well Giving it three stars only though because the crust was burnt more than what I would say is acceptable.
Easily the best pizza I've had in SF. The sourdough crust is really outstanding. We got takeout to being to Triple Voodoo Brewing a block away.
The staff is great, the pizza is amazing and the small beer list is solid. They have done a great job with this space and the service is always on point.
Great pizza. Can't say enough about this place. Some people might be annoyed that they don't have beer/wine but you can just bring the pizza to Triple Voodoo down the street.
Pizza is definitely worth checking out, but I've had better in my lifetime. What can I say, I'm a pizza connoisseur. I had the long bridge pizza, and it was pretty tasty. My problem with the pizza is that it's just a tad too chewy....
Honestly the best Pizza i've ever had. I shared 3 different small pizza's with my Sister and her Sister in-law and the entire conversation was about how good each pie was. First they brought out the White Pie. I've never had anything quite like it before. It was delicious and I would order it again. Next the Margherita. The full fresh basil leaves and olive oil stand out in this Pie. Give it a try. Our last choice was the Loading Dock. Salami and Sausage with a small amount of mushrooms and garlic. All 3 Pizza crusts were golden baked to perfection. Lightly salted and not dense at all.The service and timing of when they brought out each pizza couldn't have been better calculated. Instead of having all 3 finished at the same time they brought them out one after another so we could enjoy each one piping hot. Please expand to the Peninsula!
Very tasty pizza! If they had slices to go, I'd be a regular. OK, maybe I'll be a regular anyways: I went back the next day & tried the margherita pizza. Mmm. The crust is supposed to be sourdough, which I could barely notice but what I love is the chewy/crisp texture you get from a perfect fresh baguette, moderately thin and beautifully browned with some burnt bits. Mmmm.Yes, it only takes about 15 minutes and you might consider re-heating because it's hard to get it back and still warm (not that cold pizza is bad). It would be perfect to set up in a local bar, call in the pizza and walk there to pick up within 10 minutes so you could enjoy fresh from the oven. Parking can be tough on a weekday lunch hour in this booming new neighborhood.
Great to welcome this place to Dogpatch! Fabulous pizza - unique sauce - and they'll deliver it to you at the bar a block down!
Andrew makes an absolutely amazing pizza that is both delicious and unique. His meatball pizza, made with skill that any New York or Chicago chef would admire, was amazing. We were brought here by a friend who recommended the pizza, and the joint sure did deliver. We'll be back, and I'm looking forward to it!
Solid.
Delicious pizza and great service.
Awesome pizza. And super friendly, helpful, easygoing owners. We had a big event for 23 people and they helped us with a bunch of pizzas. Several people said they loved the pizza and asked for the name. That doesn't always happen. Great place. Great pizza.
This place is great- I'm so glad they opened in my neighborhood! Today we ordered a pizza to pick up on the walk home from the ferry building farmer's market. We were supposed to be there in 30 min. but got sidetracked at AT&T Park (did you know they allow you to stand behind the outfield field fence within the stadium during games?! Me either. We camped it there for a good 45 minutes). By the time we got to the restaurant to pick up the pizza, we were ~75 mins late. The chefs came out to meet us at the counter and insisted on making us a new pizza because the one we ordered was sitting so long (even though it was our fault). We waited 10 mins. and we're handed a fresh & delicious margherita pizza. It was delicious- we'll definitely be regulars!
Pizza is outstanding and will do a 1/2 and 1/2. Crust is light and thin, ingredients are fresh and the service is outstanding. Worth the Muni ride!
Good good good, if you love thin crust pizza! My wife loves deep dish, Patxi's is her favorite around here, but she went all in on Valentine's Day and she's at least a big fan if Long Bridge's pizza now. The crust is not only thing but also very texturally satisfying with good taste! We went with 3 small pizzas, Margherita, Loading Dock, and the White Pie, which we got sausage added to it. The Margherita came out first and exceptionally quick. When we arrived there were about 3 other parties there, but our pizza came out exceptionally quick and piping hot! It was the perfect start, mozarella , basil, and sauce all worked well! Next up was my wife's favorite, Loading Dock. Read a bad review about it, but again the pizza delivered! Loved the soppressata, mushroom, and sausage; was just a VERY WELL made meat lovers pizza. Lots of meat. Last the white pizza and by now my wife was done, so this was all to myself. What made this pizza special was the ricotta and hints of garlic throughout the pizza. I would request to add the sausage as it evens out the palate with some texture. All in all this was a great meal for VDay and went well with the ice cold IPAs they have on draft! Definitely will be back again. For those from the peninsula, this place blows away Totos if that's your thin pizzeria if choice. We bypassed our WaterBar reservation that nite for Long Bridge and we were not disappointed. One thing we did miss was the Holy Grail dessert, "bring it back!" One forewarning, parking IS limited, so be patient. We had to circle the place twice before we found a spot.
Crispy, chewy, blistery and a little sour--we ordered a large Loading Dock and the entire diameter of the pizza (all 18 inches) was exactly this. No soggy, limp center! I appreciate how whoever made my order pushed the tomato sauce and toppings to the edge as far as he could. A wide undressed crust is overrated, I'm telling you. And cheap. They don't skimp on ingredients here!
$32 for a large is a little absurd. That said this extremely tasty and quick to serve pizza. Their dough is chewy yet crisp and the flavor is phenomenal. If it was in the $25 price range, I'd give it 5 stars.
A classic little pizzeria complete with great thin crust style pies. Lots of different options on the menu; a good choice for a group. Pies come out fast and is an excellent lunch spot. They're serving alcohol now too with a great selection of beer. The prices are more than fair and the pizza itself is better than anywhere else in their price range in the city. The owners are knowledgeable and friendly guys. My new favorite spot for pizza in SF
I really enjoy the pizza at Long Bridge. It's super fresh and tasty, with just the right balance of flavors on each pie. The White Pizza and Loading Dock are my favorites. Great service. Definitely recommend.
This pizza was terrible. And expensive. Doesn't look like the pictures at all. No flavor, dough is bland, sauce is bland. Doesn't deliver. They must be manipulating their yelp score because it's terrible.
Great pizza. Had sausage, was one of the best I have ever had. And nice part of city to check out. Lots of parking. Was cool to spend an evening away from the crowds.
The pizza here is AMAZING! Perfect blend of tastes, thin crust, large and for the right price. :) This place was amazing and I'll be back.
love the dough & crust. love the margherita. even if i didn't live within 2 minutes walking here, i'd still come to the dogpatch for this pizza.
Mmmmm.... possibly my favorite non-deep-dish pizza in SF! Can't speak to eating in the restaurant, as we always take out and walk down to Triple Voodoo, but everything we've tried has been fantastic. The employees/owners are so friendly, and the service is speedy. We'll keep coming back, and I'll add the fifth star when they get their liquor license. ;)
Fantastic pie. Got half white pizza and half mushroom. It was absolutely delicious. The owner (chef) came out and asked us how the pizza was, which was awesome. Would highly recommend it if you like pizza.
Delicious pizza in the Dogpatch! Hurrah!
My mom and I ate here and really enjoyed our two pizzas. The staff was nice and the food was great. We will be back for sure!
The pepperoni pizza was outstanding. This is a simple place with quick, friendly service and reasonable prices. Dine in or take out.
This pizza is the best! Went here the other day for their soft launch and the food was amazing! Definitely check this place out. I promise you won't be disappointed!
The pizza here is delicious! Great food and great prices. Definitely my new pizza spot in the Dogpatch!
Sausage pizza is clutch! One of a few places I stopped in while visiting the Dog Patch area. The staff was nice and the place was clean. The place came recommend by locals. The thin slice pizza was just right.
Margherita, White, and Loading Dock are all outstanding as is the customer service. Great addition to Dogpatch, and you can place a pizza delivery order with the bartenders at Triple Voodoo for pies at the brewery.
Long Bridge Pizza has done their homework - and it shows: absolutely delicious pizza (the best thing crust you can have - me thinks), timely service, courteous staff, cute little informal space. This place is an incredible addition to the neighborhood. If you are thinking about giving this a place a try, I'd encourage you to do so. It was so good my wife had to talk me out of going back to get another one (same night)!
So pumped to have these guys in the neighborhood! I've been here a half dozen times since it opened and it's officially my go to pizza joint. All their pizzas are awesome and at a fair price point. The staff are super friendly and acknowledge their repeat customers. Definitely the best pizza in town now!
I really enjoyed the pizza! The crust was amazing and the "white pizza" was my favorite. Good beer and wine to choose from and the staff was very friendly. Although the space is pretty small, it still accommodated half our basketball team and parents.
Pizza is fantastic, and the owners/cooks/staff are awesome. This is a great addition to the neighborhood and I love eating here as well as ordering takeout.
Really good pizza. They had about 5-6 different types, went with the meat version and really liked it. They mentioned that since they didn't have a liquor license yet, we could take it down the street to one of the local bars. That was really cool of them to let us know and we did. Will be back for more.
New pizza spot in the dogpatch with large windows and lots of sun but the space is small. Friendly service. Pizzas are good but come in small and large sizes only and are thin crust. The sausage pizza was good with fresh ingredients.
I practically cried when I ate Long Bridge for the first time this Saturday. After 12 years in SF, I'd given up on ever tasting decent thin crust again. This stuff is thin crust perfection.It's now 2 days later and I came back and brought some friends. I'm sure I'll be back again before the week is over. Thank you for finally vanquishing the pizza wasteland that was the eastern side of the city. Hallelujah!
Went here with some business colleagues, the pizza was great and well priced!! Definitely will be coming back again!!!
Cool and hip and yummy! My new favorite pizza around dogpatch - owners are super nice and friendly hooray!
Thanks for opening up in the Dogpatch! Loved the White pizza and the "Loading Dock". I could immediately tell that you guys use good olive oil. Will be a regular here for sure!
Pizza was delicious, and fantastic service. Very friendly environment with cute tables and modern, clean decor. Definitely recommend the White Pie--didn't know what to expect from a spinach + white pizza, but it was delicious. Overall, highly recommend!
Totally disagree with the 5 star rating....Terrible service and average food. I would not go back.
Pizza is amazing. The curst, the sauce, the toppings.. everything was perfect. Can't wait to go back!
I am so happy this is close to my place. These pizzas are fantastic and perfectly simple. Perfect crust in my opinion and simple ingredients. I think I'm going to have to go get it tonight again now after thinking about it...
One of the best pizzas we have tasted for a very long time, great crust, great service and great people, we love it
Hate to be cliche with another 5-star review, but I've been here for dinner a few times and found the same great vibe, service, and pizza both times. The margherita is absolutely memorable and crave-worthy.
This is officially now my favorite pizza place in ALL OF San Francisco. It's SOO GOOD! I hesitate to write a review, because I know this place is going to...
had lunch there today Pizza is legit! Great crust cooked to perfection. These Guys are doing it right! Finally a goumet pizza place in the Dog patch.....
These guys know what they're doing. Had 2 pies with a buddy for lunch today. The Margherita and the Loading Dock (sausage, mushrooms, soppresatta). Both delicious. Clearly use quality meats on the Loading Dock. When it comes to pizza though, the measuring block is always the Margherita and Long Bridge did not disappoint. Perfect ingredient ratios, just enough taste of fresh basil, perfect tomato sauce. Easily one of the better pies in the city and very fairly priced at $12 for a small (enough to split with someone unless your very hungry).Great new spot.
omg. i love this place! we ate there today spontaneously. so fresh. so friendly. so delicious. plus IPA's on tap. we had a great time there. be back (but should have gone for a run.)
Finally, a quick/takeout pizza place that serves delicious pizza made with fresh, high-quality ingredients. Love this place!
Eating pizza here was like being back in Italy. Thin snappy crust with fresh tasty toppings. Good prices. No beer or wine yet, but coming soon.
Real good pie. Real good. Just the way I like it. Thin - a titch of crisp - super fresh ingredients. Good dough/sauce/cheez/topping ratio --- all around a real good pie. Nice guys too! Love the Dogpatch!
Wednesday evening and this place is hoppin'.......what does that tell you?? It tells you what I'm going to tell you......These guys make some awesome pizza. With the combination of their delicious (sourdough, I believe) crust, amazing sauce and fresh ingredients I don't see how you could go wrong on any of their menu choices. We started with the Margherita which I knew after the first bite it would be my favorite. As we continued to the next pizza, the White Pie with garlic and spinach I thought "now this is very different and very tasty too", But lo and behold the last pizza was soon to follow, The Loading Dock Pizza!!!! Crazy yummy combination of deliciousness, Mozzarella, Tomato Sauce, Soppressata, Sausage, Mushroom, Garlic, Thyme this pizza will be a must have, must order, when I come here again. Which of course, I will. Oh, did I mention that you also get to watch the handsome young owners tossing pizza and working the oven? Do yourself a favor and try this place, you will be as happy as I am if you are a pizza lover.
This is a terrific pizza place! Several friends and I went to try it out. Great flavor in the pizzas! The crusts were thin but chewy, not cardboard-y. The service was very friendly and courteous. Even the other customers were courteous, volunteering to move to another table so that we could consolidate their table with others to accommodate our large party. I will definitely be back!
Great all around spot for pizza. Good group of guys running the spot who know how to make a pie the right way, thin crust with fresh toppings and quality cheese. I also like the fact that they use fresh sourdough for their dough which makes the pizza unique. I would go back in a second and also recommend that anyone who has that itch for some good pizza try it out. Overall great experience in an up and coming neighborhood!
